-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HbfxN25NFAkDFUshm/JXwZ1CG7Otz+yERRm6Bj2uCezmhTQE7QBXcMQI64OD1mSn
 sAI19ZQenS82vDXUHs/mzQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950135-94-000220.txt : 19940420
<IMS-HEADER>0000950135-94-000220.hdr.sgml : 19940420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950135-94-000220
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WYMAN GORDON CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108703
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3460
		IRS NUMBER:				041992780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-03085
		FILM NUMBER:		94519358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 WORCHESTER ST
		STREET 2:		BOX 8001
		CITY:			N GRAFTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01536
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5088394441
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                   FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

                                   (Mark One)

             [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
               THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Fee Required)

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993

                                       OR

           [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
             THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (No Fee Required)

                For the transition period from ______ to ______ 

                         Commission file number 0-3085

                              WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                MASSACHUSETTS                                    04-1992780
     (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)                          Identification No.)

244 WORCESTER STREET, BOX 8001, GRAFTON, MASSACHUSETTS           01536-8001
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                       (Zip Code)

                                  508-839-4441
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:

                                                 NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
          TITLE OF EACH CLASS                     ON WHICH REGISTERED
          -------------------                    -------------------
                 NONE                                    NONE

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:
                           Common Stock, $1 Par Value
                                (Title of Class)

      Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  X   No _____
                                          
      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

      Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of March 28, 1994:  $65,762,687

      Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

                     CLASS                      OUTSTANDING AT MARCH 28, 1994
         Common Stock, $1 Par Value                      18,040,150 Shares



                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

      With the exception of these sections which are specifically incorporated
by reference in this Form 10-K, the following document is not deemed filed as
part of this report: (1) Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 1993
(Form 10-K Parts I, II & IV)

<PAGE>   2
                                     PART I

ITEM 1.      BUSINESS

GENERAL

         Wyman-Gordon Company, founded in 1883, is a leading producer of highly
engineered, technically advanced components, primarily for the aerospace
industry.  The Company uses forging and investment casting technologies to
produce components to exacting customer specifications for demanding
applications such as jet turbine engines and airframes.  The Company also
designs and produces prototype products using composite technologies.

    JET ENGINE COMPONENTS

         The Company manufactures numerous forged and cast components for jet
engines for both commercial and defense aircraft produced by all of the major
manufacturers, including General Electric, Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce and CFM
International.  The Company's forged engine parts include fan discs, compressor
discs, turbine discs, seals, spacers and cases.  Cast engine parts include
thrust reversers, valves and fuel system parts such as combustion chamber swirl
guides.  Jet engines may produce in excess of 100,000 pounds of thrust and may
subject parts produced by the Company to temperatures reaching 1,350oF.
Components for such extreme conditions require precision manufacturing and
expertise with high-purity titanium and nickel-based superalloys.  Rotating
parts such as fan, compressor and turbine discs must be manufactured to precise
quality specifications.

    AIRFRAME STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS

         The Company manufactures forged and cast structural parts for
fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters.  These products include wing spars, engine
mounts, struts, landing gear beams, landing gear, wing hinges, wing and tail
flaps, housings, and bulkheads.  These parts may be made of titanium, steel,
aluminum and other alloys, as well as composite materials.  The Company also
produces dynamic rotor forgings for helicopters.  Forging is particularly
well-suited for airframe parts because of its ability to impact greater
proportional strength to metal than other manufacturing processes.  Investment
casting can produce complex shapes to precise, repeatable dimensions.

         The Company has been a major supplier for many years of the beams that
support the main landing gear assemblies on the Boeing 747 and has begun
shipment of main landing gear beams for the new Boeing 777 widebody.  The
Company forges landing gear and other airframe structural components for the
Boeing 747, 757, 767 and 777, the McDonnell Douglas MD-11 and the Airbus A330
and A340.  The Company produces structural forgings for the F-15, F-16 and F-18
fighter aircraft and the Sikorsky Black Hawk helicopter.  The Company also
produces large, one-piece bulkheads for Lockheed and Boeing for the new F-22
advanced tactical fighter.

    OTHER PRODUCTS

         The Company produces steam turbine and gas turbine generator
components for land-based power generation applications.  The Company also
manufactures shafts, cases, compressor and turbine discs for marine gas
turbines.  The Company's investment castings operations produces components for
medical devices, power equipment, food processing equipment, land-based
military equipment such as tanks, and various other applications.  The Company
derived approximately 5% of its 1993 and 1992 revenues from sales of
non-aerospace products.  In 1992, the Company received preliminary vendor
qualification to provide components to a major producer of land-based gas
turbines.  The Company expects to receive final vendor qualifications in the
second quarter of 1994 and has received an order to produce those components
beginning in 1994.





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   3
MARKETS

<TABLE>
         The principal markets served by the Company are commercial aerospace
and defense equipment.  Revenue from these markets over the last three years,
excluding the Company's divested automotive crankshaft operations, have been as
follows:

<CAPTION>
                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      1993                      1992                       1991
                                ----------------        --------------------        ------------------
                                            % OF                       % OF                       % OF
             MARKET             REVENUE     TOTAL       REVENUE        TOTAL        REVENUE      TOTAL
             ------             -------     -----       -------        -----        -------      -----
                                                           (000'S OMITTED)
<S>                             <C>          <C>        <C>            <C>         <C>            <C> 
Commercial aerospace            $127,635      53%       $171,312        57%        $161,075        53%
Defense equipment                101,329      42         113,029        38          135,573        44
Other                             10,797       5          14,540         5            9,982         3
                                --------     ---        --------       ---         --------       ---
    Total                       $239,761     100%       $298,881       100%        $306,630       100%
                                ========     ===        ========       ===         ========       ===
</TABLE>


    COMMERCIAL AEROSPACE

         The Company manufactures high-technology forged and cast products for
virtually all models of commercial aircraft produced.  Forged and  investment
cast parts include a wide variety of components for both the jet engines and
structural airframes of these aircraft.  The Company's composite operation
designs and produces aerospace prototypes.  The Company also produces products
utilized in general aviation and business jet aircraft.

    DEFENSE EQUIPMENT

         The Company is a supplier to builders of military aircraft and
missiles, manufacturing forged and investment cast components for jet engines
as well as structural components and systems for defense and defense related
industries.  The Company manufactures fan, compressor and turbine discs, seals
and spacers for jet engines, structural components such as aluminum, steel and
titanium bulkheads for military aircraft and various fittings, spars and
landing gear components.  The Company also produces weapon cases for missiles
and rockets.  For naval defense applications, the Company manufactures
components for nuclear propulsion plants, as well as pump, valve, structural
and non-nuclear propulsion forgings.

    OTHER MARKETS

         The Company also participates in a number of other markets,
principally in the nuclear and non-nuclear power generation, marine and food
processing industries.  The Company is actively seeking to identify alternative
applications for its capabilities, such as in the automotive and other
commercial markets.


CUSTOMERS

         The Company has approximately 100 active customers that purchase
forgings, approximately 425 active customers that purchase investment castings
and approximately ten active customers that purchase composite structures.  The
Company's principal customers are similar across all of these production
processes.  Five customers, General Electric Company, United Technologies
Corporation (principally its Pratt & Whitney Division), Boeing Company,
McDonnell Douglas Corporation and Mitsui & Company U.S.A., accounted for
approximately 54% of the Company's revenues during 1993 and approximately 53%
of the Company's revenues during 1992.  General Electric and United
Technologies each accounted for more than 10% of revenues for 1993 and 1992.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   4
        The Company has organized its operations into product groups which
focus on specific customers or groups of customers with similar needs.  The
Company has become actively involved with its aerospace customers through joint
development relationships and cooperative research and development, engineering,
quality control, just-in-time inventory control and computerized design
programs.  This involvement begins with the design of the tooling and processes 
to manufacture the customer's components to its precise specifications.

    The Company increasingly participates with its customers in joint
development projects.  The Company's plasma arc melting ("PAM") unit is being
developed in cooperation with General Electric Company in order to develop new
processing techniques and materials, including alloys for use in components for
the new GE90 jet engine.  In addition, General Electric has contracted with the
Company to produce tooling for several components for the GE90 engine.  Another
customer partnership involves the creation of a joint venture with Pratt &
Whitney and Australian investors to produce aerospace grade, nickel-based
superalloy ingot in Perth, Australia.  Pratt & Whitney has committed to
purchase a portion of the joint venture's output, and the Company anticipates
that a part of such commitment will be satisfied through orders of forgings
produced by the Company.

MARKETING AND SALES

         The Company markets its products principally through its own sales
engineers and makes only limited use of manufacturers' representatives.
Substantially all sales are made directly to original equipment manufacturers.

    The Company's sales are not subject to significant seasonal fluctuations,
although production in the third quarter normally tends to be somewhat less
than that of other quarters as a result of scheduled plant shutdowns.

         A substantial portion of the Company's revenues is derived from
long-term, fixed price contracts with major engine and aircraft manufacturers.
These contracts are typically "requirements" contracts under which the
purchaser commits to purchase a given portion of its requirements of a
particular component from the Company.  Actual purchase quantities are
typically not determined until shortly before the year in which products are to
be delivered.

BACKLOG

<TABLE>
         The backlog of unfilled orders from customers at the following dates
in the commercial aerospace, defense and other markets served by the Company
was as follows:

<CAPTION>
                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      1993                      1992                       1991
                                ----------------        --------------------        ------------------
                                            % OF                       % OF                      % OF
             MARKET             BACKLOG     TOTAL       BACKLOG        TOTAL        BACKLOG      TOTAL
             ------             -------     -----       -------        -----        -------      -----
                                                           (000'S OMITTED)
<S>                             <C>           <C>       <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>
Commercial aerospace            $167,740       65%      $205,771        66%        $266,103        69%
Defense equipment                 82,000       32         97,224        31          103,648        27
Other                              6,519        3          6,684         3           17,154         4
                                --------      ---       --------       ---         --------       ---
    Total                       $256,259      100%      $309,679       100%        $386,905       100%
                                ========      ===       ========       ===         ========       ===
</TABLE>

         The decreased level of backlog at December 31, 1993 is attributable
primarily to (1) continuing lower levels of demand in the commercial aerospace
and defense equipment markets, (2) the inclusion at December 31, 1992 of
backlog of approximately $12.9 million related to the Company's Wyman-Gordon
Composites, Inc. operation which was sold in November 1993 and (3) the
continued effect of the implementation of just-in-time delivery schedules by
customers.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   5
         At December 31, 1993 approximately $153.0 million of total backlog was
scheduled to be shipped within one year and the remainder in subsequent years,
although there can be no assurances that products ordered will not be subject
to schedule changes.

         The decreased level of backlog at December 31, 1992 is attributable
primarily to (1) delays by the Company's two largest engine component customers
releasing long-term supply agreements to their supplier base, (2) more rapid
production cycle times which require shorter lead order times and (3) the
implementation of just-in-time delivery schedules by customers.


MANUFACTURING PROCESSES

         The Company employs three manufacturing processes: forging, investment
casting and composites production.

    FORGING

         Forging is the process by which desired shapes, metallurgical
characteristics, and mechanical properties are imparted to metal by heating and
shaping it through hammering, pressing or ring-rolling.  The Company forges
alloys of titanium, aluminum and steel as well as high temperature nickel-based
superalloys.

         The Company manufactures most of its forged aerospace components at
its facilities in Grafton and Worcester, Massachusetts (although the Company
continues to consolidate its forging operations at the Grafton facility).  The
Company has three large closed- die hydraulic forging presses rated at 18,000,
35,000 and 50,000 tons, an open-die cogging press rated at 2,000 tons and a
hydraulic isothermal forging press rated at 8,000 tons.  The Company also
operates forging hammers rated up to 35,000 pounds, a 220-ton ring- roll and
supporting facilities.  The Company employs all major forging processes,
including the following:

         Open-Die Forging.  In this process, the metal is forged between dies
that never completely surround the metal, thus allowing the metal to be
observed during the process.  Typically, open-die forging is used to create
relatively simple, preliminary shapes.

         Closed-Die Forging.  Closed-die forging involves hammering or pressing
heated metal into the required shapes and size determined by machined
impressions in specially prepared dies which exert three dimensional control on
the metal.  In hot-die forging, a type of closed-die process, the dies are
heated to a temperature approaching the transformation temperature of the
materials being forged so as to allow the metal to flow more easily within the
die cavity, which enhances the repeatability of the part shapes and allows
greater metallurgical control.  Both titanium and nickel-based superalloys are
forged using this process, in which the dies are heated to a temperature of
approximately 1,300oF.

         Isothermal Forging.  Isothermal forging is a closed-die process in
which the dies are heated to the same temperature as the metal being forged,
typically in excess of 1,900oF.  The forged material typically consists of
nickel-based superalloy powders.  Because of the extreme temperatures necessary
for forming these alloys, the dies must be made of refractory metal (such as
molybdenum) so that the die retains its strength and shape during the forging
process.  Because the dies may oxidize at these elevated temperatures, the
forging process is carried on in a vacuum or inert gas atmosphere.  The
Company's isothermal press also allows it to produce near-net shape components
(requiring less machining by the customer) made from titanium alloys, which can
be an important competitive advantage in times of high titanium prices.  The
Company carries on this process in its 8,000-ton isothermal press.

         Ring-Rolling.  This process, conducted on the Company's 220-ton
ring-roll, involves rotating heated metal rings between two rotating rolls to
produce seamless metal rings for use as seals, cases, spacers and similar parts
for jet turbine engines.  The Company can produce rings up to 80 inches in
diameter and 20 inches in height.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>   6
         Titanium and Superalloy Production.  The Company has
backward-integrated into the manufacturing of raw materials used in its forging
processes.  In 1987 the Company began to cast titanium scrap and "sponge" into
ingot and convert the ingot to billet by forging the ingot in its forging
presses.  Such billet may be used as raw material for the Company's forgings or
may be converted or sold for other uses.  The Company markets titanium ingots,
billets, engineered mults and open-die forgings for use outside the Company's
forging activities.  The Company's PAM unit produces high quality titanium and
can also be modified for the manufacture of nickel-based superalloy powders
through an atomization process.  The Company expects that the PAM unit will be
certified by certain customers for the manufacture of some of their components
in late 1994 and will thereafter produce the high-purity materials required for
future high performance jet engines.  The Company entered into a joint venture
with Pratt & Whitney and certain Australian investors to produce nickel-based
superalloy ingots in Perth, Australia.  The Company expects that these ingots
will be utilized as raw materials for the Company's forging and casting
products.  See "Business - Customers".

         Support Operations.  The Company manufactures its own forging dies out
of high-strength steel and molybdenum.  These dies can weigh in excess of 100
tons and can be up to 25 feet in length.  In manufacturing its dies, the
Company takes its customers' drawings and engineers the dies using CAD/CAM
equipment and sophisticated metal flow computer models that simulate metal flow
during the forging process.  This activity improves die design and process
control and permits the Company to enhance the metallurgical characteristics of
the forging.  The Company also has a large machine shop with computer aided
profiling equipment, vertical turret lathes and other equipment that it employs
to rough machine products to a shape required to allow inspection of the
products.  The Company also operates rotary and car-bottom heat treating
furnaces that enhance the performance characteristics of the forgings.  These
furnaces have sufficient capacity to handle all the Company's forged products.
The Company subjects its products to extensive quality inspection and contract
qualification procedures involving zyglo, chemical etching, ultrasonic, red
dye, and electrical conductivity testing facilities.

INVESTMENT CASTINGS

         The Company's investment castings operations use modern, automated,
high volume production equipment and both air-melt and vacuum-melt furnaces to
produce a wide variety of complex investment castings.  Castings are made of a
range of metal alloys including aluminum, magnesium, steel, titanium and
nickel-based superalloys.

         The Company's castings operations are conducted in facilities located
in Connecticut, New Hampshire, Nevada and California.  These plants house air
and vacuum-melt furnaces, wax injection machines and investment dipping tanks.
The Company's Groton, Connecticut facility was recently expanded to produce
high quality titanium castings.

         Investment castings are produced in four major stages.  First,
aluminum molds, known as "tools," are fabricated in the shape of the component
to the specifications of the customer.  Tools are primarily purchased from
outside die makers, although the Company maintains internal tool-making
capabilities.  Wax is injected into the mold from a heated reservoir to form a
"pattern."  In the second stage, the wax patterns are mechanically coated with
a sand and silicate-bonded slurry.  This forms a ceramic shell which is
subsequently air-dried under controlled environmental conditions.  The wax
inside this shell is then melted and removed in a high temperature steam
autoclave and the molten wax is recycled.  In the third, or foundry stage,
metal is melted in an electric furnace in either an air or vacuum environment
and poured into the ceramic shell.  After cooling, the ceramic shells are
removed by vibration.  The metal parts are then cleaned in a high temperature
caustic bath, followed by water rinsing.  In the fourth, or finishing stage,
the castings are finished to remove excess metal.  The final product then
undergoes a lengthy series of inspections (radiography, fluorescent penetrant,
magnetic particle and dimensional) to ensure quality and consistency.



                                      -5-
<PAGE>   7
    COMPOSITES

         The Company's composites operation, Scaled Composites, Inc., designs,
fabricates and tests prototypes for aerospace, automotive and other customers.
These customers include Lawrence Livermore Laboratories, Orbital Sciences Corp.
and McDonnell Douglas.  In November 1993, the Company sold substantially all of
the net assets and business operations of its Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc.
operations.  Accordingly, such operations are not included in the above
discussion.

<TABLE>
FACILITIES

         The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
Company's major facilities at December 31, 1993.  The Company believes that its
facilities are well-maintained, are suitable to support the Company's business
and are adequate for the Company's present and anticipated needs.  At December
31, 1993, the Company's forging, investment castings and composites facilities
were operating at approximately 35%, 55% and 97% of their total productive
capacity, respectively.

<CAPTION>
                                            APPROX.
                                            SQUARE                                          OWNED/
     LOCATION                               FOOTAGE          PRIMARY FUNCTION               LEASED
     --------                               -------          ----------------               ------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>                                <C>
Grafton, Massachusetts                       85,420      Administrative Offices             Owned
Grafton, Massachusetts                      843,200      Forging                            Owned
Worcester, Massachusetts                     43,200      Currently idle                     Owned
Worcester, Massachusetts                    323,700      Forging                            Owned
Millbury, Massachusetts                     104,125      Research and                       Owned
                                                           Development,
                                                           Metals Production
Groton, Connecticut (2 plants)              162,550      Casting                            Owned
Franklin, New Hampshire                      43,200      Currently idle                     Owned
Tilton, New Hampshire                        94,000      Casting                            Owned
Carson City, Nevada                          46,000      Casting                            Owned
San Leandro, California                      45,000      Casting                            Owned
Mojave, California                           67,000      Composites                         Owned
</TABLE>


RAW MATERIALS

         Raw materials used by the Company in its forgings and castings include
alloys of titanium, nickel, steel, aluminum and other high-temperature alloys.
The composites operation uses high strength fibers such as fiberglass or
graphite, as well as materials such as foam and epoxy, to fabricate composite
structures.  The major portion of metal requirements for forged and cast
products are purchased from major non-ferrous metal suppliers producing forging
and casting quality material as needed to fill customer orders.  The Company
has two or more sources of supply for all significant raw materials.  The
Company satisfies some of its titanium requirements internally by producing
titanium alloy from titanium scrap and "sponge."  The Company's PAM unit will
also produce high quality titanium and advanced nickel alloys.

         The titanium and nickel-based superalloys utilized by the Company have
a high dollar value.  Accordingly, the Company attempts to recover and recycle
scrap materials such as machine turnings, forging flash, scrapped forgings,
test pieces and casting sprues, risers and gates.

         In the event of customer cancellation, the Company may, under certain
circumstances, obtain reimbursement from the customer if the material cannot be
diverted to other uses.  Costs of material already on hand, along with any
conversion costs incurred, have generally been billed to the customer unless
transferable to another order.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   8
ENERGY USAGE

         The Company is a large consumer of energy.  Energy is required
primarily for heating materials to be forged and cast, melting of ingots,
heat-treating materials after forging and casting, operating forging hammers,
forging presses, melting furnaces, ring-rolls, die-sinking, mechanical
manipulation and pollution control equipment and space heating.  The Company
uses natural gas, oil and electricity in varying amounts at its manufacturing
facilities.  In recent years, the Company's production facilities experienced
no energy shortages which caused them to curtail their operations.

EMPLOYEES

         As of December 31, 1993, the Company had 1,853 employees of whom
approximately 612 were executive, administrative, engineering, research, sales
and clerical and 1,241 production and craft.  Approximately 44% of the
production and craft employees, consisting of employees in the forging
business, are represented by a union.  In April 1992, the Company entered into
a new three year collective bargaining agreement with the forging operation's
employees.

RESEARCH AND PATENTS

         The Company maintains a research and development center at Millbury,
Massachusetts which is engaged in applied research and development work
primarily relating to the Company's forging operations.  The Company works
closely with customers, universities and government technical agencies in
developing advanced forging materials and processes.  The Company's composites
operation conducts research and development related to aerospace composite
structures at the Mojave, California facility.  The Company expended
approximately $2.8 million on applied research and development work during
1993.  Although the Company owns patents covering certain of its processes, the
Company does not consider that these patents are of material importance to the
Company's business as a whole.  All of the Company's products are manufactured
to customer specifications and, consequently, there are no proprietary
products.

COMPETITION

         Most of the Company's production capabilities are possessed in varying
degrees by other companies in the industry, including both domestic and foreign
manufacturers.  Competition is intense among the companies currently involved
in the industry.  Competitive advantages are afforded to those with high
quality products, low cost manufacturing, excellent customer service and
delivery and engineering and production expertise.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

         The Company is subject to extensive, stringent and changing federal,
state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those regulating
the use, handling, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous substances and
the remediation of alleged environmental contamination.  Accordingly, the
Company is involved from time to time in administrative and judicial inquiries
and proceedings regarding environmental matters.  Nevertheless, the Company
believes that compliance with these laws and regulations will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company's operations as a whole.  The Company
continues to design and implement a system of programs and facilities for the
management of its raw materials, production processes and industrial waste to
promote compliance with environmental requirements.  In the fourth quarter of
1991, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $7.0 million with respect to
environmental investigation and remediation costs at the Grafton facility and a
pre-tax charge of $5.0 million against potential environmental remediation
costs upon the eventual sale of the Worcester facility.  Pursuant to an
agreement entered into with the U.S. Air Force upon the acquisition of the
Grafton facility from the federal government in 1982, the Company has agreed to
make additional expenditures of approximately $10.1 million for environmental
management and remediation projects at that site during the period 1992 through
1999, including $4.4 million for new waste water treatment facilities


                                      -7-
<PAGE>   9
to be constructed during 1993 and 1994 in accordance with an administrative
compliance order entered into with the United States Environmental Protection
Agency (the "EPA").  The Company, together with numerous other parties, has
also been alleged to be a potentially responsible party ("PRP") at the
following four federal or state superfund sites: Operating Industries, Monterey
Park, California; Cedartown Municipal Landfill, Cedartown, Georgia; PSC
Resources, Palmer, Massachusetts; and the Gemme site, Leicester, Massachusetts.
The Company believes that any liability it may incur with respect to these
sites will not be material.  In view of the relatively small number of PRP's
identified at the Gemme site, the possibility exists that the Company could
ultimately be liable for remediation costs in excess of its pro rata share of
the wastes disposed of at that site.  Preliminary engineering studies of the
potential remediation costs associated with this site estimate that such costs
could range from $0.5 million to $9.9 million depending on the levels of
toxicity ultimately found and the method or methods of remediation selected.
No allocation of liability has yet been agreed upon by the PRPs.

         The Company's Grafton, Massachusetts plant location is one of 46 sites
throughout the country included in the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission's
("NRC") May 1992 Site Decommissioning Management Plan ("SDMP") for low-level
radioactive waste.  The SDMP identifies the Company's site as a "Priority C"
(lowest priority) site.  The NRC conducted a long-range dose assessment in 1992
to determine what action, if any, it would order with respect to the site; its
draft report states that the site should be remediated.  However, the Company
believes that the NRC's draft assessment was flawed and has retained an
environmental engineering firm to challenge that draft assessment.  The Company
has submitted the environmental engineering firm's Dose Assessment Review to
the NRC for consideration but has had no response from the NRC to date.  The
Company has provided $1.5 million for the estimated cost of the remediation.
The Company believes that it may have meritorious claims for reimbursement from
the U.S. Air Force in respect of any liabilities it may have for such
remediation.


PRODUCT LIABILITY EXPOSURE

         The Company produces many critical engine and structural parts for
commercial and military aircraft.  As a result, the Company faces an inherent
business risk of exposure to product liability claims.  The Company maintains
insurance against product liability claims, but there can be no assurance that
such coverage will continue to be available on terms acceptable to the Company
or that such coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred.  The
Company has not experienced any material loss from product liability claims and
believes that its insurance coverage is adequate to protect it against any
claims to which it may be subject.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         At December 31, 1993, the Company was involved in certain legal
proceedings arising in the normal course of its business.  The Company believes
the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the
Company.

         In December 1992, the Company made a number of modifications to the
Company's retiree health plans to limit the Company's obligations thereunder.
In 1993, two separate class action suits were filed by certain retirees from
the Company's Massachusetts and Michigan facilities contesting the Company's
actions.  The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to these
lawsuits and intends to defend its actions vigorously.  The Company further
believes that the outcome of this litigation will not have a material adverse
effect on the Company.





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   10
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
         The following table set forth certain biographical information with
respect to executive officers of the Company.

<CAPTION>
         NAME                                        POSITION                                       AGE
         ----                                        --------                                       ---
<S>                                   <C>                                                            <C>
John M. Nelson...........             Chairman of the Board of Directors and                         62
                                        Chief Executive Officer

David P. Gruber..........             President, Chief Operating Officer and                         52
                                        Director

Luis E. Leon.............             Vice President - Finance and Treasurer                         41

Sanjay N. Shah...........             Vice President and Assistant General                           43
                                        Manager, Aerospace Forgings Division

Wallace F. Whitney, Jr. .             Vice President, General Counsel and Clerk                      51

Frank J. Zugel...........             Vice President, Investment Castings                            49
</TABLE>


         John M. Nelson was elected Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company in May 1991.  On the date of the Special Meeting to be held in lieu of
the 1993 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company, Mr. Nelson will
turnover his duties as Chief Executive Officer to David P. Gruber, currently
the President and Chief Operations Officer, but will continue as Chairman of
the Board of Directors.  Prior to election to his present position, he served
for many years in a series of executive positions with Norton Company, a
manufacturer of abrasives and ceramics based in Worcester, Massachusetts, and
was Norton's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1988 to 1990 and its
President and Chief Operating Officer from 1986 to 1988.  Mr. Nelson is also a
Director of Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company, Cambridge Biotechnology,
Inc., TSI Corporation, Commerce Holdings, Inc. and the TJX Companies, Inc.,
Vice President of the Worcester Art Museum and Chairman of the Worcester Area
Chamber of Commerce.

         David P. Gruber was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of
the Company in October 1991 and was elected a Director of the Company in August
1992.  Mr. Gruber will become President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company on the date of the Special Meeting to be held in lieu of the 1993
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company.  Prior to joining the Company,
Mr.  Gruber served as Vice President, Advanced Ceramics, of Compagnie de Saint
Gobain (which acquired Norton Company in 1990), a position he held with Norton
Company since 1987.  Mr. Gruber previously held various executive and technical
positions with Norton Company since 1978.

         Luis E. Leon joined the Company as Vice President-Treasurer in May
1991. In May 1993, he was elected Vice President - Finance and Treasurer.
Prior to joining the Company, he had served since 1986 as Treasurer of Milton
Roy Company, a manufacturer of fluid control products.  From 1983 to 1986 he
served as Manager of Treasury Operations of Kerr-McGee Corporation, a
diversified energy company.

         Sanjay N. Shah serves as Vice President and Assistant General Manager
of the Company's Aerospace Forgings Division.  Previously he had served as Vice
President - Operations since 1990.  He has held a number of research,
engineering and manufacturing positions at the Company since joining the
Company in 1975.

         Wallace F. Whitney, Jr. joined the Company in 1991.  Prior to that
time, he had been Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Norton
Company since 1988, where he had been employed in various legal capacities
since 1973.





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   11
         Frank J. Zugel joined the Company in June 1993 when he was elected
Vice President - General Manager, Investment Castings.  Prior to that time he
had served as President of Stainless Steel Products, Inc., a metal fabricator
for aerospace applications, since 1992 and before then as Vice President of
Pacific Scientific Company, a supplier of components to the aerospace industry,
since 1988.

         None of the executive officers has any family relationship with any
other executive officer.  All officers are elected annually.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         The response to Item 2. - Properties incorporates by reference the
paragraphs captioned "Facilities" included in Item 1. - Business.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         The response to Item 3. - Legal Proceedings incorporates by reference
the paragraphs captioned "Environmental Regulations" and "Legal Proceedings"
included in Item 1. - Business.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during
the fourth quarter of 1993.





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   12
                                    PART II



ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS

         The response to Item 5. - Market for the Registrant's Common Equity
and Related Stockholder Matters incorporates by reference the "Market and
Dividend Information" section of the Company's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The response to Item 6. - Selected Financial Data incorporates by
reference the 1989 through 1993 columns of the following lines which are
included in the "Consolidated Ten-Year Financial Review" section of the
Company's 1993 Annual Report:  revenue, total assets, long-term debt, income
(loss) from continuing operations, net income (loss) per share - continuing
operations and dividends paid (per share).  Also incorporated by reference is
the "Accounting and Tax Matters" section of the Company's 1993 Annual Report.


ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The response to Item 7. - Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations incorporates by reference the
"Management's Discussion" section of the Company's 1993 Annual Report.


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The response to Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
incorporates by reference the following sections of the Company's 1993 Annual
Report:

         Consolidated Statements of Operations and Retained Earnings

         Consolidated Balance Sheets

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         Report of Independent Auditors


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         On June 17, 1992, the Company changed its independent accountants from
Coopers & Lybrand to Ernst & Young.  Cooper & Lybrand's report for the year
ended December 31, 1991 contained no adverse opinion, disclaimer or
qualification as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.  Through
the date of dismissal, there were no disagreements between the Company and
Coopers & Lybrand on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosures, or auditing scope or procedures that if not
resolved to the satisfaction of Coopers & Lybrand would have caused such firm
to make reference thereto in connection with its reports on the financial
statements of the Company.  The Company's decision to change its independent
accountants was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of
Directors and by the full Board.





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   13
                                    PART III




ITEM 10.     DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         The information regarding executive officers is incorporated by
reference to PART I, Item 1. BUSINESS, under the caption "Executive Officers of
the Registrant."

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

         Four directors will be elected at the Special Meeting in lieu of the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Meeting") each to hold office until the
1997 annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is elected
and qualified.  All of the nominees are currently directors of the Company.
Unless authority to do so has been withheld or limited in the proxy, it is the
intention of the persons named as proxies to vote the Shares to which the proxy
relates for the election to the Board of Directors the four nominees listed
below.  The affirmative vote of a majority of the Shares of common stock, par
value $1.00 per share, of the Company ("Shares") voting at the Meeting is
required for election.

         Edouard C. Thys, a director since 1988, retired from the Company in
October 1993 and, in accordance with Company policy regarding employee
directors, no longer serves as a member of the Board of Directors.

NOMINEES FOR THREE-YEAR TERM

         The following is certain information about the directors of the
Company who are standing for reelection at the Meeting.

         Robert G. Foster, age 55, President and Director of Commonwealth
BioVentures, Inc., Worcester, Massachusetts (a venture capital company engaged
in biotechnology).  Director of the Company since 1989.  Member of the
Management Resources and Compensation Committee.  Term expires in 1994.  Mr.
Foster was President and Chairman of Ventrex Laboratories, Inc. from 1976 to
1987, when he assumed his present position.  He is also a Director of United
Timber Corp.

         Judith S. King, age 59, Community Volunteer, Personal Investments.
Director of the Company since 1990.  Member of the Audit, Directors and
Management Resources and Compensation Committees.  Term expires in 1994.  Mrs.
King is also a Trustee and Treasurer of the Stoddard Charitable Trust.

         Jon C. Strauss, age 54, President of Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
Worcester, Massachusetts.  Director of the Company since 1989.  Member of the
Audit and Finance Committees.  Term expires in 1994.  Prior to assuming his
current position in 1985, Dr.  Strauss was Chief Administrative Officer at the
University of Southern California and, before that, Chief Financial Officer at
the University of Pennsylvania.  He is a Director of Computervision
Corporation, a Regional Director of Shawmut Bank, a Trustee of the
Massachusetts Biotechnology Research Institute and a Trustee of The Medical
Center of Central Massachusetts.

         Charles A. Zraket, age 70, Adjunct Research Scholar, Kennedy School of
Government, Harvard University.  Trustee and Former President and Chief
Executive Officer of the MITRE Corporation, Bedford, Massachusetts (a
not-for-profit corporation engaged in systems engineering and research
primarily for United States government departments and agencies).  Director of
the Company since 1990.  Chairman of the Management Resources and Compensation
Committee and member of the Directors Committee.  Term expires in 1994.  Mr.
Zraket was President and Chief Executive Officer of the MITRE Corporation from
1986 to 1990 after having served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer.  He is a Director of Bank of Boston, Boston Edison Company,
Advanced Photovoltaics Systems, Inc. and Aspect Medical Systems.  Mr. Zraket
also serves as a Trustee of Northeastern University, Beth Israel Hospital and
the Hudson Institute.



                                      -12-
<PAGE>   14
CONTINUING DIRECTORS

         The following is certain information about the directors of the
Company who are continuing in office.

         E. Paul Casey, age 64, Chairman and General Partner, Metapoint
Partners, Peabody, Massachusetts (an investment partnership).  Director of the
Company since 1993.  Member of the Audit and Management Resources and
Compensation Committees.  Term expires in 1996.  Mr. Casey established
Metapoint Partners in 1988.  He served as Vice Chairman of Textron, Inc. from
1986 to 1987 and as Chief Executive Officer and President of Ex-Cell-O
Corporation during 1978 to 1986.  Mr. Casey is a Director of Comerica, Inc. and
Hood Enterprises, Inc. and is a Trustee of the Henry Ford Health Care System.

         Warner S. Fletcher, age 49, Attorney and Director of the law firm of
Fletcher, Tilton & Whipple, P.C., Worcester, Massachusetts.  Director of the
Company since 1987.  Chairman of the Finance Committee and member of the Audit
Committee.  Term expires in 1996.  Mr. Fletcher is a Director of Mechanics
Bank.  He is also Chairman of The Stoddard Charitable Trust and a Trustee of
the Fletcher Foundation, the Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology, the
Bancroft School and the Worcester Art Museum.

         M Howard Jacobson, age 60, Senior Advisor, Bankers Trust, New York.
Director of the Company since 1993.  Member of the Finance and Directors
Committees.  Term expires in 1996.  Mr. Jacobson was for many years Chief
Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and a Director of Idle Wild Foods, Inc.
until that company was sold in 1986.  From 1989 to 1991 he was a Senior Advisor
to Prudential Bache Capital Funding.  Mr. Jacobson is a Director of Allmerica
Property & Casualty Cos. Inc., Immulogic Pharmaceutical Corporation,
Stoneyfield Farm, Inc., Cyplex, and Boston Chicken, Inc.  He is Chairman of the
Board of Trustees of Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Chairman of the Board of
Directors of the Foundation of The Medical Center of Central Massachusetts, an
Overseer of WGBH/National Public Broadcasting and a Trustee of the Worcester
Foundation for Experimental Biology.

         George S. Mumford, Jr., age 65, Professor, Department of Physics and
Astronomy, Tufts University.  Director of the Company since 1968.  Chairman of
the Audit Committee and member of the Finance Committee.  Term expires in 1996.
Mr. Mumford formerly served as Dean of the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
at Tufts University.  He was President and a Director of The Manufacturers
Company until 1986, and he is a former member of the Board of Directors of the
Council of Graduate Schools in the United States and Past President of the
Northeast Association of Graduate Schools.

         Russell E. Fuller, age 67, Chairman of REFCO, INC., Boylston,
Massachusetts (a supplier of specialty industrial products).  Director of the
Company since 1988.  Chairman of the Directors Committee and member of the
Finance Committee.  Term expires in 1995.  Mr. Fuller is Chairman and Treasurer
of The George F. and Sybil H. Fuller Foundation and a Trustee of The Medical
Center of Central Massachusetts.  He is also a Trustee of the Massachusetts
Biotechnology Research Institute and the Worcester County Horticultural
Society.

         John M. Nelson, age 62, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company.  Director of the Company since 1991.  Member (ex officio) of the
Audit, Finance and Directors Committees.  Term expires in 1995.  Mr. Nelson
will become Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company on the date of
the Meeting.  He was elected to his present position in May 1991.  Prior to
that time, he served for many years in a series of executive positions with
Norton Company (a manufacturer of abrasives and ceramics) and was that
company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1988 to 1990 and its
President and Chief Operating Officer from 1986 to 1988.  Mr. Nelson is also a
Director of Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company, Cambridge Biotechnology,
Inc., TSI Corporation, Commerce Holdings, Inc. and the TJX Companies, Inc.  He
is also President of the Greater Worcester Community Foundation, Vice President
of the Worcester Art Museum and Chairman of the Worcester Area Chamber of
Commerce.  At the time of his election to his present position, Mr. Nelson and
the Company entered into an agreement that provides for a five-year term of
employment, defined pension benefits upon completion of such term and certain
other employee benefits.  The agreement also provides
                                      -13-
<PAGE>   15
for accelerated vesting of stock options and pension benefits and continuation
of employee benefits in the event of termination of his employment under
specified conditions.

         David P. Gruber, age 52, President and Chief Operating Officer of the
Company.  Director of the Company since 1992.  Term expires in 1995.  In
addition to retaining his present office as President of the Company, Mr.
Gruber will become Chief Executive Officer of the Company on the date of the
Meeting.  He was elected to his current position in October 1991.  He was
previously employed by Norton Company since 1978 and served as its Vice
President, Advanced Ceramics from 1987 to 1991 and Vice President- Coated
Abrasives from 1986 to 1987.

         Mr. Fletcher and Mrs. King are cousins.  None of the other Directors
has any family relationships.


ITEM 11.     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

         The Board of Directors held nine meetings during 1993.  Non-employee
directors of the Company received annual remuneration of $10,000 for their
services plus a fee of $600 for each Board meeting attended.  Those
non-employee directors who are also members of the Audit, Finance, Management
Resources and Compensation or Directors Committees of the Board receive
additional compensation of $600 for each Committee meeting attended.  Each
director attended at least seventy-five percent of the total number of Board
and Committee meetings held while he or she served as a director or member of a
Committee.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

    OVERALL POLICY

         The Management Resources and Compensation Committee (the "Committee")
of the Board of Directors is composed entirely of independent outside
directors.  The Committee is responsible for setting and administering the
policies which govern the Company's executive compensation and stock ownership
programs.

         The Company's executive compensation program is designed to be closely
linked to corporate performance and return to stockholders.  To this end, the
Company maintains an overall compensation policy and specific compensation
plans that tie a significant portion of executive compensation to the Company's
success in meeting specified annual performance goals and to appreciation in
the price of Shares.  To overall objectives of this strategy are to attract and
retain talented executives, to motivate those executives to achieve the goals
inherent in the Company's business strategy, to link executive and stockholder
interests through equity based incentive plans and, finally, to provide a
compensation package that recognizes individual contributions as well as
overall business results.

         The Committee approves the compensation of John M. Nelson, the
Company's Chief Executive Officer, and Messrs. Gruber, Leon and Whitney, the
three corporate executives who report directly to Mr. Nelson.  Each of these
officers' compensation is detailed below.  The Committee also sets policies in
order to ensure consistency throughout the executive compensation program. In
reviewing the individual performance of the executives whose compensation is
determined by the Committee (other than Mr. Nelson), the Committee takes into
account Mr. Nelson's evaluation of their performance.





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   16
         There are three principal elements of the Company's executive
compensation program: base salary, annual bonus and stock options.  The
Committee's policies with respect to each of these elements, including the
bases for the compensation awarded to Mr.  Nelson, are discussed below.  In
addition, while the elements of compensation described below are considered
separately, the Committee takes into account the full compensation package
provided by the Company to the individual, including pension benefits,
supplemental retirement benefits, savings plans, severance plans, insurance and
other benefits, as well as the programs described below.  The Committee did not
rely on compensation surveys or the services of consultants in making its
determinations regarding compensation amounts or the relative proportions of
fixed and variable compensation; rather its decision was based on its own
judgment as to the most efficient manner of achieving the Company's
compensation objective specified above.

    BASE SALARIES

         Base salaries for new executive officers are initially determined by
evaluating the responsibilities of the position held and the experience of the
individual, taking into account the competitive marketplace.

         Annual salary adjustments are determined by evaluating the performance
of the Company and of each executive officer, and also take into account
changed responsibilities.  The Committee, where appropriate, also considers
non-financial performance measures such as increase in market share,
manufacturing efficiency gains, improvements in product quality and
improvements in relations with customers, suppliers and employees.

         Mr. Nelson serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant
to a May 21, 1991 employment agreement.  Mr. Nelson's employment agreement
calls for the payment of an annual base salary of $300,000 during his service
as the Company's Chief Executive Officer.  In determining Mr. Nelson's base
salary, the Committee took into account a comparison of base salaries of chief
executive officers of other companies, the Company's financial situation and
Mr. Nelson's experience as chief executive officer of a Fortune 500 company.
Mr. Nelson's base salary is approximately 35% lower than that of his
predecessor.  Pursuant to his employment agreement, the Committee granted Mr.
Nelson an option in 1991 to purchase 300,000 Shares at a price of $6.625 per
Share.  This mix of compensation was determined by the Committee based on its
philosophy that executive compensation should be variable as much as possible.

    ANNUAL BONUS

         The Company maintains a Management Incentive Plan ("MIP") under which
executive officers (as well as other key employees) are eligible for an annual
cash bonus.  The Committee establishes individual and corporate performance
objectives at the beginning of each year.  Eligible executives are assigned
threshold, target and maximum bonus levels.  The Committee determines the
corporate performance targets for bonus payments based on the corporate
financial plan for the ensuing year and may use such measures as operating
income and cash generation.  If minimum objectives are not met, no bonuses are
paid.  As in the case of base salary, the Committee may consider individual
non-financial performance measures and, where appropriate, unit performance
measures, in determining bonus amounts.  The Committee has final authority in
interpreting the MIP and discretion in making any awards under the MIP.

         In 1993, as in 1992, the Committee determined that in view of the
Company's financial condition, it would be inappropriate to adopt a bonus plan
under the MIP and thus no bonuses have been or will be paid under the MIP for
1993 performance.

    At the recommendation of Mr. Nelson, the Committee authorized the grant of
special bonuses in 1993 to Messrs. Gruber, Leon and Whitney to recognize their
efforts in successfully refinancing the Company's debt in adverse circumstances
during the year.  Such bonuses were granted apart from the operation of the MIP
and are reported in the Summary Compensation Table following this report.



                                      -15-
<PAGE>   17
    STOCK OPTIONS

         Under the Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan, options with respect to
Shares may be granted to the Company's key employees, including executive
officers.  The Committee sets guidelines for the size of stock option awards
based on factors similar to those used to determine base salaries and annual
bonus.

         Stock options are designed to align the interests of executives with
those of the shareholders.  Stock options may be exercised over a ten-year
period at an exercise price equal to the market price of the Shares on the date
of grant and vest over three years.  This approach is designed to provide an
incentive for the creation of shareholder value over the long-term since the
full benefit of the compensation package cannot be realized unless appreciation
of the price of Shares occurs over a number of years.  In 1993 the Committee
granted options to a total of 48 key employees; the Committee believes that
broad dissemination of options within the Company enhances the benefits to the
Company of stock-based incentives.

         In 1993, Mr. Nelson was granted options to purchase 25,000 Shares with
an exercise price of $5.125 per Share and now has options to purchase a total
of 375,000 Shares.  The 1993 grant was made to further the Committee's view
that executive compensation ought to be dependent in large measure on the
performance of the Company and the Shares.  Mr. Nelson now beneficially owns
52,000 Shares that he purchased on the open market since he became Chief
Executive Officer.  The Committee believes that significant equity interests in
the Company held by the Company's management better align the interests of
shareholders and management.

    CONCLUSION

         Through the incentive and stock option programs described above, a
significant portion of the Company's executive compensation is linked directly
to individual and corporate performances and stock price appreciation.  The
Committee intends to continue the policy of linking executive compensation to
corporate performance and returns to stockholders, recognizing that the ups and
downs of the business cycle from time to time may result in an imbalance for a
particular period.

                                               Charles A. Zraket, Chairman
                                               E. Paul Casey
                                               Robert G. Foster
                                               Judith S. King


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    The remuneration of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and each of the
four most highly compensated executive officers at December 31, 1993 for
services rendered to the Company during 1993, 1992 and 1991 is reported in the
table set forth below.  The remuneration of Edouard C. Thys, who retired from
the Company in October 1993, is also reported.

<TABLE>
                                              SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

<CAPTION>
                                                                                    LONG-TERM
                                           ANNUAL COMPENSATION                     COMPENSATION
                                           -------------------                ---------------------
                                                                              NUMBER      ALL OTHER
    NAME AND                                                                    OF        COMPENSA-
PRINCIPAL POSITION                  YEAR      SALARY           BONUS          OPTIONS      TION(1)
- - ------------------                  ----      ------           -----          -------     ----------
<S>                                 <C>      <C>              <C>              <C>         <C>
John M. Nelson                      1993     $300,000                           25,000     $ 4,440
Chairman and Chief                  1992      300,000                           50,000      11,934
  Executive Officer                 1991      163,731(2)                       300,000       6,224

David P. Gruber                     1993      200,000         $50,000           50,000       9,124
President and Chief                 1992      200,000                           45,000       3,168
  Operating Officer                 1991       50,000(2)                       100,000         793
</TABLE>




                                      -16-
<PAGE>   18

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   LONG-TERM
                                           ANNUAL COMPENSATION                    COMPENSATION
                                           -------------------                 ---------------------
                                                                               NUMBER      ALL OTHER
    NAME AND                                                                     OF        COMPENSA-
PRINCIPAL POSITION                  YEAR     SALARY           BONUS            OPTIONS      TION(1)
- - ------------------                  ----     ------           -----            -------     ---------
<S>                                 <C>      <C>              <C>               <C>        <C>
Luis E. Leon                        1993     $150,000         $40,000            6,000     $ 7,143
Vice President,                     1992      150,000                           31,000       5,068
  Finance and Treasurer             1991       96,154(2)       45,000(3)        50,000      30,949

Wallace F.  Whitney, Jr.            1993      144,000          30,000            6,000       6,494
Vice President, General             1992      144,000                           31,000       1,329
  Counsel and Clerk                 1991       79,749(2)                        50,000         711

Sanjay N. Shah                      1993      135,204                            6,000       5,522
Vice President,                     1992      116,434                           21,000         611
  Assistant General                 1991      107,195                           50,000       1,244
  Manager, Forgings
  Division

Edouard C. Thys                     1993      127,379          17,178(4)                     4,936
Group Vice President,               1992      158,949          17,441(4)         2,818       4,532
  Wyman-Gordon                      1991      160,492          22,832(4)         4,090       4,532
  Investment Castings,
  Inc.

<FN>
(1)      Consists of Company contributions to the Savings/Investment Plan
         described elsewhere in this report, group term life insurance premiums
         and, in the case of Mr. Leon in 1991, moving expense reimbursement and
         related income tax gross-up.
(2)      Salary stated represents payment for remainder of the year after
         becoming employed by the Company.
(3)      Mr. Leon's 1991 bonus was paid pursuant to contractual arrangements
         entered into at the time of his employment.
(4)      Mr. Thys' bonuses were paid pursuant to a profit-sharing plan covering
         all employees of Wyman-Gordon Investment Castings, Inc.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
         The table below presents information with respect to stock options
("Options") granted during 1993 to the Chief Executive Officer and those
executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table who received Options
pursuant to the terms of the 1991 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Option Plan").
No options were granted to Mr. Thys in 1993.  No stock appreciation rights
("SARs") are attached to the Options granted in 1993.

                             OPTION GRANTS IN 1993

<CAPTION>
                                         %
                                      OF TOTAL                                  POTENTIAL REALIZABLE
                                       OPTIONS                                       VALUE AT
                                      GRANTED TO                                   ASSUMED ANNUAL
                          NUMBER      EMPLOYEES                                    RATE OF STOCK
                            OF           IN          EXERCISE       EXPIRA-      PRICE APPRECIATION
                          OPTIONS      FISCAL        PRICE(PER       TION         FOR OPTION TERM
    NAME                  GRANTED       YEAR         SHARE)(1)       DATE         5%           10%
    ----                  -------     ----------     ---------      -------    --------      --------
<S>                       <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>
J.M. Nelson               25,000         8.8          $5.125      10/19/03     $ 80,577      $204,198
D.P. Gruber               50,000        17.5           5.125      10/19/03      161,154       408,397
L.E. Leon                  6,000         2.1           5.125      10/19/03       19,339        49,008
W.F. Whitney, Jr.          6,000         2.1           5.125      10/19/03       19,339        49,008
S.N. Shah                  6,000         2.1           5.125      10/19/03       19,339        49,008

<FN>
(1)      Exercise price of each option grant was equal to the market price of
         the Shares on the date of grant.
</TABLE>




                                                        -17-
<PAGE>   19

<TABLE>
         The following table relates to aggregate grants of Options and SARs
under the Option Plan and the 1975 Executive Long-Term Incentive Program, which
expired on December 31, 1992 and under which no additional grants may be made.

                    AGGREGATED OPTION/SAR EXERCISES IN 1993
                         AND 12/31/93 OPTION/SAR VALUES


<CAPTION>
                                                                                       VALUE OF
                                                              NUMBER OF               UNEXERCISED
                                                             UNEXERCISED              IN-THE-MONEY
                            NUMBER                           OPTIONS/SARS             OPTIONS/SARS
                           OF SHARES                         AT 12/31/93             AT 12/31/93(1)
                           ACQUIRED            VALUE         (EXERCISABLE/            (EXERCISABLE/
   NAME                   ON EXERCISE         REALIZED      UNEXERCISABLE)           UNEXERCISABLE)
   ----                   -----------         --------      --------------           --------------
<S>                            <C>               <C>        <C>                      <C>
J.M. Nelson                    -                 -          216,667/158,333          $     -/-
D.P. Gruber                    -                 -           81,667/113,333           58,334/29,333
L.E. Leon                      -                 -            43,666/43,334           23,333/11,734
W.F. Whitney, Jr.              -                 -            43,666/43,334           29,333/14,667
S.N. Shah                      -                 -            49,798/36,667           29,333/14,667
E.C. Thys                      -                 -              6,994/7,418             2,340/1,199

<FN>
(1)      The value of an SAR attached to an Option granted prior to 1992 is
         equal to 80% of the excess of the fair market value of a Share on the
         date of exercise over the exercise price of such Option.
</TABLE>

PENSION BENEFITS

         All salaried employees and executive officers of the Company
participate in a defined benefit pension plan (the "Pension Plan").  Under the
terms of the Pension Plan each eligible employee receives a retirement benefit
based on the number of years of his or her credited service (to a maximum 35
years) and average annual total earnings (salary plus incentive bonus only) for
the five consecutive most highly paid years during the ten years preceding
retirement.  In addition, with the exception of Messrs.  Nelson and Thys, the
executive officers covered by the Summary Compensation Table and certain other
key executives designated by the Committee are eligible to receive benefits
under the Supplemental Retirement Plan for Senior Executives (the "Supplemental
Pension Plan").  Under the Supplemental Pension Plan, participants who have
been employed by the Company for at least 15 years and who retire on or after
their 62nd birthday receive an annual pension which, when added to other
retirement benefits received from the Company, totals 50% of their highest
average annual earnings during any preceding 60-consecutive-month period.  This
supplemental benefit is reduced if the participant has been employed for less
than 15 years or retires prior to age 62 and may be further reduced by certain
other income benefits payable to participants.  Benefits under the Pension Plan
are not offset for Social Security payments but Supplemental Pension Plan
benefits are offset for such payments.  If the Committee so determines,
payments under the Supplemental Pension Plan may be terminated if a retired
participant becomes "substantively employed," as defined in the Supplemental
Pension Plan, by another employer before age 65.  The following table indicates
the aggregate estimated annual benefits payable, as single life annuity
amounts, under both the Pension Plan and the Supplemental Pension Plan to
participants retiring in various categories of earnings and years of service.
To the extent that an annual retirement benefit exceeds the limit imposed by
the Code, the difference will be paid from the general operating funds of the
Company.

         As of December 31, 1993, the individuals named in the Summary
Compensation Table had full credited years of service with the Company as
follows:  Mr. Nelson, 2; Mr. Gruber, 2; Mr. Leon, 2; Mr. Whitney, 2; Mr. Shah,
18; and Mr. Thys, 35.





                                      -18-
<PAGE>   20
<TABLE>
                                      PENSION BENEFITS

<CAPTION>
                                                    YEARS OF SERVICE
                               --------------------------------------------------------------
REMUNERATION                      10                16                 25               38
- - ------------                   --------          --------           --------         --------
  <S>                          <C>               <C>                <C>              <C>
  $125,000                     $ 50,000          $ 62,500           $ 62,500         $ 62,500
   150,000                       60,000            75,000             75,000           75,000
   175,000                       70,000            87,500             87,500           87,500
   200,000                       80,000           100,000            100,000          100,118
   225,000                       90,000           112,500            112,500          113,243
   250,000                      100,000           125,000            125,000          126,368
   300,000                      120,000           150,000            150,000          152,618
   400,000                      160,000           200,000            200,000          205,118
</TABLE>


SAVINGS/INVESTMENT PLAN

           All full-time salaried employees with at least one year's service
with the Company may participate in the Savings/Investment Plan (the "S/I
Plan").  Participating employees may through payroll deductions make a basic
contribution of up to five percent of their covered compensation and a
supplemental contribution of up to an additional ten percent of their covered
compensation.  The Company currently contributes an amount equal to 50% of
participant's basic contribution.  The Company's contributions are made in the
form of Shares.  The right of a participant with less than five years of
Company service to such Company contributions vests at the rate of 20% per
year.  Supplemental employee contributions beyond the five percent limit, when
made, receive no matching Company contributions.

           The S/I Plan allows participants to take advantage of Section 401(k)
of the Internal Revenue Code by realizing a federal income tax deferral through
a voluntary salary reduction and equivalent contribution by the Company to the
participant's special S/I Plan account for that purpose.  Such tax-deferred
savings are not available for withdrawal by an employee before age 59 1/2
except in circumstances of financial hardship.  A participant may elect
deductions for regular savings and tax-deferred savings in any combination not
exceeding fifteen percent of the participant's covered compensation, provided,
however, that tax-deferred savings may not exceed $9,240 in 1994.

           Participants currently have a choice of six investment funds and may
allocate both their personal and Company contributions and earnings as they
wish among them.  They include Income Accumulation, Growth Stock, S&P 500
Stock, U.S. Treasury and Asset Allocation Funds and a Wyman-Gordon Stock Fund
that invests primarily in Shares.  A participant retiring under a Company
retirement income plan may elect among several methods of distribution of his
S/I Plan account.

           The S/I Plan is administered by the Savings/Investment Plan
Committee, whose members are appointed by the Chief Executive Officer.

AGREEMENTS WITH MANAGEMENT

           In addition to the employment agreement with John M. Nelson
described in "- Compensation Committee Report - Base Salaries," the Company has
entered into agreements with each of its executive officers, other than Messrs.
Nelson and Thys, that would provide such officers with specified benefits in
the event of termination of employment within three years following a change of
control of the Company when both employment termination and such change in
control occur under conditions defined in the agreements.  Such benefits
include a payment equal to a maximum of 250% of the executive officer's annual
compensation, continuation of insurance coverages for up to twenty-four months
following termination and accelerated vesting of existing options and stock
appreciation rights.  No benefits are payable under the agreements in the event
of an executive officer's termination for cause, in the event of retirement,
disability or death or in cases of voluntary termination in circumstances other
than those specified in the agreements that would entitle an executive officer
to benefits.



                                      -19-
<PAGE>   21
ITEM 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

           The response to Item 12. - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management incorporates by reference the information under the
caption "Executive Compensation" included in the Company's response to Item 11
above.


<TABLE>
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SHARES

           The following table shows as of March 28, 1994 information with
respect to holdings of Shares by shareholders beneficially owning 5% or more of
all outstanding Shares and the Company's directors and executive officers. As
of March 28, 1994, there were 18,025,718 Shares outstanding.  The Shares are
the only class of the Company's stock outstanding.


<CAPTION>
                                                  SHARES
NAME AND ADDRESS OF                            BENEFICIALLY         EXERCISABLE          PERCENT
BENEFICIAL OWNERS(1)                              OWNED               OPTIONS           OF CLASS(2)
- - --------------------                           ------------         -----------         -----------
<S>                                               <C>                   <C>                <C>
The Stoddard Charitable Trust(3)                  1,665,080                                 9.2%
340 Main Street
Worcester, MA  01608

George F. & Sybil H. Fuller                       3,369,344                                18.7%
  Foundation(5)
730 Main Street
P.O. Box 252
Boylston, MA  01505

Directors & Officers:
  E. Paul Casey                                       5,000
  Warner S. Fletcher(3)(4)                        2,736,524                                15.2%
  Robert G. Foster                                      200
  Russell E. Fuller(5)                            3,374,344                                18.7%
  David P. Gruber                                       984              81,667
  M Howard Jacobson                                   1,000
  Judith S. King(3)                               2,139,629                                11.9%
  Luis E. Leon                                        2,801              43,666
  George S. Mumford, Jr.                             88,904
  John M. Nelson                                     52,000             216,667
  Sanjay N. Shah                                      1,708              49,798
  Jon C. Strauss                                      1,200
  Edouard C. Thys(6)                                 34,582               6,994
  Wallace F. Whitney, Jr.                             1,549              43,666
  Charles A. Zraket                                   6,000
  All directors and executive
    officers as a group                           6,603,161             445,140            39.2%
_____________
<FN>
(1)   The address of all directors and executive officers is Wyman-Gordon
      Company, 244 Worcester Street, North Grafton, MA  01536.

(2)   Unless otherwise indicated, less than one percent; includes exercisable
      options.

(3)   Warner S. Fletcher and Judith S. King are two of the five trustees of The
      Stoddard Charitable Trust (the "Stoddard Trust") and the Shares
      beneficially owned by the Stoddard Trust are therefore reported in the
      above table.  Mr. Fletcher and Mrs. King disclaim any beneficial interest
      in the Shares beneficially owned by the Stoddard Trust.

(4)   Mr. Fletcher is a trustee of the Fletcher Foundation, which holds 378,350
      Shares and of other trusts that hold 179,880 Shares for the benefit of
      Judith S. King and her sister, who are his cousins, and the Shares
      beneficially owned by the Fletcher Foundation and by such trusts are
      therefore reported in the above table.  Mr. Fletcher disclaims beneficial
      ownership of such Shares.
</TABLE>


                                      -20-
<PAGE>   22
[FN]
(5)   Russell E. Fuller is one of seven trustees of the George F. and Sybil H.
      Fuller Foundation (the "Fuller Foundation") and the Shares beneficially
      owned by the Fuller Foundation are therefore reported in the above table.
      Mr. Fuller disclaims any beneficial ownership in the Shares beneficially
      owned by the Foundation.

(6)   Mr. Thys has retired from the Company and is no longer a director.



ITEM 13.       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      The response to Item 13. - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
incorporates by reference the information under the captions  "Nominees for
Three-Year Term" and "Continuing Directors" included in the Company's response
to Item 10 above and the information under the captions  "Compensation
Committee Report" and "Agreements with Management" included in the Company's
response to Item 11 above.





                                      -21-
<PAGE>   23
                                    PART IV




ITEM 14.       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

EXHIBITS

      The exhibit listing required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K is included on
page E-1.


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The following financial statements, together with the report thereon of
Ernst & Young dated February 11, 1994 appearing in the 1993 Annual Report are
incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K:

      Consolidated Statements of Operations and Retained Earnings

      Consolidated Balance Sheets

      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


<TABLE>
SCHEDULES

      The following additional financial data should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements in the 1993 Annual Report.
Schedules other than those listed below have been omitted because they are
inapplicable or are not required.

<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                        ----
     <S>   <C>  <C>                                                                      <C>
        V  -    Property, Plant and Equipment                                            S-1

       VI  -    Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and
                Amortization of Property, Plant and Equipment                            S-2

     VIII  -    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                                        S-3

       IX  -    Short-term Borrowings                                                    S-4

        X  -    Supplementary Income Statement Information                               S-4
</TABLE>


REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

         No reports on Form 8-K were filed with the Commission during the
fourth quarter of 1993.





                                      -22-
<PAGE>   24
                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


         We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report
(Form 10-K) of Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries of our report dated
February 11, 1994, included in the 1993 Annual Report.

         Our audits also included the financial statement schedules of
Wyman-Gordon Company listed in Item 14.  These schedules are the responsibility
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion based
on our audits.  In our opinion, the financial statement schedules referred to
above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a
whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.

         We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements (Form S-8, File Numbers 2-56547, 2-75980, 33-26980 and 33-48068)
pertaining to the Wyman-Gordon Company Executive Long-Term Incentive Program
(1975) - Amendment No. 6, the Wyman-Gordon Company Stock Purchase Plan, the
Wyman-Gordon Company Savings/Investment Plan and the Wyman-Gordon Company
Long-Term Incentive Plan and in the related Prospectuses of our report dated
February 11, 1994, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries incorporated by reference in the Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992.


Worcester, Massachusetts                                        ERNST & YOUNG
March 28, 1994





                                      -23-
<PAGE>   25
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


         Our report on the consolidated financial statements of Wyman-Gordon
Company and Subsidiaries has been incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K
from page 18 of the 1991 Annual Report to Shareholders of Wyman-Gordon Company.
In connection with our audits of such financial statements, we have also
audited the related financial statement schedules listed in Item 14 on page 22
of this Form 10-K.

         In our opinion, the financial statement schedules referred to above,
when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly in all material respects, the information required to be
included therein.


Boston, Massachusetts                                         COOPERS & LYBRAND 
February 19, 1992



                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


         We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration
statements of Wyman-Gordon Company on Forms S-8 (File Numbers 2-56547, 2-75980,
33-26980 and 33-48068) of our report dated February 19, 1992, on our audit of
the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules of
Wyman-Gordon Company as of December 31, 1991, and for the year then ended,
which report is included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


Boston, Massachusetts                                         COOPERS & LYBRAND
March 28, 1994





                                      -24-
<PAGE>   26
                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                              Wyman-Gordon Company
                                  (REGISTRANT)


                     By           /s/ LUIS E. LEON                March 30, 1994
                        ---------------------------------------   --------------
                                      Luis E. Leon                     Date
                         Vice President - Finance and Treasurer


<TABLE>
         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


<S>                                              <C>                                             <C>
     /s/ JOHN M. NELSON                              Chief Executive Officer                     March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                      and Chairman of the                        --------------
         John M. Nelson                                Board of Directors                             Date
                                                    

     /s/ DAVID P. GRUBER                            President, Chief Operating                   March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                       Officer and Director                      --------------
         David P. Gruber                                                                              Date


     /s/ LUIS E. LEON                               Vice President, Finance and                  March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                 Treasurer and Principal Financial               --------------
         Luis E. Leon                                        Officer                                  Date 
                                                         

     /s/ JEFFREY B. LAVIN                          Manager, Corporate Accounting                  March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                 and Principal Accounting Officer                 --------------
         Jeffrey B. Lavin                                                                             Date
 

      /s/ E. PAUL CASEY                                    Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
          E. Paul Casey                                                                               Date


     /s/ WARNER S. FLETCHER                                Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         Warner S. Fletcher                                                                           Date


     /s/ ROBERT G. FOSTER                                  Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         Robert G. Foster                                                                             Date


     /s/ RUSSELL E. FULLER                                 Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         Russell E. Fuller                                                                            Date

     /s/ M HOWARD JACOBSON                                 Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         M Howard Jacobson                                                                            Date


     /s/ JUDITH S. KING                                    Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
        Judith S. King                                                                                Date


     /s/ GEORGE S. MUMFORD, JR.                            Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         George S. Mumford, Jr.                                                                       Date


     /s/ JON C. STRAUSS                                    Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         Jon C. Strauss                                                                               Date


     /s/ CHARLES A. ZRAKET                                 Director                               March 30, 1994
- - --------------------------------                                                                  --------------
         Charles A. Zraket                                                                            Date
</TABLE>


                                                 -25-
<PAGE>   27
<TABLE>
                     WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                (000's omitted)


<CAPTION>
                                    BALANCE AT
                                    BEGINNING                                       OTHER           BALANCE
                                       OF                        RETIRE-           CHANGES          AT CLOSE
     DESCRIPTION                     PERIOD      ADDITIONS       MENTS            ADD(DEDUCT)       OF PERIOD
     -----------                    ----------   ---------       -------          -----------       ---------
                                                                       1993
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>                 <C> 
Land                                $  2,463     $      -       $      -       $       -           $  2,463
Land Improvements                      2,930            4              -               -              2,934
Buildings                             63,696        2,652              -          (1,182)(2)         65,166
Machinery & Equipment                244,189       10,050          3,791            (286)(1)        246,311
                                                                                  (3,851)(2)
Construction in Progress               8,746        1,160              -          (1,361)(1)          8,545
                                    --------     --------       --------       ---------           --------
                                    $322,024     $ 13,866       $  3,791       $  (6,680)          $325,419
                                    ========     ========       ========       =========           ========


                                                                       1992
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Land                                $  2,463     $      -       $      -       $       -           $  2,463
Land Improvements                      2,930            -              -               -              2,930
Buildings                             62,562        1,492            358               -             63,696
Machinery & Equipment                256,713        9,812         22,520             184 (1)        244,189
Construction in Progress              10,642         (148)             -          (1,748)(1)          8,746
                                    --------     --------       --------       ---------           --------
                                    $335,310     $ 11,156       $ 22,878       $  (1,564)          $322,024
                                    ========     ========       ========       =========           ========


                                                                       1991
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Land                                $  3,863     $      -       $    195       $    (974)(1)       $  2,463
                                                                                    (231)(2)
Land Improvements                      3,851           10              -             (32)(1)          2,930
                                                                                    (899)(2)
Buildings                             80,616        1,620            663         (10,130)(1)         62,562
                                                                                  (8,881)(2)
Machinery & Equipment                345,633        8,612          3,727         (23,450)(1)        256,713
                                                                                 (70,355)(2)
Construction in Progress              14,651          (50)             -          (3,801)(1)         10,642
                                                                                    (158)(2)
                                    --------     --------       --------       ---------           --------
                                    $448,614     $ 10,192       $  4,585       $(118,911)          $335,310
                                    ========     ========       ========       =========           ========


Depreciation and amortization methods and useful lives are included in Note A
to the 1993 Annual Report (Summary of significant accounting policies).
<FN>
(1)      Represents the disposal and write-down of non-productive assets to
         their estimated net realizable value and the sale of certain assets in
         connection with the restructuring of the Company's operations.

(2)      Disposals related to the sale of the Danville, Illinois operation,
         Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc.  and liquidation of the Jackson,
         Michigan operation.
</TABLE>





                                      S-1
<PAGE>   28
<TABLE>
                     WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

       SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION
                        OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                (000's omitted)


<CAPTION>
                                    BALANCE AT
                                    BEGINNING                                      OTHER            BALANCE
                                       OF                         RETIRE-         CHANGES           AT CLOSE
      DESCRIPTION                    PERIOD       ADDITIONS       MENTS          ADD(DEDUCT)        OF PERIOD
      -----------                   ----------    ---------       -------        -----------        ---------

                                                                       1993
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>                 <C> 
Land                                $     99     $      -       $      -       $       -           $     99
Land Improvements                      2,111          106              -               -              2,217
Buildings                             41,355        2,157              -          (1,131)(2)         42,381
Machinery & Equipment                175,779       12,158          3,444          (2,115)(2)        182,378
                                    --------     --------       --------       ---------           --------
                                    $219,344     $ 14,421       $  3,444       $  (3,246)          $227,075
                                    ========     ========       ========       =========           ========

                                                                       1992

Land                                $     99     $      -       $      -       $       -           $     99
Land Improvements                      1,994          117              -               -              2,111
Buildings                             39,407        2,185            237               -             41,355
Machinery & Equipment                183,410       12,357         19,835            (153)(1)        175,779
                                    --------     --------       --------       ---------           --------
                                    $224,910     $ 14,659       $ 20,072       $    (153)          $219,344
                                    ========     ========       ========       =========           ========


                                                                  1991

Land                                $     99     $      -       $      -       $       -           $     99
Land Improvements                      2,437          176              -            (619)(2)          1,994
Buildings                             39,224        3,537            217          (3,137)(2)         39,407
Machinery & Equipment                220,763       20,483          2,356            (322)(1)        183,410
                                                                                 (55,158)(2)
                                    --------     --------       --------       ---------           --------
                                    $262,523     $ 24,196       $  2,573       $ (59,236)          $224,910
                                    ========     ========       ========       =========           ========


Depreciation and amortization methods and useful lives are included in Note A
to the 1993 Annual Report (Summary of significant accounting policies).
<FN>
(1)      Represents the disposal and write-down of non-productive assets to
         their estimated net realizable value in connection with the
         restructuring of the Company's operations.

(2)      Disposals related to the sale of the Danville, Illinois operation,
         Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. and liquidation of the Jackson, Michigan
         operation.

</TABLE>




                                      S-2
<PAGE>   29
<TABLE>
                     WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

               SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                (000's omitted)


                                                                    ADDITIONS

<CAPTION>
                              BALANCE AT                        CHARGED
                              BEGINNING       CHARGED TO        TO OTHER                            BALANCE
                                 OF           COSTS AND         ACCOUNTS        DEDUCTIONS-         AT END
DESCRIPTION                    PERIOD          EXPENSES         DESCRIBE         DESCRIBE          OF PERIOD
- - -----------                   ----------      ----------        --------        -----------        ---------


                                                                   1993
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>
Accumulated
Amortization of
Goodwill                         $6,482          $1,148                 -               -         $ 7,630
                                 ======          ======           =======         =======         ======= 


                                                                   1992
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accumulated
Amortization of
Goodwill                         $5,266          $1,216                 -               -         $ 6,482
                                 ======          ======           =======         =======         ======= 


                                                                   1991
                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accumulated
Amortization of
Goodwill                         $4,143          $1,123                 -               -         $ 5,266
                                 ======          ======           =======         =======         ======= 
</TABLE>





                                                S-3
   
<PAGE>   30

<TABLE>
                     WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      SCHEDULE IX - SHORT TERM BORROWINGS

                                (000's omitted)



<CAPTION>
                                                              MAXIMUM            AVERAGE           WEIGHTED
 CATEGORY OF               BALANCE         WEIGHTED           AMOUNT             AMOUNT            AVERAGE
  AGGREGATE                  AT            AVERAGE          OUTSTANDING        OUTSTANDING         INTEREST
 SHORT-TERM                END OF          INTEREST           DURING             DURING           RATE DURING
 BORROWINGS                PERIOD            RATE           THE PERIOD         THE PERIOD         THE PERIOD
- - -----------                -------         --------         -----------        -----------        -----------

                                                              1993                           
                            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>             <C>               <C>                <C>               <C>
None                              -               -                 -                  -                  -
                            =======         =======           =======            =======            =======         


                                                              1992                           
                            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bank Loans                        -               -           $33,000            $ 9,333              10.0%
                            =======         =======           =======            =======            =======         



                                                              1991                           
                            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commercial Paper                  -               -           $31,375            $ 9,473                8.6%
                            =======         =======           =======            =======            =======         


Bank Loans                  $26,500            10.7%          $41,000            $23,857                9.2%
                            =======         =======           =======            =======            =======         

</TABLE>



         Commercial paper represents paper sold by Wyman-Gordon Company.  Bank
loans are evidenced by renewable 90-day notes bearing interest at money market
rates.  The maximum and average amounts outstanding during the period were
computed using month-end balances.  The weighted average interest rates during
1992 and 1991 were calculated based upon the weighted average interest cost of
borrowings throughout the year.  Additional information is included in Note C
to the 1993 Annual Report.


<TABLE>

            SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION


<CAPTION>
                                                           CHARGED TO COSTS
             ITEM                                            AND EXPENSES
                                                           (000's omitted)
                                     1993                       1992                    1991
                                     ----                       ----                    ----
<S>                                 <C>                       <C>                      <C>
Maintenance and repairs             $12,374                   $15,021                  $20,233
                                    =======                   =======                  =======
</TABLE>





                                                     S-4
  
<PAGE>   31
<TABLE>
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                                               PAGE
- - -------                                                                                               ----
  <S>          <C><C>                                                                                 <C>
  3A           -  Articles of Organization of Wyman-Gordon Company, as                                E-3
                  amended through October 25, 1989.

  3B           -  Bylaws of Wyman-Gordon Company, as amended through                                  E-4
                  December 15, 1993.

  4A           -  Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of                                    -
                  January 10, 1994 between the Company and State Street
                  Bank & Trust Company, as Rights Agent - incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Company's Report on
                  Form 8-A/A dated January 21, 1994.

  4B           -  Indenture dated as of March 16, 1993 among Wyman-Gordon                               -
                  Company, its Subsidiaries and State Street Bank and
                  Trust Company as Trustee with respect to Wyman-Gordon
                  Company's 10.75% Senior Notes due 2003 - incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit 4C to the Company's Report on
                  Form-10K for the year ended December 31, 1992.

  4C           -  Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term                               -
                  debt are omitted pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(iii) of
                  Regulation S-K Item 601.  The Company agrees to furnish
                  such instruments to the Commission upon request.

  10A          -  Wyman-Gordon Company Executive Long-Term Incentive                                    -
                  Program, as amended February 17, 1988 - incorporated
                  by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Proxy
                  Statement dated March 25, 1988.

  10B          -  Wyman-Gordon Company Long-Term Incentive Plan -                                       -
                  incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's
                  Proxy Statement dated April 1, 1992.

  10C          -  John M. Nelson employment agreement dated May 21, 1991 -                              -
                  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10C to the Company's
                  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991.

  10D          -  David P. Gruber executive severance agreement dated                                   -
                  October 16, 1991 - incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 10G to the Company's Report on Form 10-K for
                  the year ended December 31, 1991.

  10E          -  Luis E. Leon executive severance agreement dated                                      -
                  July 12, 1991 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10I
                  to the Company's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1991.

  10F          -  Sanjay N. Shah executive severance agreement dated                                    -
                  July 12, 1991 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10I
                  to the Company's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1991.

  10G          -  Wallace F. Whitney executive severance agreement dated                                -
                  July 12, 1991 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10L
                  to the Company's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                  December 31, 1991.

  10H          -  Raymond L. Raboin executive severance agreement dated                                 -
                  May 13, 1992 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
                  to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-2 as
                  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
                  December 11, 1992.
</TABLE>





                                           E-1
<PAGE>   32
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT                                                                                              PAGE
- - -------                                                                                              ----
  <S>          <C><C>                                                                                 <C>
  10I          -  Financing Agreement dated March 8, 1993 among the CIT                                 -
                  Group/Business Credit Inc., Wyman-Gordon Company,
                  Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. and Scaled Composites,
                  Inc.

  10J          -  Consent Release and First Amendment dated November 2,                               E-5
                  1993 to the Financing Agreement dated March 8, 1993
                  among CIT Group/Business Credit Inc., Wyman-Gordon
                  Company, Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc., Wyman-Gordon
                  Investment Castings, Inc., Precision Founders, Inc.,
                  Wyman-Gordon Composite Technologies, Inc., Wyman-Gordon
                  Fisc, Ltd., Reisner metals, Inc., W-G Rome Corporation,
                  Wyman-Gordon Securities Corporation and Scaled
                  Composites, Inc.

  10K          -  Waiver and Second Amendment dated January 27, 1994 to                               E-6
                  the Financing Agreement dated March 8, 1993 among
                  CIT Group/Business Credit Inc., Wyman-Gordon Company,
                  Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc., Wyman-Gordon Investment
                  Castings, Inc., Precision Founders, Inc., Wyman-Gordon
                  Composite Technologies, Inc., Wyman-Gordon Fisc, Ltd.,
                  Reisner metals, Inc., W-G Rome Corporation, Wyman-Gordon
                  Securities Corporation and Scaled Composites, Inc.

  10L          -  Purchase and Sale Agreement between Wyman-Gordon Company                              -
                  and Krupp Gerlach Crankshaft Company dated as of May 29,
                  1991 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the
                  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-2 as filed
                  with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9,
                  1993.

  10M          -  Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 10, 1994                                 -
                  between Cooper Industries, Inc. and the Company
                  incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company's
                  preliminary Proxy Statement filed with the Securities
                  and Exchange Commission on March 8, 1994.

  10N          -  Investment Agreement dated as of January 10, 1994                                     -
                  between Cooper Industries, Inc. and the Company
                  incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Company's
                  preliminary Proxy Statement filed with the Securities
                  and Exchange Commission on March 8, 1994.

  13           -  1993 Annual Report (such report, except for those                                   E-7
                  portions thereof which are expressly incorporated
                  by reference in this Report on Form 10-K, is furnished
                  for the information of the Commission and is not to be
                  deemed "filed" as part of the Company's Report on
                  Form 10-K).

  16           -  Letter regarding change in certifying accountants -                                   -
                  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the
                  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-2 filed
                  with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
                  December 11, 1992.

  22           -  List of Subsidiaries                                                                E-8

  24A          -  Consent of Ernst & Young                                                             23

  24B          -  Consent of Coopers & Lybrand                                                         24
</TABLE>


               NOTE:  Exhibits not physically located in this Form 10-K
               can be obtained from the Company upon written request to
               the Assistant Clerk at the address on the cover of this
               Form 10-K at a cost of $.25 per page.


                                      E-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.A


                                                        ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION
                                                     As Amended October 25, 1989

        ________________________________________________________________________
        THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

        1.     The name by which the corporation shall be known is
               Wyman-Gordon Company.

        2.     The purposes for which the corporation is formed are as
               follows:  forgings, forgings of all kinds, castings, machinery,
               tools, metal work of any kind and any and all things made in
               whole or in part from metals.  To carry on a general forging
               business.  To carry on a general manufacturing business and to
               do all things necessary or incidental to any of the above        
               purposes or powers.  To carry on the general business of
               merchants and dealers in any or all things manufactured by the
               company or used or acquired in connection with such manufacture. 
               To acquire personal property of any kind and any amount, and
               real property, so far as the same may be necessary or desirable
               in connection with any of the foregoing powers, and to sell,
               mortgage, pledge, lease or otherwise dispose of such personal
               and real property.  To acquire, hold, use, sell and deal in
               patented articles, patent rights, patents, licenses under
               patents, trade-marks, trade names, processes and formulae.  To
               acquire, hold and dispose of its own stock and securities and
               stocks, bonds or securities of any other corporations and
               associations.  To carry on the business heretofore conducted by
               the Wyman and Gordon Company, a  Massachusetts corporation.  To
               do any and all acts desirable in connection with or incidental
               to any of the above powers or purposes or calculated to enhance
               the value of the company's business or property.

        3.(a)  The total number of shares of Common Stock which the
               Company is authorized to issue is Thirty-five Million
               (35,000,000) having a par value of one dollar ($1.00) per        
               share.

          (b)  The total number of shares of Preferred Stock which the
               Company is authorized to issue is Five Million (5,000,000)
               having no par value.

        4.     If more than one class is authorized, a description of
               each of the different classes of stock with, if any, the
               preferences, voting powers, qualifications, special or relative
               rights or privileges as to each class thereof and any series now
               established:  Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time
               to time in one or more series, each such series to have such
               distinctive designation or title as may be fixed by the
               Board of Directors prior to the issuance of any shares of such
               series.  Each such series of Preferred Stock shall have such
               preferences, voting powers, qualifications, restrictions, and
               special or





<PAGE>   2



               relative rights or privileges, and to the fullest extent now or
               hereafter permitted under Massachusetts law, as shall be stated
               in such resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of
               shares of Preferred Stock as may be adopted from time to time by
               the Board of Directors in accordance with the laws of the
               Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

        5.     The restrictions, if any, imposed by the articles of
               organization upon the transfer of shares of stock of any class
               are as follows:  None.

        6.(a)  The Board of Directors may make, amend or repeal the
               Bylaws in whole or in part except with respect to any provision
               thereof which by law the Articles of Organization or the Bylaws
               requires action by the Stockholders.

          (b)  No director of the Company shall have any personal liability

               to the Company or its Stockholders for monetary damages for
               breach of fiduciary duty as a director notwithstanding any
               provision of law imposing such liability; provided, however,
               that this Article 6(b) shall not eliminate or limit the
               liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's
               duty of loyalty to the Company or its Stockholders, (ii)
               for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
               intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii)
               under Section 61 or 62 of Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts
               General Laws, or (iv) for any transaction from which the
               director derived an improper personal benefit.  The preceding
               sentence shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a
               director for any act or omission occurring prior to the date
               upon which this Article 6(b) becomes effective.  No amendment to
               or repeal of this Article 6(b) shall apply to or have any effect
               on the elimination pursuant hereto of liability or alleged
               liability of any director of the Company for or with respect to
               any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such
               amendment or repeal.  Nothing in this Article 6(b) shall limit
               any lawful right to indemnification existing independently of
               this Article.

          (c)  No Business Combination (as hereinafter defined) shall
               be consummated or effected unless such Business Combination
               shall have been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
               of not less than eighty-five percent (85%) of the total voting
               power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Company,
               voting as a single class.  Such vote shall be required
               notwithstanding the fact that no vote for such a transaction may
               be required by law or that approval by some lesser percentage of
               stockholders may be specified by law or in any agreement with
               any national

                                     -2-


<PAGE>   3



               securities exchange or otherwise; provided, however, that such
               eighty-five percent (85%) vote shall not be required, and the
               provisions of Massachusetts law relating to the vote required
               for the approval of stockholders, if any, shall apply to any
               such Business Combination if either of the following conditions
               is satisfied:

             1.  The aggregate amount of the cash and the Fair Market
                 Value (as hereinafter defined) of the property, securities or
                 other consideration to be received per share of capital stock
                 of the Company incident to the consummation of such Business
                 Combination by a holder of such stock, other than an
                 Interested Stockholder (as hereinafter defined) involved
                 in such Business Combination, is not less than the highest
                 of (a) the Highest Per Share Price or the Highest Equivalent
                 Price (as those terms are hereinafter defined), paid by such
                 Interested Stockholder in acquiring any of its holdings of the
                 Company's capital stock during the five-year period preceding
                 the announcement of such Business Combination; (b) a price
                 that includes the same or a greater premium over the market
                 price of such capital stock immediately prior to the
                 announcement of such Business Combination as the greatest
                 premium over market price paid by such Interested Stockholder
                 in the purchase of any shares of any class of the Company's
                 capital stock during the five-year period preceding the
                 announcement of such Business Combination; or (c) the Highest
                 Per Share Price or the Highest Equivalent Price that such
                 Interested Stockholder shall, during the five-year period
                 preceding the announcement of such Business Combination, have
                 offered to the stockholders of the Company for any shares of
                 the Company's capital stock or indicated in writing that it
                 would be prepared to offer under specified conditions; or

             2.  The Continuing Directors (as hereinafter defined) shall
                 have expressly approved such Business Combination by a
                 two-thirds vote either in advance of or subsequent to  the
                 acquisition of outstanding shares of capital stock of the
                 Company that caused the Interested Stockholder involved to
                 become an Interested Stockholder.  In determining whether or
                 not to approve any such Business Combination, the Continuing
                 Directors may give due consideration to all factors they
                 consider relevant, including without limitation (a) the
                 long-term and short-term effects on the profitability of the
                 Company, (b) its social, legal, environmental and economic
                 effects, both short-term and long-term, on the employees of
                 the Company and its subsidiaries and on the communities and
                 the geographic areas in which the Company and its subsidiaries
                 operate or are located, and on any of the business and
                 properties of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (c) the
                 adequacy

                                     -3-


<PAGE>   4



               of the consideration offered in relation not only to the current
               market price of the Company's outstanding securities, but also
               to the current value of the Company in a freely negotiated
               transaction and the Continuing Directors' estimate of the
               Company's future value (including the unrealized value of its
               properties and assets) as an independent going concern.

          (d)  Prior to the consummation of any Business Combination
               and prior to any vote of the Company's stockholders under
               Section (c) of this Article 6, a proxy statement or information
               statement complying with the requirements of the Securities
               Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, shall have been mailed
               to all stockholders of the Company for the purpose of informing
               the Company's stock- holders about such proposed Business
               Combination and, if their approval is required by Section (c) of
               this Article 6, for the purpose of soliciting stockholder
               approval of such Business Combination.  Such proxy statement or
               information statement shall contain at the front thereof, in a
               prominent place, a statement by the Continuing Directors of
               their position on the advisability (or inadvisability) of the
               proposed Business Combination.

          (e)  For the purpose of Sections (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this 
               Article 6:

               1.  The term "Business Combination" shall mean (a) any
                   merger, consolidation or share exchange of the Company or
                   any of its subsidiaries with or into an Interested
                   Stockholder, in each case irrespective of which corpora-
                   tion or company is to be the surviving entity; (b) any sale,
                   lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
                   disposition to or with an Interested Stockholder (in a
                   single transaction or a series of related transactions) of
                   all or a substantial part of the assets of the Company
                   (including without limitation any securities of a subsidiary
                   of the Company) or all or a substantial part of the assets
                   of any of its subsidiaries; (c) any sale, lease, exchange,
                   mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition to or with
                   the Company, or to or with any of its subsidiaries (in a
                   single transaction or series of related transactions) of all
                   or a substantial part of the assets of an Interested
                   Stockholder; (d) the issuance or transfer by the Company or
                   any of its subsidiaries of any securities of the Company or
                   any of its subsidiaries to an Interested Stockholder (other
                   than an issuance or transfer of securities which is effected
                   on a pro-rata basis to all stockholders of the Company); (e)
                   any acquisition by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of
                   any securities issued by an Interested Stockholder; (f) any
                   recapitalization or reclassification of shares of any class
                   of voting stock of the

                                     -4-

<PAGE>   5



               Company or any merger or consolidation of the Company with any
               of its subsidiaries which would have the effect, directly or
               indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the
               outstanding shares of any class of capital stock of the Company
               (or any securities convertible into any class of such capital
               stock) owned by any Interested Stockholder; (g) any merger or
               consolidation of the Company with any of its subsidiaries after
               which the provisions of Sections (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this
               Article 6 shall not appear in the articles of organization
               (or the equivalent charter documents) of the surviving entity;
               (h) any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of
               the Company; and (i) any agreement, contract or other
               arrangement providing for any of the transactions described in
               this definition of Business Combination.

           2.  The term "Interested Stockholder" shall mean any
               individual, corporation, partnership or other person or entity
               which, as of the record date for the determination of
               stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote on any Business
               Combination, or immediately prior to the consummation of any
               such Business Combination, is a "Beneficial Owner" (as defined
               in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
               Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as in effect at the date of the
               adoption of the provisions contained in Sections (c), (d), (e)
               and (f) of this Article 6 by the stockholders of the Company)
               (the "Exchange Act") of shares of any class or series of capital
               stock of the Company which, when combined with the shares of
               such class or series of stock of which any "Affiliates" or
               "Associates" (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act)
               of such individual, corporation, partnership or other person or
               entity are Beneficial Owners, amount to ten percent (10%) or
               more of the outstanding shares of such class or series of stock
               and any Affiliate or Associate of any such Interested
               Stockholder.

           3.  The term "Continuing Director" shall mean any director
               of the Company who was a director on February 22, 1989, and any
               other director whose election as a director was  recommended or
               approved by a majority of Continuing Directors.

           4.  Any action required to be taken by vote of the
               Continuing Directors shall be effective only if taken at a
               meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is present.  A
               Continuing Director Quorum shall mean two-thirds of the
               Continuing Directors capable of exercising the powers
               conferred upon them under the provisions of these Articles of
               Organization or the Bylaws of the Company or by law.

                                     -5-
<PAGE>   6


           5.  Whether or not any proposed sale, lease, exchange,
               mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of part of the
               assets of any entity involves a "substantial part" of the assets
               of such entity shall be conclusively determined by a two-thirds
               vote of the Continuing Directors; provided, however, that any
               such determination shall be effective only if made at a
               meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum was present; and
               provided further that assets involved in any single transaction
               or series of related transactions having an aggregate Fair
               Market Value of more than fifteen percent (15%) of the total
               consolidated assets of an entity and its subsidiaries as at the
               end of such entity's last full fiscal year prior to such
               determination shall always be deemed to constitute a
               "substantial part."

           6.  For the purposes of Subsection (1) of Section (c) of
               this Article 6, the term "other consideration to be received"
               shall include, without limitation, Common Stock or other capital
               stock of the Company retained by stockholders of the Company
               other than any Interested Stockholders or parties to such
               Business Combination in the event of a Business Combination in
               which the Company is the surviving corporation.

           7.  An "Interested Stockholder" shall be deemed to have
               acquired a share of the capital stock of the Company at the time
               when such Interested Stockholder became the Beneficial Owner
               thereof.  With respect to shares owned by Affiliates or
               Associates of an Interested Stockholder  or other persons whose
               ownership is attributed to an Interested Stockholder under the
               foregoing definition of Interested Stockholder, for purposes of
               Subsection 8 of this Section (e), such Interested Stockholder
               shall be deemed to have purchased such shares at the higher of
               (a) the price paid upon the acquisition thereof by the
               Affiliate, Associate or other person who owns such shares, or
               (b) the market price of the shares in question at the time when
               the Interested Stockholder became the Beneficial Owner thereof.

           8.  The terms "Highest Per Share Price" and "Highest
               Equivalent Price" shall mean the following:  If there is only
               one class of capital stock of the Company issued and
               outstanding, the Highest Per Share Price shall mean the highest
               price that can be determined to have been paid or offered to be
               paid during the preceding five years by the Interested
               Stockholder involved for any share or shares of that class of
               capital stock.  If there is more than one class of



                                     -6-

<PAGE>   7



               capital stock of the Company issued and outstanding, the Highest
               Equivalent Price shall mean with respect to each class and
               series of capital stock of the Company, the amount determined by
               two-thirds of the Continuing Directors, on whatever basis
               they believe to be appropriate, to be the highest per share
               price equivalent to the highest price that can be determined to
               have been paid or offered to be paid during the preceding five
               years by the Interested Stockholder involved or any Affiliate or
               Associate of such Interested Stockholder for any share or shares
               of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company. 
               In determining the Highest Per Share Price and Highest
               Equivalent Price, all purchases by such Interested Stockholder
               or any such Affiliate or Associate shall be taken into account
               regardless of whether the shares were purchased before or after
               such Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stock- holder. 
               The Highest Per Share Price and the Highest Equivalent Price
               shall include any brokerage commis- sions, transfer taxes and
               soliciting dealers' fees paid by such Interested Stockholder or
               any such Affiliate or Associate with respect to the shares of
               capital stock of the Company acquired by such Interested
               Stockholder or such Affiliate or Associate.  In the event any
               Business Combination involving an Interested Stockholder shall
               be proposed, the Continuing Directors shall determine the
               Highest Equivalent Price for each class and series of the
               capital stock of the Company of which there are shares issued
               and outstanding.

           9.  The term "Fair Market Value" shall mean (a) in the case of 
               stock, the highest closing sale price during the thirty day
               period immediately preceding the date in question of a share of
               such stock on the Composite Tape for New York Stock Exchange
               Listed Stocks, or, if such stock is not quoted on the Composite 
               Tape, on the New York Stock Exchange, or if such stock is not 
               listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the principal United 
               States securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act on 
               which such stock is listed, or if such stock is not listed on 
               any such exchange, the highest closing bid quotation with 
               respect to a share of such stock during the thirty day period 
               preceding the date in question on the National Association of 
               Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System or any 
               system then in use, or, if no such quotations are available, the 
               fair market value on the date in question of a share of such 
               stock as determined by a two-thirds vote of the Continuing 
               Directors, and (b) in the case of property on the date in 
               question as determined by a two-thirds vote of the Continuing 
               Directors; provided, however, that any determination

                                     -7-
<PAGE>   8



               made by the Continuing Directors pursuant to this Subsection 9
               shall be effective only if made at a meeting at which a
               Continuing Director Quorum was present; and provided further
               than in the event the number of Continuing Directors in
               office shall be less than a Continuing Director Quorum, any
               determination of fair market value that would otherwise be made
               by a vote of the Continuing Directors shall be made by a court
               of competent jurisdiction.

     (f)   No proposal to amend or repeal Sections (c), (d), (e)
           or (f) of this Article 6 may be authorized and approved except by
           the affirmative vote of the holders of voting stock entitling them
           to exercise eighty-five percent (85%) of the voting power of the
           Company voting together as a class, unless required to vote
           separately by law or by other provisions of those Articles of
           Organization or by the terms of the stock entitling them to vote
           and, if a proposal upon which holders of shares of a
           particular class or classes are so required to vote separately, then
           by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitling them to
           exercise eighty-five percent (85%) of the voting power of each such
           class or classes; provided, however, that the provisions of this
           Section (f) shall not apply to any such amendment or repeal of this
           Article 6 that has been favorably recommended to the stockholders by
           resolution of the Board of Directors adopted by a two-thirds vote of
           the  Continuing Directors at a meeting at which a Continuing
           Director Quorum was present, in which case any such amendment or
           repeal of Sections (c), (d), (e) or (f) of this Article 6 may be
           authorized and approved by the affirmative vote of such number of
           the holders of voting stock as may be required by law.





                                     -8-
                                      
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.B
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>BYLAWS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 3.B


                                     BYLAWS
                                                               December 31, 1993

___________________________________________________________________________

        ARTICLE I OFFICES

1.      PRINCIPAL OFFICE
        The principal office for the transaction of the business of the
        Corporation shall be located in the City of Worcester, Commonwealth of
        Massachusetts.

2.      OTHER OFFICES
        The Corporation may also establish offices at such other places, both
        within and without the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as the Board of
        Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the
        Corporation may require.

        ARTICLE II MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

1.      PLACE OF MEETINGS
        All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal office of
        the Corporation or at any other place within the United States which
        may be (a) designated by the Board of Directors, or (b) consented to by
        the written consent of all stockholders entitled to vote thereat, given
        either before or after the meeting and filed with the Clerk of the
        Corporation.

2.      ANNUAL MEETINGS
        Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the annual
        meeting of stockholders shall be held on the third Wednesday of April
        in each year at an hour fixed by the Board of Directors or the Chief
        Executive Officer.  Should said third Wednesday in April fall upon a
        legal holiday and the Board of Directors not have established a
        different date for such annual meeting, however, said annual meeting
        shall be held at the same time and place on the next day thereafter
        ensuing which is not a legal holiday.  At each such annual meeting
        Directors shall be elected, reports of officers of the Corporation
        shall be considered, and any other business may be transacted which is
        within the power of the stockholders.

3.      SPECIAL MEETINGS
        Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose whatsoever, may
        be called at any time either by the Chief Executive Officer or by the
        Board of Directors, to be held at such a time as he or they may
        designate.  In addition, a special meeting of the stockholders shall be
        called by the Clerk (or in the case of his death, absence, incapacity
        or refusal to act, by any other officer of the Corporation) upon
        written application of one or more stockholders holding not less than
        one-tenth of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the
        Corporation.  The officer forthwith shall cause 

<PAGE>   2

        notice to be given as provided in the next section that a meeting will
        be held at a time, fixed by the officer, not less than ten (10) nor more
        than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request.

4.      NOTICE OF MEETINGS
        The Clerk shall, not less than seven (7) days prior to any meeting of
        stockholders, give written notice to all stockholders, entitled to vote
        thereat, stating the place, date and hour of such meeting, and the
        purposes of the meeting.  Such notice shall be given to any stockholder
        (a) by leaving such notice with the stockholder, or at his residence or
        usual place of business, or (b) by mail, postage prepaid, addressed to
        the stockholder at his address as it is shown upon the records of the
        Corporation.

5.      QUORUM
        A majority of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and at the
        time entitled to vote represented at a meeting in person or by proxy
        shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business except as
        otherwise provided in the Articles of Organization.

6.      VOTING
        Each vote at a stockholders meeting shall be by voice vote or by ballot
        as determined by the officer presiding at the meeting; provided,
        however, that all elections for Directors must be by ballot upon demand
        made before the voting begins by a stockholder entitled to vote
        thereon.

7.      PROXIES
        Every person entitled to vote or execute consents shall have the right
        to do so either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a
        written proxy executed by such person or his duly authorized agent and
        filed with the Clerk of the Corporation.  A proxy with respect to stock
        held in the name of two or more persons shall be valid if executed by
        any one of them unless at or prior to exercise of the proxy the
        Corporation receives a specific written notice to the contrary from any
        one of them.  A proxy purporting to be executed by or on behalf of a
        stockholder shall be deemed valid unless challenged at or prior to its
        exercise and the burden of proving invalidity shall rest on the
        challenger.

8.      ADJOURNED MEETINGS AND NOTICE THEREOF
        Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, whether or not a quorum
        is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of a
        majority of the shares, the holders of which are either present in
        person or represented by proxy thereat, but in the absence of a quorum
        no other business may be transacted at such meeting.  


                                       2
<PAGE>   3

        When any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, is adjourned
        for thirty (30) days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
        given as in the case of an original meeting.  Except as provided above,
        it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the
        business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting, other than by
        announcement at the meeting at which such adjournment is taken.

9.      ACTION WITHOUT MEETING
        Any action which may be taken at a meeting of stockholders, except
        approval of an agreement for merger or consolidation of the Corporation
        with other corporations, may be taken without a meeting if authorized
        by a writing signed by all of the persons who would be entitled to vote
        upon such action at a meeting, and filed with the Clerk of the
        Corporation.

ARTICLE III DIRECTORS

1.      POWERS
        Subject to limitations imposed by law or the Articles of Organization,
        all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of,
        and the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be controlled by,
        the Board of Directors.  In the exercise of its powers, the Board may
        appoint an executive committee and other committees, and may delegate
        to the executive committee any of the powers and authority of the Board
        in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation,
        except the powers expressly reserved to the Directors in Section 55 of
        the Massachusetts Business Corporation Law.  The executive committee
        shall be composed of three or more Directors.

2.      NUMBER AND CLASSIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
        The number of Directors of the Corporation shall not be less than seven
        nor more than thirteen, as determined from time to time by the
        Directors, and the number shall be nine until otherwise so determined.
        The Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes in respect
        of term of office, each class to contain as near as may be one-third of
        the whole number of the Board.  Of the Board of Directors elected at
        the last annual meeting of stockholders held prior to the adoption of
        this Bylaw, the members of Class I shall serve until the annual meeting
        of stockholders held in the year following their election, the members
        of Class II shall serve until the annual meeting of stockholders held
        two years following their election, and the members of Class III shall
        serve until the annual meeting of stockholders held three years
        following their election; provided, however, that in each case
        Directors shall continue to serve until their successors shall be
        elected and shall qualify.  At each annual meeting of stockholders
        following the adoption of this Bylaw, one class of Directors shall be
        elected to serve until the annual





                                       3
<PAGE>   4
        meeting of stockholders held three years next following and until their
        successors shall be elected and shall qualify.  If any annual meeting
        of stockholders is not held or Directors are not elected thereat,
        Directors may be elected at any special meeting of stockholders.

        Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation.

3.      VACANCIES
        In case a vacancy shall occur from any cause in the Board of Directors
        or in any other office, including action by the Directors to increase
        the number of Directors in accordance with Section 2 of this Article
        III, the remaining Directors then in office may elect a person to fill
        such vacancy for the balance of the term of the office vacated, except
        that, in the case of an increase in the number of Directors, such
        vacancy may be filled only until the next annual meeting of
        stockholders, at which time the vacancy shall be filled by vote of the
        stockholders.  In case of a vacancy or vacancies in the Board of
        Directors being unfilled, the remaining Directors shall exercise all
        the powers of the Board.

        A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist in the
        case of the death, resignation or removal of any Director, or if the
        authorized number of Directors is increased, or if the stockholders
        fail, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders at which any
        Director is elected, to elect the full authorized number of Directors
        to be voted for at that meeting.  The Board of Directors may declare
        vacant the office of a Director if, within thirty (30) days after
        notice of his first election to the Board of Directors, he does not
        accept the office either in writing or by attending a meeting of the
        Board of Directors.

        The stockholders may elect a Director or Directors at any time to fill
        any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the remaining Director or
        Directors.  If the Board of Directors accepts the resignation of a
        Director tendered to take effect at a future time, the Board, or if the
        Board has not acted, the stockholders, shall have the power to elect a
        successor to take office when the resignation is to become effective.

4.      REMOVAL
        Any Director of the Corporation may be removed with or without cause at
        any regular meeting of the stockholders or at a special meeting called
        for the purpose, and by vote of the holders of a majority of the stock
        outstanding and entitled to vote, or may be removed with or without
        cause by the Board of Directors.





                                       4
<PAGE>   5
        No reduction of the authorized number of Directors shall have the
        effect of removing any Director prior to the expiration of his term of
        office.

5.      QUORUM
        A majority of the authorized number of Directors shall constitute a
        quorum of the Board for the transaction of business.  Every act or
        decision done or made by a majority of the Directors present at a
        meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the
        act of the Board of Directors, unless a greater number be required by
        law.

6.      PLACE OF DIRECTORS' MEETINGS
        Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at the principal
        office of the Corporation, or at any place within or without the
        Commonwealth of Massachusetts which has been designated from time to
        time by resolution of the Board or by written consent of all the
        members of the Board.

7.      ORGANIZATION MEETINGS
        Immediately following each annual meeting of stockholders the Board of
        Directors shall hold a regular meeting for the purpose of organizing,
        electing officers, and transacting other business.  No notice need be
        given of such meetings of the Board of Directors.

8.      REGULAR MEETINGS
        Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such day
        and hour as shall be from time to time determined by the Board.  If
        said day shall fall upon a holiday, such meeting shall be held on the
        next succeeding business day thereafter.  No notice need be given of
        such regular meetings of the Board of Directors.

9.      SPECIAL MEETINGS
        Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes
        shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer or, if he is absent or
        unable or refuses to act, by the President if the Chairman of the Board
        is the Chief Executive Officer, by any corporate Vice President, or by
        any two Directors.

        Written notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be
        delivered to each Director in person or by telephone, or sent to each
        Director by mail or other form of written communication, charges
        prepaid, addressed to him at his address as it is shown upon the
        records of the Corporation, or, if it is not so shown and if it is not
        readily ascertainable, addressed to him at the city or place where the
        meetings of the Directors are regularly held.  Notices mailed or
        telegraphed shall be deposited in the United States mail or delivered
        to the telegraph company at the place where the principal office of the
        Corporation is located at least forty-




                                      5
<PAGE>   6

        eight (48) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting; and
        notices given personally or by telephone shall be given at least
        twenty-four (24) hours prior to the time of the holding of the
        meeting.

10.     NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT
        Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not
        be given to absent Directors if the time and place are fixed at the
        meeting adjourned.

11.     WAIVER OF NOTICE; CONSENT TO MEETING
        The transactions of any meeting of the Board of Directors, however
        called and noticed or whenever held, shall be as valid as though had at
        a meeting duly held after regular call and notice if a quorum is
        present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the
        Directors not present signs a waiver of notice or a consent to hold
        such meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof.  All such waivers,
        consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records and
        made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

12.     ADJOURNMENT
        A quorum of the Directors may adjourn any meeting of the Board of
        Directors to meet again at a stated day and hour; and in the absence of
        a quorum, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn from time to
        time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board.

13.     ACTION WITHOUT MEETING
        Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors
        may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board shall
        individually or collectively consent in writing to such action.  Such
        written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the
        proceedings of the Board.  Such action, by written consent, shall have
        the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of such Directors at a
        meeting of the Board of Directors.

        Directors of the Company may participate in meetings of the Board of
        Directors or any committee designated thereby by means of a conference
        telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all
        persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same
        time and participation by such means shall constitute presence in
        person at a meeting.

14.     FEES AND COMPENSATION
        Directors shall receive such fees and compensation, if any, for their
        services as may be determined by vote of the Board, and shall receive
        reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings of
        the Directors or committees thereof or otherwise in connection with
        attention to the





                                       6
<PAGE>   7
        affairs of the Corporation.  No Director who receives a salary as an
        officer or employee of the Corporation or any subsidiary thereof shall
        receive any remuneration as a Director or member of any committee of
        the Directors.

ARTICLE IV OFFICERS

1.      OFFICERS
        The officers of the Corporation shall be a President, a Treasurer and a
        Clerk.  The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board
        of Directors, a Chairman of the Board, one or more corporate Vice
        Presidents, one or more Assistant Treasurers and one or more Assistant
        Clerks, each of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors in
        accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of this Article.  Other
        officers may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section
        3 of this Article; provided, however, that no such appointed officer
        shall be deemed to be a corporate officer.  One person may hold two or
        more offices, except that the offices of President and Treasurer shall
        not be held by the same person.  The Chief Executive Officer of the
        Corporation shall be the President or the Chairman of the Board, as
        determined by the Board of Directors.

2.      ELECTION
        The officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be
        appointed in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3 or 5 of this
        Article, shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors, and each
        shall hold his office until he shall resign or shall be removed or
        otherwise disqualified to serve, or his successor shall be elected and
        qualified.

3.      APPOINTED OFFICERS
        The Board of Directors may appoint and may empower the Chief Executive
        Officer to appoint, such other officers as the business of the
        Corporation may require, including without limitation, divisional vice
        presidents (who shall not be corporate officers).  Each such appointed
        officer shall hold office for such period, have such authority and
        perform such duties as are provided in the Bylaws or as the Board of
        Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time
        determine.

4.      REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION
        Any officer or agent may be removed, either with or without cause, by a
        majority of the Directors at the time in office, at any regular or
        special meeting of the Board, or, except in case of an officer elected
        by the Board of Directors, by the Chief Executive Officer or by any
        officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board
        of Directors.





                                       7
<PAGE>   8
        Any officer or agent may resign at any time by giving written notice to
        the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or the Clerk of
        the Corporation.  Any such resignation shall take effect on the date of
        the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and,
        unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation
        shall not be necessary to make it effective.

5.      VACANCIES
        A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
        disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner
        prescribed in the Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.

6.      CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
        The Chairman of the Board, if any, shall, if present, preside at all
        meetings of the Board of Directors, and exercise and perform such other
        powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him by the
        Board of Directors.

7.      CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
        Subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors, the
        Chief Executive Officer shall have general control of the business and
        financial affairs of the Corporation, shall have the general powers and
        duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a
        corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other
        duties as are delegated to him by the Corporation or the Board of
        Directors or as may be imposed by law.  He shall preside at all
        meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence of a Chairman of the
        Board who has not been designated Chief Executive Officer, at all
        meetings of the Board of Directors.  He shall be ex officio a member of
        the executive committee and any other standing committees, other than
        the stock option committee and the compensation committee.


8.      PRESIDENT
        Subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors, the
        President shall have the general powers and duties of management
        usually vested in the president of a corporation and shall have such
        other powers and duties as are delegated to him by the Corporation or
        the Board of Directors or as may be imposed by law.  Unless the
        Chairman of the Board is specifically designated by the Board of
        Directors as the Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the
        Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation with all of the powers and
        duties specified in Section 7 of this Article.  If the Chairman of the
        Board is the Chief Executive Officer, the President, shall, in his
        absence or disability or in case of a vacancy in his office, perform
        all the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting shall
        have all the





                                       8
<PAGE>   9
        powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the Chief
        Executive Officer.

9.      VICE PRESIDENT
        In the absence or disability of the President, or in case of a vacancy
        in his office, the corporate Vice Presidents, if any, in order of their
        rank as fixed by the Board of Directors, or if not ranked, the Vice
        President designated by the Board of Directors, shall perform all the
        duties of the President, and when so acting shall have all the powers
        of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the President.  The
        Vice Presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other
        duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by
        the Board of Directors.

10.     TREASURER
        Subject to the supervision and control of the Chief Executive Officer,
        the Treasurer shall have general charge of the financial affairs of the
        Corporation and have the custody of the funds and of all the valuable
        papers of the Corporation.  He shall keep the accounts of the
        Corporation in a clear manner and shall at all times when requested by
        the Directors or the Chief Executive Officer exhibit a true statement
        of the affairs of the Corporation.  The Assistant or each of the
        Assistant Treasurers, in the absence or inability of the Treasurer, or
        in case of a vacancy in his office, may perform such part or all of the
        duties of the Treasurer as may be specified from time to time by the
        Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, and the written statement of
        any Assistant Treasurer as to such absence, inability or vacancy shall
        conclusively determine the fact so stated.  The Treasurer shall, if
        required by the Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, give a bond
        for the faithful discharge of his duties at the expense of the
        Corporation with satisfactory sureties and in such penal sums as may be
        required by the Directors.  The Assistant Treasurer or Treasurers shall
        also, if required by the Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, give
        a bond in like manner for the faithful discharge of their duties.  The
        Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers shall perform such other duties as
        may be delegated to them respectively by the Corporation or the Chief
        Executive Officer or may be imposed by law.

11.     CLERK
        The Clerk shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors, the
        stockholders and the executive committee, if any, and if so directed by
        the Board of Directors, any other committee which may be constituted,
        and shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal office or such
        other place as the Board of Directors may direct, a book of minutes of
        all such meetings, showing the time of and place at which such meetings
        are held; whether regular or special; and if special, how authorized;





                                       9
<PAGE>   10
        the notice thereof given; the names of those present at Directors' or
        committee meetings; the number of shares present or represented at
        stockholders' meetings; and a record of the proceedings of such
        meetings.  In absence of the Clerk or an Assistant Clerk, a Temporary
        Clerk shall be appointed to keep the records of any meeting.

        The Clerk shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal office or
        at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent, a stock book, or a
        duplicate stock book, showing the names of the stockholders and their
        addresses; the number and classes of shares held by each; the number
        and date of certificates issued for the same; and the number and date
        of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation.

        The Clerk shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all the meetings
        of stockholders and of the Board of Directors required by these Bylaws
        to be given, and shall have such other powers and perform such other
        duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors.  He shall keep
        in safe custody the seal of the Corporation and, when authorized by the
        Board of Directors, shall affix the same to any instrument requiring it
        and, when so affixed, it shall be attested by his signature or by the
        signature of an Assistant Clerk.

        The Assistant or each of the Assistant Clerks, in the absence or
        inability of the Clerk, or in case of a vacancy in his office, may
        perform such part or all of the duties of the Clerk as may be specified
        from time to time by the Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, and
        the written statement of any Assistant Clerk as to such absence,
        inability or vacancy shall conclusively determine the fact so stated.

ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION

1.      RIGHT OF INDEMNIFICATION
        Every person who is or was a Director, officer or employee of this
        Corporation or of any other corporation which he served at the request
        of the Corporation and in which the Corporation owns or owned shares of
        capital stock or of which it is a creditor shall have a right to be
        indemnified by this Corporation against all reasonable expenses
        incurred by him in connection with or resulting from any action, suit
        or proceeding in which he may become involved as a party or otherwise
        by reason of his being or having been a Director, officer or employee
        of the Corporation or such other corporation, provided (a) said action,
        suit or proceeding shall be prosecuted to a final determination and he
        shall be vindicated on the merits, or (b) in the absence of such final
        determination vindicating him on the merits, the Board of Directors
        shall determine that he acted in good faith in the reasonable belief
        that his action was in the best interests of





                                       10
<PAGE>   11
        the Corporation or such other corporation and that he cooperated
        effectively with the Corporation in the defense and disposition of any
        said action, suit or proceeding, said determinations to be made by the
        Board of Directors acting through a quorum of disinterested directors,
        or in its absence on the opinion of the counsel.

2.      DEFINITIONS
        For purposes of Section 1 of this Article V: (a) "reasonable expenses"
        shall include but not be limited to reasonable counsel fees and
        disbursements, amounts of any judgment, fine or penalty, and reasonable
        amounts paid in settlement, but in no event shall "reasonable expenses"
        include any item for which indemnification would be contrary to law;
        (b) "action, suit or proceeding" shall include every claim, action,
        suit or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, derivative or otherwise,
        administrative, judicial or legislative, any appeal relating thereto,
        and shall include any reasonable apprehension or threat of such a
        claim, action, suit or proceeding; and (c) a settlement plea of no
        contendere, consent judgment, adverse civil judgment, or conviction
        shall, not of itself create a presumption that the person seeking
        indemnification did not act in good faith in the reasonable belief that
        his action was in the best interests of this Corporation or such other
        corporation, but the Board of Directors shall be bound by a civil
        judgment or conviction which adjudges that the person did not act in
        good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best
        interests of this Corporation or such other corporation.

3.      PERSONS ENTITLED TO INDEMNIFICATION
        The right of indemnification shall extend to any person  otherwise
        entitled to it under this Article V whether or not that person
        continues to be a director or officer of this Corporation at the time
        such liability or expense shall be incurred.  The right of
        indemnification shall extend to the legal representatives and heirs of
        any person otherwise entitled to indemnification.  If a person meets
        the requirements of this Article V with respect to some matters in an
        action, suit or proceeding, but not with respect to others, he shall be
        entitled to indemnification as to the former.  Advances against
        liability and expenses may be made by the Corporation on terms fixed by
        the Board of Directors subject to an obligation to repay if
        indemnification proves unwarranted.

4.      BYLAW NOT EXCLUSIVE
        This Article V shall not exclude any other rights of indemnification or
        other rights to which any Director, officer or employee may be entitled
        by contract, by vote of the Board of Directors, or as a matter of law.
        If any clause, provision or application of this Article V shall be
        determined to be





                                       11
<PAGE>   12
        invalid, the other clauses, provisions or applications of these Bylaws
        shall not be affected but shall remain in full force and effect.  The
        provisions of this Article V shall be applicable to actions, suits or
        proceedings commenced after the adoption hereof, whether arising from
        acts or omissions occurring before or after the adoption hereof.

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS

1.      RECORD DATE AND CLOSING STOCK BONDS
        The Board of Directors may fix a time in the future as a record date
        for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote
        at any meeting of stockholders or entitled to receive any dividend or
        distribution, or any allotment of rights, or to exercise rights in
        respect to any change, conversion or exchange of shares.  The record
        date so fixed shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date
        of the meeting or event for the purposes of which it is fixed.  When a
        record date is so fixed, only stockholders of record on that date are
        entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting or to receive the
        dividend, distribution, or allotment of rights, or to exercise the
        rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares
        on the books of the Corporation after the record date.

        The Board of Directors may close the books of the Corporation against
        transfers of shares during the whole or any part of a period not more
        than sixty (60) days prior to the date of a meeting of stockholders,
        the date when the right to any dividend, distribution, or allotment of
        rights vests, or the effective date of any change, conversion or
        exchange of shares.

2.      INSPECTION OF CORPORATE RECORDS
        The stock book or duplicate stock book and minutes of proceedings of
        the incorporators and stockholders shall be open to inspection upon the
        written demand of any stockholder at any reasonable time, and for a
        purpose reasonably related to his interests as a stockholder.  Such
        records shall be exhibited at any meeting of stockholders upon the
        demand by the holders of ten percent (10%) of the shares represented at
        the meeting.  Such inspection may be made in person or by an agent or
        attorney, and shall include the right to make extracts.  Demand of
        inspection other than at a meeting of stockholders shall be made in
        writing upon the President or Clerk of the Corporation.

        Every Director shall have the right, at any reasonable time, to inspect
        all books, records, documents of every kind, and the physical
        properties of the Corporation and of its subsidiary corporations,
        domestic or foreign; provided, however, that in the case of foreign
        subsidiary corporations





                                       12
<PAGE>   13
        such right shall extend only to such books, records, documents and
        properties as are kept or located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

3.      CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES
        Certificates representing shares of common stock of the Corporation
        shall be of such form as the Board of Directors may approve and shall
        state the name of the record holder of the shares represented thereby;
        the number of the certificate; the date of issuance of the certificate;
        the number of shares for which it is issued; the par value, if any, or
        a statement that such shares are without par value; a statement of the
        rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions, if any; a statement
        as to redemption or conversion, if any; a statement of liens or
        restrictions upon transfer or voting, if any; if the shares be
        assessable, or, if the assessments are collectible by personal action,
        a plain statement of such facts.

4.      EXECUTION OF CERTIFICATES
        Every certificate for shares must be signed by the President or a Vice
        President and the Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer, and may be by
        facsimiles of the signatures of the President and Treasurer or by a
        facsimile of the signature of the President and the written signature
        of its Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer.  No certificate for shares
        authenticated by a facsimile of a signature shall be valid until
        countersigned by the transfer agent.

5.      TRANSFER OR STOCK
        Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer, the Corporation
        may treat the registered owner of shares as the person exclusively
        entitled to vote, to receive notifications and otherwise to exercise
        all the rights and powers of a stockholder.  Shares may be transferred
        on the books of the Corporation only by the person named in the
        certificate as the owner thereof, or by his agent, attorney, or legal
        representative, upon surrender to the Clerk of the Corporation or, at
        the discretion of the Board of Directors, to any transfer agent, of a
        certificate, duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of
        succession, assignment or authority to transfer.  A new certificate
        shall thereupon be issued to the person entitled thereto and the old
        certificate shall be cancelled.

6.      LOST CERTIFICATES
        New certificates for shares or other securities of the Corporation may
        be issued for and in the place of any such instrument theretofore
        issued which is alleged to have been lost, destroyed or wrongfully
        taken.  The Directors may, in their discretion, require the owner of
        such instrument, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a
        bond or other





                                       13
<PAGE>   14
        security in an adequate amount as indemnity against any claim that may
        be made against the Corporation.  A new instrument may be issued,
        however, without requiring any bond or other security when, in the
        judgment of the Directors, it is proper to do so.

7.      CORPORATE SEAL
        A corporate seal shall be provided and adopted by the Board of
        Directors and shall contain the name of the Corporation and such other
        wording as the Board may deem suitable or as may be required by law.

8.      FISCAL YEAR
        Except as from time to time otherwise determined by the Board of
        Directors, the fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first
        day of January and end on the last day of December next succeeding.

9.      ISSUANCE OF STOCK
        Any unissued capital stock from time to time authorized under the
        Articles of Organization may be issued by a vote of the Board of
        Directors.

10.     EXECUTION OF CONTRACTS
        The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, agents or
        agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the
        name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be
        general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by
        the Board of Directors, no officer, agent or employee shall have any
        power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or
        engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any
        purpose or in any amount.

11.     REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
        The Chairman of the Board, the President, any corporate Vice President
        and the Treasurer of this Corporation, or any one of them, are
        authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this
        Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other
        corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation.
        The authority herein granted to said officers to vote or represent on
        behalf of this Corporation any and all shares held by this Corporation
        in any other corporation or corporations may be exercised by such
        officers in person or by any person authorized so to do by proxy or
        power or attorney duly executed by said officers.

12.     INSPECTION OF BYLAWS
        The Corporation shall keep in its principal office for the transaction
        of business the original or a copy of these Bylaws as amended or
        otherwise altered to date, certified by the





                                       14
<PAGE>   15
        Clerk, which shall be open to inspection by the stockholders at all     
        reasonable times during office hours.

13.     CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS
        Unless the context otherwise requires, the general provisions, rules of
        construction and definitions contained in the Massachusetts Business
        Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws.  The
        Article and Section captions used in these Bylaws are for reference
        only and are not part of the Bylaws and shall not be used in construing
        or interpreting these Bylaws.

ARTICLE VII AMENDMENTS

1.      POWER OF STOCKHOLDERS
        New Bylaws may be adopted or these Bylaws may be amended or repealed by
        the vote of stockholders entitled to exercise a majority of the voting
        power of the Corporation, except as otherwise provided by the Articles
        of Organization.

2.      POWER OF DIRECTORS
        Subject to the right of stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws,
        these Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors, and
        new Bylaws may be adopted, at any regular or special meeting thereof.





                                       15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.J
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT RELEASE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.J


                                                                       EXECUTION


                     CONSENT, RELEASE AND FIRST AMENDMENT


        CONSENT, RELEASE AND FIRST AMENDMENT, dated as of November 2, 1993
(this "Consent and Amendment"), among Wyman-Gordon Company (the "Company"),
Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. ("WG Composites"), Scaled Composites, Inc.,
Wyman-Gordon Investment Castings, Inc., Precision Founders Inc., Wyman-Gordon
Composite Technologies, Inc., Wyman-Gordon Fisc, Ltd., Reisner Metals, Inc.,
WG-Rome Corporation and Wyman-Gordon Securities Corporation (together with the
Company, the "Credit Parties") and The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.
("CITBC").

                                  WITNESSETH:
                                  -----------

        WHEREAS, the Credit Parties and CITBC are parties to a Financing
Agreement, dated March 8, 1993, as amended (the "Financing Agreement");

        WHEREAS, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase
Agreement") dated as of October 22, 1993 among Kaiser Aerospace & Electronics
Corporation (the "Buyer"), WG Composites and the Company, WG Composites and the
Company desire to sell (the "Sale") to the Buyer the "Contracts Assets," as
that term is defined in the Purchase Agreement;

        WHEREAS, pursuant to the Financing Agreement, WG Composites has granted
a Lien to CITBC on certain of WG Composites' Contract Assets;

        WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement requires that the Contract Assets to be
sold by WG Composites to the Buyer pursuant to the Purchase Agreement be
transferred to the Buyer on the date of the closing of the Sale (the Closing
Date") free and clear of any Lien in favor of CITBC;

        WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 5.3 and 7.9(c) of the Financing
Agreement, the execution and delivery by WG Composites and the Company of the
Purchase Agreement and the consummation of the Sale require the consent of
CITBC;

        WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested that CITBC consent to the
execution and delivery by WG Composites and the Company of the Purchase
Agreement and the consummation of the Sale;

        WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested that CITBC release its Lien
upon the Contract Assets to be sold by WG Composites to the Buyer pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement;

        WHEREAS, CITBC is willing to so consent and so release on the condition
that certain amendments herein set forth be made to

<PAGE>   2
the Financing Agreement, and on the other terms and conditions herein set
forth;

        NOW, THEREFORE, in considerations of the mutual conditions and
agreements set forth in this Consent and Amendment and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, each of the Credit Parties and CITBC hereby agree as follows:

                SECTION 1. DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Consent and
Amendment, terms defined in the Financing Agreement and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Financing Agreement.

                SECTION 2. CONSENT. CITBC hereby consents to the execution and
delivery by the Company and WG Composites of the Purchase Agreement and the
consummation of the Sale and the other transactions contemplated therein;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such consent is subject to the following conditions:

                (a) The Sale shall be consummated strictly in accordance with
         the terms of the Purchase Agreement and of the Other Documents (as
         hereinafter defined);

                (b) CITBC shall have received for review and approval all
         Exhibits and Schedules to the Purchase Agreement and all other
         material documents and instruments ("Other Documents") to be executed
         and delivered in connection with the Purchase Agreement; CITBC or its
         counsel shall have furnished to the Company written confirmation that
         CITBC has reviewed and approved the form and substance of such
         Exhibits, Schedules, and Other Documents; and such Exhibits, Schedules
         and Other Documents shall be executed and delivered in the form so
         approved by CITBC;

                (c) The Sale shall have been consummated on or before November
         19, 1993, or such later date to which CITBC shall have consented in
         writing prior thereto;

                (d) No Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately
         before or immediately after giving effect to the execution and
         delivery of the Purchase Agreement and the Other Documents or the
         consummation of the Sale or the other transactions contemplated in the
         Purchase Agreement or the Other Documents;

                (e) The representations and warranties contained in this
         Consent and Amendment shall be true and correct on and as of the dates
         of the execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement and the
         consummation of the Sale and the other transactions contemplated in
         the Purchase Agreement and the Other Documents as though made on and
         as each of such dates; and 

                                      2
<PAGE>   3
                (f) All other conditions set forth in Section 6 thereof shall
         have been satisfied.

        SECTION 3. RELEASE. Upon the satisfaction of the terms and conditions
set forth in Sections 2 and 6 thereof, CITBC's Lien on solely the Contract
Assets being sold by WG Composites to the Buyer pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement shall be released, with CITBC's Lien on all assets of WG Composites
that are not sold to the Buyer pursuant to the Purchase Agreement continuing
thereafter in full force and effect. Prior to the Closing Date, CITBC shall
execute and deliver to an escrow agent satisfactory to it such UCC-3 Partial
Releases as may be necessary to effectuate such release as of record, and upon
the satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth in Sections 2 and 6
hereof, CITBC shall instruct its escrow agent to deliver such UCC-3 Partial
Releases to the Company or its counsel for delivery to the Buyer or its Counsel.

        SECTION 4.  Additional Convenants of the Credit Parties.
                    -------------------------------------------

        4.1 The Credit Parties shall, within ten (10) Business Days after the
consummation of the Sale, deliver to CITBC a certificate executed by the Vice
President and Treasurer of each of the Company and WG Composites certifying
that (a) annexed thereto is a true, correct and complete copy of the Purchase
Agreement, the Schedules and Exhibits thereto and all Other Documents executed
and delivered in connection therewith and (b) the Sale was consummated on the
Closing Date specified therein strictly in accordance with the terms of the
Purchase Agreement, the Other Documents  and this Consent and Amendment.

        4.2 Simultaneously with the delivery of the "Seller's Statement of
Purchase Price Adjustment," as that term is defined in the Purchase Agreement,
to the Buyer, the Credit Parties shall deliver a true and correct copy thereof
to CITBC.

        4.3 Promptly upon CITBC's request therefor, the Company and WG
Composites shall execute and deliver to CITBC, as additional collateral for the
Obligations, an assignment, in form and substance satisfactory to CITBC, of all
of the Company's and WG Composites' rights under the Purchase Agreement and
Other Documents, together with such UCC Financing Statements and other
documents and instruments as CITBC may require to perfect such assignment, and,
if requested by CITBC, the Credit Parties shall use their best efforts to cause
the Buyer to consent to such assignment and to agree to honor the same.

        4.4 On and after the Closing Date, WG Composites shall not conduct any
business, shall not have or acquire any material assets other than its assets
existing on the Closing Date and not sold to the Buyer and, except for its
liability for the Obligations and liabilities arising under or retained by WG
Composites

                                      3

<PAGE>   4
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, shall not have or incur any material
liabilities.

        SECTION 5.  AMENDMENTS TO FINANCING AGREEMENT.  Effective as of the
Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the sale, the Financing
Agreement shall be amended as follows:

        5.1  The words ", WYMAN-GORDON COMPOSITES, INC." shall be deleted from
the cover page of the Financing Agreement.

        5.2  The preamble to the Financing Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety, and the following preamble shall be substituted therefor:

        THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC., a New York corporation ("CITBC"),
with offices located at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036,
is please to confirm the terms and conditions under which CITBC shall make
revolving loans, advances and other financial accommodations to WYMAN-GORDON
COMPANY (the "Company"), a Massachusetts corporation with a principal place of
business at 244 Worcester Street, Box 8001, Grafton, Massachusetts 01536-8001,
and SCALED COMPOSITES, INC.  ("Scaled Composites"), a California corporation
with a principal place of business at Hangar 78, Mojave Airport, Mojave,
California 93501 (the Company and Scaled Composites may hereinfafter be
referred to collectively as the "Borrowers" and each, individually, as a
"Borrower").

        5.3  The definition of the term "Borrowing Base" set forth in Section 1
of the Financing Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following
shall be substituted therefor:

        BORROWING BASE shall mean, (a) as to the Company, the sum of (i) eighty
percent (80%) of the outstanding Eligible Accounts Receivable of the Company
and its Subsidiaries (other than the Composite Subsidiaries and WG Composites)
and (ii) forty percent (40%) of the aggregate value of Eligible Inventory of
the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than the Composites Subsidiaries and WG
Composites) as determined at the lower of cost or market and (b) as to Scaled
Composites, the sum of (i) eighty percent (80%) of outstanding Eligible
Accounts Receivable of Scaled Composites and (ii) forty percent (40%) of the
aggregate value of Eligible Inventory of Scaled Composites as determined at the
lower of cost or market; provided, that, for purposes of calculating the
"Borrowing Base" for any borrower at any time, the amount of the component of
the Borrowing Base of all the Borrowers based on Eligible Inventory may not
exceed an aggregate of $15,000,000.




                                   4

<PAGE>   5


        5.4  The definition of the term "Composites Subsidiaries" set forth in
Section 1 of the Financing Agreement shall be amended by deleting the words "WG
Composites and" therefrom.

        5.5  The definition of the term "Credit Parties" shall be amended by
adding the words "and WG Composites" immediately before the period at the end
thereof.

        5.6  a new definition of the term "WG Composites" shall be added to
Section 1 of the Financing Agreement in correct alphabetical order and shall
read as follows:

        WG COMPOSITES shall mean Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc., a Delaware
   corporation and a Subsidiary of the Company.

        5.7  Subsection (b) of Section 7.9 of the Financing agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

        (b)  NO ADDITIONAL INDEBTEDNESS.  Borrow any money on the security of
     the Collateral of such Credit Party from sources other than CITBC, or
     incur or create any Indebtedness other than (i) the Permitted
     Indebtedness, (ii) Indebtedness of any Credit Party to any other Credit
     Party, except that Scaled Composites may not at any time be a net debtor
     with respect to the other Credit Parties in an aggregate amount greater
     than $5,000,000, and during any period that Scaled Composites is a net 
     creditor with respect to the other Credit Parties in an aggregate 
     amount in excess of $500,000, the Company's Availability shall be reduced
     by the amount of such excess, provided, that Scaled Composites may not 
     make any borrowings from Scaled Composites, and (iii) guarantees of 
     Specialty Alloys up to the amount set forth in Section 7.9(e).

        5.8  Subsection (d) of Section 7.9 of the Financing Agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

        (d)  MERGER; CONSOLIDATION, ETC.  Merge, consolidate or otherwise alter
or modify its corporate name, principal place of business, structure, status or
existence, or enter into or engage in any operation or activity materially
different from that presently being conducted by it, except that any Credit
Party (other than the Company, Scaled Composites and WG Composites) may merge
with any other Credit Party subject to the conditions that the Credit Parties
shall have executed and delivered all documents and have taken all such actions
as CITBC shall deem necessary or desirable in order to maintain the perfection
and priority of CITBC's Liens on the Collateral;




                                     5

<PAGE>   6


        5.9  Clause (iv) of Section 7.9(e) of the Financing Agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

      (iv) guarantees by one Credit Party of the obligations of another;        
      except that Scaled Composites may not guarantee the obligations of
      another Credit Party (other than the guarantees of (x) the obligations of
      the Company under the Senior Notes and (y) the obligations of each other
      Credit Party under this Financing Agreement) and the aggregate amount of
      the obligations of Scaled Composites guaranteed by the Credit Parties may
      not exceed $750,000, other than as contemplated by clauses (i) through
      (iii) above;

        5.10  Section 7.18 of the Financing Agreement shall be deleted in its
entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

        7.18  BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE.  On the sixth Business Day following
each week, each Borrower shall deliver to CITBC a Borrowing Base Certificate
setting forth such Borrower's Borrowing Base as of the close of business on
the last Business Day of such week, certified by the Vice President and
Treasurer of such Borrower, provided, however, that Scaled Composites shall
only be required to deliver such a Borrowing Base Certificate on the sixth
Business Day following each month setting forth such Borrower's Borrowing Base
as of the close of business on the last Business Day of such month in the event
that and so long as it has no Revolving Loans outstanding.

        5.11  The signature pages of the Financing Agreement shall be amended
by deleting the signature of WG Composites as a signatory Borrower and by
adding the signature of WG Composites as a signatory Credit Party

        SECTION 6.  CONDITION TO EFFECTIVENESS.  This Consent and Amendment
shall be effective as of the date first above written when CITBC shall have
received counterparts of this Consent and Amendment executed by all of the
Credit Parties.

        SECTION 7.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The Credit Parties hereby
each represent and warrant to CITBC that (a) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Consent and Amendment by each of the Credit Parties are
within their respective corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action, (b) no consent, approval, authorization of, or
declaration or filing with, any Governmental Body, and no consent of any other
Person, is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance 
of this Consent and Amendment except for those already duly obtained, (c) this
Consent and Amendment has been duly executed by each of the Credit Parties and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each




                                   6


<PAGE>   7


of the Credit Parties, enforceable against them in accordance with its terms,
(d) the execution, delviery and performance by each of the Credit Parties of
this Consent and Amendment does not and will not conflict with, or constitute a
violation or breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien upon the property of any Credit Party or any
of its Subsidiaries by reason of the terms of (i) any contract, mortgage, Lien,
lease, agreement, indenture, or instrument to which such Credit Party or such
Subsidiary is a party or which is binding upon it, (ii) any requirement of
Governmental Rule applicable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary, or (iii)
the Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of such Credit Party or
such Subsidiary, (e) the representations and warranties contained in the
Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in
all material respects as though made on and as of the date hereof, except to
the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to
an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties were true
and accurate on and as of such earlier date); and (f) there exists no Default
or Event of Default or condition which, after giving effect to the Sale, would
result in a Default or Event of Default.


SECTION 8.  Reference To and Effect on Loan Documents.
            -----------------------------------------

        8.1  Upon the effectiveness of this Consent and Amendment, on and after
the effective date hereof each reference in the Financing Agreement to "this
Agreement", "hereunder", "hereof", "herein" or words of like import, and each
reference in the other Loan Documents to the Financing Agreement, shall mean
and be a reference to the Financing Agreement as amended hereby.

        8.2  Except as specifically amended herein, all of the terms of the
Financing Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.

        8.3  Except as specifically provided herein, the execution, delivery
and effectiveness of this Consent and Amendment shall not operate as waiver of
any right, power or remedy of CITBC under the Financing Agreement or any of the
other Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Financing
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.


        SECTION 9.  EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS.  This Consent and Amendment may
be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

        SECTION 10.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Consent and Amendment shall be
governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws
of the State of New York.




                                    7


<PAGE>   8


        SECTION 11.  HEADINGS.  Section headings in this Consent and Amendment
are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute
a part of this Consent and Amendment or be given any substantive effect.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Consent and Amendment has been duly executed
as of the date first above written.

                                        WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY
                                        
                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon 
                                            ---------------------------         
                                        Title: Vice President 
                                               ------------------------


                                        WYMAN-GORDON COMPOSITES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                            ---------------------------
                                        Title: Vice President
                                               ------------------------


                                        SCALED COMPOSITES, INC.
                                        
                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon 
                                            ---------------------------         
                                        Title: Vice President 
                                               ------------------------


                                        WYMAN-GORDON INVESTMENT 
                                          CASTINGS, INC.
                                        
                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon 
                                            ---------------------------         
                                        Title: Vice President 
                                               ------------------------


                                        PRECISION FOUNDERS INC.
                                        
                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon 
                                            ---------------------------         
                                        Title: Vice President 
                                               ------------------------


                                        WYMAN-GORDON COMPOSITE 
                                          TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                        
                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon 
                                            ---------------------------         
                                        Title: Vice President 
                                               ------------------------


                                        WYMAN-GORDON FISC, LTD.
                                        
                                        By: /s/ Luis E. Leon 
                                            ---------------------------         
                                        Title: Vice President 
                                               ------------------------



                                  8

<PAGE>   9


                                          REISNER METALS, INC.

                                          By: /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                              ---------------------------
                                          Title: Vice President
                                                 ------------------------



                                          WG-ROME CORPORATION

                                          By: /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                              ---------------------------
                                          Title: Vice President
                                                 ------------------------



                                          WYMAN GORDON SECURITIES CORPORATION

                                          By: /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                              ---------------------------
                                          Title: Vice President
                                                 ------------------------



                                          THE CIT GROUP BUSINESS CREDIT, INC.

                                          By: /s/ Frank A. Grimaldi
                                              ---------------------------
                                          Title: AVP
                                                 ------------------------















                                   9


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.K
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>WAIVER
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.K



                          WAIVER AND SECOND AMENDMENT


                 WAIVER AND SECOND AMENDMENT, dated as of January 27, 1994
(this "Waiver and Amendment"), among Wyman-Gordon Company (the "Company"),
Scaled Composites, Inc., Wyman-Gordon Investment Castings, Inc., Precision
Founders Inc., Wyman-Gordon Composite Technologies, Inc., Wyman-Gordon FISC,
Ltd., Reisner Metals, Inc., WG-Rome Corporation, Wyman-Gordon Securities
Corporation and Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. (together with the Company, the
"Credit Parties") and The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. ("CITBC").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Credit Parties and CITBC are parties to a Financing
Agreement, dated March 8, 1993, as heretofore amended (as so amended, the
"Financing Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the Company is in non-compliance with the provisions of
Sections 7.8, 7.12 and 7.13 of the Financing Agreement as in effect immediately
prior to the effectiveness of this Waiver and Amendment;

         WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested that CITBC waive such
non-compliance and agree to certain amendments to the Financing Agreement;

         WHEREAS, CITBC is willing to so waive and agree on the condition that
certain other amendments herein set forth be made to the Financing Agreement,
and on the other terms and conditions herein set forth;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual conditions and
agreements set forth in this Waiver and Amendment and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, each of the Credit Parties and CITBC hereby agree as follows:

                 SECTION I..  DEFINED TERMS.  As used in this Waiver and
Amendment, terms defined in the Financing Agreement and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Financing Agreement.

                 SECTION II..  AMENDMENTS TO FINANCING AGREEMENT.  Effective as
of October 30, 1993, the Financing Agreement shall be amended as follows:

                 A.       The definition of the term "Interest Coverage" set
forth in Section 1 of the Financing Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety.
<PAGE>   2
                 B.       The definition of the term "Line of Credit Fee" set
forth in Section 1 of the Financing Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety,
and the following shall be substituted therefor:

                 LINE OF CREDIT FEE shall:  (i) mean the fee due CITBC at the
         end of each month for the Line of Credit, and (ii) be determined by
         multiplying the difference between the Line of Credit and the sum of
         (a) the average daily amount of the Liquidity Reserve for said month,
         (b) the average aggregate daily Revolving Loans of the Borrowers for
         said month and (c) the average aggregate daily amount available to be
         drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit of the Borrowers for
         said month, by one-half of one percent (0.5%) per annum for the number
         of days in said month.

                 C.       A new definition of the term "Liquidity Reserve"
shall be added to Section 1 of the Financing Agreement in correct alphabetical
order and shall read as follows:

                 LIQUIDITY RESERVE shall mean, as to all Borrowers, a reserve
         in the amount of up to Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) which CITBC
         shall establish and maintain as a reserve from, and reduction of,
         Availability on and after March 31, 1994, unless prior to such date
         either

                          (i) the Company shall have received from General
                 Electric Aircraft Engines or its affiliate, between January 1,
                 1994 and March 30, 1994, a sum of not less than Sixteen
                 Million Dollars ($16,000,000) in cash pursuant to the GE90
                 Program (the "GEAE 1st Quarter Payment"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
                 that if the amount received from General Electric Aircraft
                 Engines or its affiliate shall be less than $16,000,000, then
                 such reserve shall be established by CITBC in an amount equal
                 to (a) $10,000,000 MINUS (b) the product of (1) the amount of
                 the payment that the Company actually receives from General
                 Electric Aircraft Engines or its affiliate and (2) a fraction,
                 the numerator of which is five (5) and the denominator of
                 which is eight (8), or

                          (ii) the Company and General Electric Aircraft
                 Engines shall have entered into an agreement or commitment, in
                 form and substance satisfactory to CITBC, pursuant to which
                 General Electric Aircraft Engines or its affiliate shall have
                 agreed to pay to the Company the GEAE 1st Quarter Payment not
                 later than the date or dates specified therein, in cash and
                 without setoff or deduction; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such
                 reserve shall be reinstated in the event that such agreement
                 or commitment is terminated, waived, amended, supplemented or
                 modified in a manner which, in CITBC's




                                       2
<PAGE>   3
                 judgment, materially adversely affects the payment terms
                 thereof with respect to the Company,

         and which reserve, if established, shall be released (subject to
         clause (ii) above) when the Company shall have received the GEAE 1st
         Quarter Payment in full in cash from General Electric Aircraft Engines
         or entered into such agreement or commitment.

                 D.       The words "net interest expense" in the definition of
the term "EBITDA" set forth in Section 1 of the Financing Agreement shall be
deleted, and the words "Net Interest Expense" shall be substituted therefor.

                 E.       The second unnumbered paragraph of Section 3.1 of the
Financing Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following shall
be substituted therefor:

                 Revolving Loans for any Borrower may be made from time to
         time, provided, that, any such Loan shall not when made exceed an
         amount (such amount being the "Availability") equal to the lesser of
         (x) the excess of (i) the Line of Credit MINUS the sum of the
         aggregate Availability Reserve applicable to all Borrowers and the
         applicable Liquidity Reserve, over (ii) the sum of the aggregate
         outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans made to all Borrowers
         and the aggregate undrawn and unreimbursed amount of Letters of Credit
         issued on behalf of the Company and (y) the excess of (i) the
         Borrowing Base applicable to such Borrower, MINUS the sum of the
         Availability Reserve applicable to such Borrower and, if such Borrower
         is the Company, the applicable Liquidity Reserve, over (ii) the
         outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans made to such
         Borrower,PLUS, with respect to the Company, the aggregate undrawn and
         unreimbursed amount of Letters of Credit issued on behalf of such
         Borrower.

                 F.       Subsection (b) of Section 4.1 of the Financing
Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be
substituted therefor:

                 (b)      the aggregate undrawn and unreimbursed amount of all
         outstanding Letters of Credit issued on behalf of the Company, PLUS
         the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans made
         to all Borrowers, may not at any time exceed the Line of Credit MINUS
         the sum of the aggregate Availability Reserve applicable to all
         Borrowers and the applicable Liquidity Reserve;

                 G.       Subsection (c) of Section 4.1 of the Financing
Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be
substituted therefor:





                                       3
<PAGE>   4
         1.  the aggregate undrawn and unreimbursed amount of all outstanding
         Letters of Credit issued on behalf of the Company, PLUS the aggregate
         outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans made to the
         Company, may not at any time exceed the Company's Borrowing Base,
         MINUS the sum of the Company's Availability Reserve and the applicable
         Liquidity Reserve; and

                 H.       Section 7.8 of the Financing Agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

<TABLE>
                 7.8  MINIMUM TANGIBLE NET WORTH.  The Company shall maintain
         at all times during each fiscal period set forth below a Tangible Net
         Worth of not less than the amounts set forth opposite the respective
         fiscal periods:
<CAPTION>
                 Period                            Minimum Tangible Net Worth
                 ------                            --------------------------
         <S>                                                <C>
         Prior to and including
                 November 30, 1993                          $105,000,000
         December 1, 1993 through
                 December 31, 1993                          $ 99,500,000
         January 1, 1994 through
                 March 31, 1994                             $ 88,500,000
         April 1, 1994 through
                 June 30, 1994                              $ 87,500,000
         July 1, 1994 through
                 November 30, 1994                          $ 86,500,000
         On December 1, 1994 and
                 at all times
                 thereafter                                 $ 89,700,000
</TABLE>


                 I.       Section 7.12 of the Financing Agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

<TABLE>
                 7.12  ADJUSTED QUICK RATIO.  The Company shall maintain at all
         times during each fiscal quarter set forth below an Adjusted Quick
         Ratio of at least the ratio set forth opposite the respective fiscal
         quarters:
<CAPTION>
                 Fiscal Quarters                            Ratio
                 ---------------                            -----
                 <S>                                        <C> 
                 March 1994                                 1.32
                 June 1994                                  1.38
                 September 1994                             1.42
                 December 1994 and
                    at all times thereafter                 1.58
</TABLE>





                                      4
<PAGE>   5

                 J.       Section 7.13 of the Financing Agreement shall be
deleted in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted therefor:

<TABLE>
                 7.13  EBITDA.  The Company shall have, at the last day of each
         fiscal period set forth below, cumulative EBITDA of at least the
         amount set forth opposite the respective fiscal periods (it being
         understood that, if the amount set forth below for any such period is
         a negative number, the negative magnitude of the Company's cumulative
         EBITDA at the last day of such period shall not exceed such negative
         amount):

<CAPTION>
         FISCAL PERIODS                                             COVERAGE
         --------------                                             --------
         <S>                                                        <C>
         12 months ended December 31, 1993                          ($ 2,500,000)
         3 months ended March 31, 1994                              ($11,400,000)
         6 months ended June 30, 1994                               ($ 9,000,000)
         9 months ended September 30, 1994                          ($ 6,300,000)
         12 months ended December 31, 1994                          ($ 2,000,000)
</TABLE>

         The required minimum cumulative EBITDA coverage for each fiscal period
         after December 31, 1994 shall be established by CITBC not later than
         December 31, 1994 based upon and consistent with the quarterly
         financial budget prepared by the Company pursuant to clause (a) of
         Section 7.7 hereof and approved by CITBC.

                 SECTION III..  WAIVER.      Upon the effectiveness of this
Waiver and Amendment and in reliance upon the representations set forth in
Section 6 hereof, CITBC hereby waives any Default or Event of Default that has
occurred or exists arising from, or as a result of, solely the Company's
noncompliance with the provisions of Sections 7.8, 7.12 and 7.13 of the
Financing Agreement as such provisions were in effect immediately prior to the
effectiveness of this Waiver and Amendment.

                 SECTION IV..  WAIVER AND AMENDMENT FEE.    In order to induce
CITBC to enter into this Waiver and Amendment, the Borrowers, jointly and
severally, shall, simultaneously with the execution of this Waiver and
Amendment, pay to CITBC an amendment fee (the "Waiver and Amendment Fee") in
the aggregate amount of $10,000.

                 SECTION V..  CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS.  This Waiver and
Amendment shall be effective as of the date first above written when CITBC
shall have received 1. counterparts of this Waiver and Amendment executed by
all of the Credit Parties, and 2.  payment of the Waiver and Amendment Fee.

                 SECTION VI..  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The





                                       5
<PAGE>   6
Credit Parties hereby each represent and warrant to CITBC that 1. the
execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver and Amendment by each of the
Credit Parties are within their respective corporate powers and have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, 2. no consent, approval,
authorization of, or declaration or filing with, any Governmental Body, and no
consent of any other Person, is required in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance of this Waiver and Amendment except for those already
duly obtained, 3. this Waiver and Amendment has been duly executed by each of
the Credit Parties and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
each of the Credit Parties, enforceable against them in accordance with its
terms, 4. the execution, delivery and performance by each of the Credit Parties
of this Waiver and Amendment does not and will not conflict with, or constitute
a violation or breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien upon the property of any Credit Party or any
of its Subsidiaries by reason of the terms of a. any contract, mortgage, Lien,
lease, agreement, indenture, or instrument to which such Credit Party or such
Subsidiary is a party or which is binding upon it, b. any requirement of
Governmental Rule applicable to such Credit Party or such Subsidiary, or c. the
Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of such Credit Party or
such Subsidiary, 5.  the representations and warranties contained in the
Financing Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all
material respects as though made on and as of the date hereof, except to the
extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate solely to an
earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties were true and
accurate on and as of such earlier date); and 6. other than the Company's
noncompliance with the provisions of Sections 7.8, 7.12 and 7.13 of the
Financing Agreement as such provisions were in effect immediately prior to the
effectiveness of this Waiver and Amendment, there exists no Default or Event of
Default (including, without limitation, no Default or Event of Default with
respect to the provisions of Sections 7.8, 7.12 or 7.13 of the Financing
Agreement as amended hereby).

                 SECTION VII..  REFERENCE TO AND EFFECT ON LOAN DOCUMENTS.

                 A.  Upon the effectiveness of this Waiver and Amendment, on
and after the effective date hereof each reference in the Financing Agreement
to "this Agreement", "hereunder", "hereof", "herein" or words of like import,
and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Financing Agreement,
shall mean and be a reference to the Financing Agreement as amended hereby.

                 B.  Except as specifically amended herein, all of the terms of
the Financing Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.





                                       6
<PAGE>   7
                 C.       Except as specifically provided herein, the
execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Waiver and Amendment shall not
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of CITBC under the Financing
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any
provision of the Financing Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

                 SECTION VIII..  EXECUTION IN COUNTERPARTS.  This Waiver and
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

                 SECTION IX..  GOVERNING LAW.  This Waiver and Amendment shall
be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York.

                 SECTION X..  HEADINGS.  Section headings in this Waiver and
Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not
constitute a part of this Waiver and Amendment or be given any substantive
effect.

                 SECTION XI..  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Waiver and Amendment,
the Financing Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire
agreement between the Credit Parties and CITBC; supersede any prior agreements;
can be changed only by a writing signed by each Borrower and CITBC; and shall
bind and benefit each Credit Party and CITBC and their respective successors
and assigns.


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Waiver and Amendment has been duly
executed as of the date first above written.


                                    WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. - Finance and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------


                                    SCALED COMPOSITES, INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: Vice President
                                          -----------------------





                                       7
<PAGE>   8
                                    WYMAN-GORDON INVESTMENT
                                      CASTINGS, INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------




                                    PRECISION FOUNDERS INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------



                                    WYMAN-GORDON COMPOSITE
                                      TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: Vice President
                                          -----------------------



                                    WYMAN-GORDON FISC, LTD.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------



                                    REISNER METALS, INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------



                                    WG-ROME CORPORATION

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------



                                    WYMAN GORDON SECURITIES CORPORATION

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------




                                       8
<PAGE>   9
                                    WYMAN-GORDON COMPOSITES, INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Luis E. Leon
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: V.P. and Treasurer
                                          -----------------------



                                    THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC.

                                    By:  /s/ Frank A. Grimaldi
                                        -------------------------

                                    Title: AVP
                                          -----------------------





                                       9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 13




                              WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY

                                 Annual Report

                                      1993

<PAGE>   2
<TABLE>
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

<CAPTION>
                                      1993         1992        1991
                             --------------------------------------
                             (000's omitted, except per share data)
                             --------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenue                           $239,761    $298,881    $355,390

Income (loss) before one-time
  charges and income taxes         (17,004)     21,795     (19,287)

Restructuring, disposals and
  other charges (pre-tax)                -           -    (106,464)

Income (loss) before cumulative
  effect of changes in
  accounting principles            (17,004)     21,795     (99,681)

Cumulative effect of changes
  in accounting principles         (43,000)          -           -

Net income (loss)                  (60,004)     21,795     (99,681)

Cash at end of year                 14,817           -       4,521

Working capital                     90,685      96,057     110,859

Total assets                       286,634     295,156     339,154

Total Indebtedness                  90,538      70,615      92,692

Backlog                            256,259     309,679     386,905

Per share data:

  Income (loss) before cumulative
     effect of changes in
     accounting principles            (.95)       1.21       (5.59)

  Cumulative effect of changes
     in accounting principles        (2.39)          -           -

  Net income (loss)                  (3.34)       1.21       (5.59)

  Dividends paid                         -           -         .30

  Stockholders' equity                4.91        8.37        7.18
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   3
                                    CONTENTS





                               Chairman's Letter



                        A Special Note from the Chairman



                            Management's Discussion



                         Report of Independent Auditors



            Consolidated Statements of Income and Retained Earnings



                          Consolidated Balance Sheets



                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows



                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



                     Consolidated Ten-Year Financial Review



                             Corporate Information
<PAGE>   4
                               CHAIRMAN'S LETTER


     Over the past several years, the financial results of the global aerospace
industry have been slashed by a double-edged sword.  Large and permanent
reductions in defense spending on one edge...and, world wide economic malaise
impacting commercial air travel on the other.
     Virtually every company involved in the aerospace industry has been
affected...our customers...our vendors...ourselves.
     In 1993, Wyman-Gordon revenues were $239.8 million, a reduction of nearly
20% from 1992 revenues of $298.9 million.  More importantly, the year-to-year
fall in the aerospace market has been accelerating since 1991 and we have
struggled to reduce our costs as fast as the decline in our revenues.
     A brief recap of the aggressive steps taken by the Company from the
beginning of 1991 through 1993 includes...

          -    the consolidation of our two forging facilities in
     Massachusetts,
          -    a 43% reduction in personnel at continuing operations,
          -    substantial and permanent reductions in working capital
               requirements,
          -    a 45% improvement in production cycle times at our Forgings
               Division,
          -    strategic, long-term partnerships with key customers,
          -    divestiture of non-core operations,
          -    the development of new products and markets.

     Unfortunately, this extensive program was not enough to return us to
profitability in 1993.  The aerospace market continued to free-fall through
1993 as evidenced by the decline in both the airframe and engine

<PAGE>   5

markets, primarily the result of poor financial performance by the airlines, a
current over abundance of airplanes, and the cancellation of certain military
programs.
     While decreased revenue was one factor in the Company's net loss of $60.0
million, or $(3.34) per share in 1993, other financial events also had a major
impact on our bottom-line.  Principal among these was a one-time, non-cash
charge of $43 million or $(2.39) per share recorded in connection with the
Company's adoption of SFAS No. 106, "Accounting For Post- Retirement Benefits
Other Than Pensions".  Also, in the fourth quarter of 1993, the Company
recorded one-time, non-cash charges which include the loss on the disposal of 
its Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. business located in Buena Park, California.
     In 1993, the Company refinanced existing debt through the successful
issuance of $90 million of 10 3/4% ten-year term, unsecured Senior Notes, and
the signing of a new $40 million working capital facility under which we have
not had to borrow other than for letters of credit.  Also in 1993, the Company
improved liquidity as cash on hand increased by $14.8 million over the previous
year.
     The following is a brief review of the operations that comprise
Wyman-Gordon...
     As noted above, in 1993 we sold Wyman-Gordon Composites to Kaiser
Aerospace & Electronics Corporation.  This composites operation was losing
money, and did not fit with our overall corporate plan to concentrate in those
areas where we have strengths.  Consequently we decided to stem our losses and
to focus our aerospace composites business on Scaled Composites, Inc., our
advanced composites research and design subsidiary.

<PAGE>   6

     Scaled Composites, which is located in Mojave, California, once again had
a very successful year in 1993, both in terms of its financial performance and
with several programs involving the design, fabrication and testing of advanced
prototypes primarily for aerospace and automotive customers.  Scaled Composites
has established a leadership position in unmanned flight systems for
specialized reconnaissance flights and communication missions.  Scaled
Composites' innovation and technology provide Wyman-Gordon with expansion
opportunities in new markets.
     Wyman-Gordon Investment Castings' operations share many of the same
commercial and military aerospace customers as our forgings operations.  And,
as a consequence, these castings operations also felt the recession in the
aerospace marketplace and suffered a loss of revenue.
     Wyman-Gordon Investment Castings has reacted to the challenges of drastic
cut-backs in both the military and commercial aircraft and engine markets by
reducing costs, improving productivity, developing new products and markets,
and eliminating non-profitable operations.  With regard to the last, the
Company shut down its facility in Franklin, New Hampshire in 1993.  The
Company's operations in Groton, Connecticut; Tilton, New Hampshire; San
Leandro, California; and Carson City, Nevada are continuing to seek ways to
reduce costs.
     In June of 1993, the Board of Directors of Wyman-Gordon Company elected
Frank J. Zugel, Vice-President - General Manager of Wyman-Gordon Investment
Castings.  Since his arrival, Mr. Zugel has been instrumental in broadening
our investment castings market focus.  Examples of this include advanced
components for machinery in the electrical power, transportation and sports
equipment industries.

<PAGE>   7

     Castings manufacturing has also begun to move towards cellular
manufacturing which improves customer focus and reduces costs while promoting
employee involvement.
     Wyman-Gordon's Forgings Division continues to be the largest of the
Company's operations.  While we continue to focus on cost reduction at this
division, we also plan to expand into new markets which use our core
metallurgical and manufacturing strengths.
     We are very excited about recent developments regarding new products.  New
programs currently underway at our Forgings Division include...
          -    Large diameter, high-temperature turbine disc forgings for Land
Based Gas Turbine (LBGT) applications.  A large market is developing here.
Land based gas turbines, which are used to generate electricity, had
traditionally used components which had been forged of alloy steel, a market
which was served by integrated steel mill companies.  Now, in order to improve
fuel efficiency and address environmental concerns, land based gas turbine
manufacturers have turned to high-temperature, nickel-based superalloys for the
production of the 80 to 100-inch diameter turbine disc forgings required for
these turbines.
               Our Forgings Division's experience with aerospace gas turbine
technology, high- temperature alloys and our 50,000 ton press, fits quite well
with the needs of this marketplace.  We are currently producing a number of
large land based gas turbine discs for General Electric Company and anticipate
certification by GE by mid-1994.  This will gain us entrance to a world-wide
market with a significant potential for Wyman-Gordon.
          -    Nuclear forgings for General Electric's Advanced Boiling

<PAGE>   8

Water Reactor (ABWR).  While nuclear power generation is languishing in the 
United States, it is the energy source of choice in numerous other countries, 
including Japan. The stainless steel forgings which the Forgings Division 
is producing for GE will be used as control rod drive housings and in-core 
monitor housings for two ABWR's currently under construction in Japan for 
the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO), the world's largest private utility.  
TEPCO began construction on its first ABWR unit in September of 1991 and 
broke ground on a second unit in 1992.  Wyman-Gordon forging orders for these 
two stations amount to more than $5 million.  Of greater significance, these 
two nuclear plants are considered the prototypes for many more planned 
throughout the balance of the century.
          -    Massive titanium bulkhead forgings for the Lockheed/Boeing F-22.
In what has to be considered a breakthrough in closed-die forging technology,
the Forgings Division is producing a series of the largest closed-die titanium
forgings ever made.  The first of the series is a one-piece, proof-of-concept,
Ti 6A1-4V aft fuselage engine bay frame forging for the Lockheed/Boeing F-22
advanced tactical fighter.  This massive, single-piece bulkhead is 150 inches
long, 66 inches wide, weighs 3,500 pounds and has a plan view area of over
8,000 square inches...about the same footprint as a standard pickup truck.
             Based upon the success of this proof-of-concept forging, the
Company was awarded contracts for all four of the single-piece bulkheads for
the F-22 and recently received orders to produce a number of large, titanium
one-piece bulkheads for two new versions of the McDonnell Douglas/Northrop
F/A-18 Hornet.
             Our success in pushing the state-of-the-art in the forging of
huge, single-piece, titanium airframe components is sending aerospace

<PAGE>   9

engineers back to their computers with a new outlook toward the design of large
bulkhead parts, generally considered to be the essential building blocks of
today's aircraft.
          The second, and equally important, facet of our internal
strengthening plan at the Forgings Division involves process improvements which
currently include...
                  -  Systems.  In the first quarter of 1993, the Forgings
Division introduced a new, completely integrated, computer controlled
manufacturing and financial control system.  This system was designed for the
needs of job shop manufacturers.  After some start-up problems, the new system
is on-line and has greatly enhanced the flow of information to and from all
areas of the Forgings Division.  Ultimately, this system will give the Company
another leading-edge management tool which will provide timely and accurate
information to manage the business...increase productivity and "thruput"...and
reduce costs.
                  -  Reorganization.  1993 saw the fine tuning of a new
organizational structure which was implemented at our Forgings Division in
1992.  Our organization of customer-based business units, each consisting of
employees working in cross-functional teams, has empowered our people with
responsibility, authority, accountability and, most importantly, the impetus to
develop, prioritize, decide and act.
                  -  Quality (TQM/SPC).  The critical GE90 engine program,
which we will touch upon later in this letter, is literally changing our
approach to quality and the way we do business.  Since the inception of this
program in 1990, our Forgings Division has been involved in concurrent design
engineering with General Electric, and in the development of a quality system
which will accommodate this new way of doing business.  In 1993 our new quality
system was approved by GE,

<PAGE>   10

thus enabling a seamless flow of GE90 forgings from our shop floor to General
Electric.  We believe that this is the way that all future business will be 
conducted.  
        In 1993, we installed computerized statistical process control  (SPC)
data acquisition systems at all of our key processing centers.  And, we 
established statistical process capabilities for alloy process equipment 
families which are the bases of our continuous improvement efforts.
        Finally, as the overall structure of our Forgings Division has been
reconfigured, we have been re-writing our quality business system using
ISO-9000, an international quality standard, as the basic framework.
                  -  Cycle time reduction.  This need is the result of external
demands...the demands of our customers for shorter delivery times.  Over the
past two years we have reduced our cycle time from an average of 22 weeks to an
average of 12 weeks.  While we are pleased with this improvement, we also
recognize that more needs to be done in this area in order to maintain our
status as a world class manufacturer.

        Most of our shareholders are familiar  with our outreach to and
partnerships with major customers.  These programs  include our participation
as a supplier-partner to General Electric on the  production of all of the
major forged rotating parts for the GE9O engine. The  GE90 is scheduled to be
certified for the Boeing 777 in November of 1994.  General Electric has 88 firm
orders and 58 options on this engine.

        Our partnership with Pratt & Whitney and Western Aerospace, an
Australian firm, involving the design, construction and operation of a plant in
Perth, Australia, for the production of aerospace grade,

<PAGE>   11

nickel-based superalloy casting and forging stock, is progressing on schedule.
Western Australian Specialty Alloys (WASA), began its melting trials in the
fourth quarter of 1993 and is currently producing qualification heats for
casting applications.  Initial runs to produce forging ingot will begin in the
second quarter of 1994 and, by the first quarter of 1995, it is anticipated
that WASA will have shipped material to Wyman-Gordon for subsequent forging and
qualification by Pratt & Whitney.
     Our Forgings Division is also involved in other plans which are an
integral part of strengthening the Company through external sources.
     In 1993 we set up an office and a staff in Moscow, Russia, a preliminary
step to establishing marketing and manufacturing relationships in Russia and in
other states of the newly formed Confederation of Independent States.  This
action was undertaken in response to the opportunities which exist in this
developing economic arena.  Progress has been made and strong relationships are
developing which have led to new orders.
     Of course the most significant factor of our plan to strengthen the
Company is the acquisition of Cameron Forged Products, a company with one of
the best reputations in the forging industry.
     On January 14, 1994, having obtained clearance for the transaction from
the Federal Trade Commission, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement with Cooper which, if ratified by Wyman-Gordon stockholders, will
complete the acquisition of Cameron Forged Products for 16.5 million new shares
of Wyman-Gordon common stock and $5 million in cash, payable in future periods
as provided in the Stock Purchase Agreement.
     Cameron produces high quality forgings and extrusions in major

<PAGE>   12

manufacturing facilities in Houston, Texas (1,283,800 square foot plant) and in
Livingston, Scotland (517,200 square foot plant).  Cameron also operates a
superalloy powder metals facility in Brighton, Michigan.  Cameron has a wide
range of forging presses including an 8,000 ton isothermal press and hydraulic
presses from  11,000-ton to 55,000-ton capacities.  Several of these presses
are designed to utilize a multiple-ram forging technique, and three of the
presses have exceptionally large extrusion capabilities.  Most of Cameron's
large presses are equipped with computer controls, as are Wyman-Gordon's, to
ensure process repeatability.
     Both Wyman-Gordon and Cameron participate in the all-important jet engine
market, and, combined with them, we will have the largest share of that market.
     Each company also has strengths in markets where the other does
not...Wyman-Gordon in the large airframe forging market, Cameron in the power
generation and offshore drilling extrusion market.  Each of these companies
brings its own uniqueness to the marketplace...and each brings certain
similarities.
     The uniqueness of each company will increase market opportunities, while
similarities will, in concert, add strength through efficiency and cost
reduction.
     The combination of these companies will create a new and innovative
forging company.  One with extended global reach, enhanced technical expertise
and exceptional manufacturing facilities.
     We enter a new chapter in the one hundred and eleven year history of
Wyman-Gordon Company.  We firmly believe that the employees who have been so
dedicated to the success of both Wyman- Gordon and Cameron will bring that same
sense of dedication to this unique new enterprise.

<PAGE>   13

                                        _______________________
                                        John M. Nelson
                                        Chairman and
                                        Chief Executive Officer


                                        ________________________
                                        David P. Gruber
                                        President and
                                        Chief Operating Officer

<PAGE>   14
     A special note from the Chairman...


          I am pleased to announce that, effective with this year's Annual
Stockholders Meeting, I will turn over my duties as Chief Executive Officer to
David P. Gruber.
          I have worked with David Gruber for sixteen years, both at the former
Norton Company and at Wyman-Gordon.  In October of 1991, five months after I
became CEO at Wyman-Gordon, we hired Mr. Gruber as President and Chief
Operating Officer with the anticipation that he would become CEO in two to
three years.  He has been totally responsible for running the Company's
operations on a day-by-day basis, as well as participating in all top
management decisions.  Mr. Gruber is extremely qualified to step into the
position of CEO, and I am pleased that the Board of Directors has approved this
transition plan.
          I will continue as Chairman of the Board of Directors and both Mr.
Gruber and I look forward to an exciting and challenging future for
Wyman-Gordon.



                                        _______________________
                                        John M. Nelson
                                        Chairman


<PAGE>   15

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION



Business segment, products and markets

  Wyman-Gordon Company, founded in 1883, operates primarily in one business
segment and is a leading producer of highly engineered, technically advanced
components, primarily for the aerospace industry.  The Company uses forging and
investment casting technologies to produce components to exacting customer
specifications for technically demanding applications such as jet turbine
engines and airframes and designs and produces prototype products using
composite technologies.  The Company manufactures components for most of the
major commercial and United States defense aerospace programs.  The Company
believes that it is the only firm to provide the aerospace industry with a
combination of forging, casting and composites technologies for the production
of high quality components and prototypes, and that it produces the broadest
offering of aerospace forgings available on the market.
  The Company's Forgings Division operates a number of hydraulic forging
presses which are rated from 8,000 tons to 50,000 tons capacity, steam-driven
forging hammers from 1,000 pounds to 35,000 pounds and a 220 ton ring-rolling
mill.  This equipment is used to produce a wide range of open-and closed-die
forgings and seamless rolled rings from alloys of aluminum, steel and titanium
as well as high-temperature nickel-based alloys.  The Forgings Division also
uses advanced metal-working techniques such as hot-die forging and isothermal
forging to produce highly configured near-net shape components.  The Forgings
Division melts titanium into ingot and converts ingot to billet in its cogging
presses.  These billets are principally used in the production of forgings, but
may be sold as-is or converted into bar product or engineered mults for
subsequent sale.
  The Company's investment castings operations, Wyman-Gordon Investment
Castings, Inc.  (WGIC) uses modern, automated, high-volume production equipment
and both air-melt and vacuum-melt furnaces to produce a wide variety of
sophisticated, complex investment castings.  WGIC investment castings are made
of a range of metal alloys including aluminum and magnesium, steel, titanium
and high-temperature nickel-based alloys.
  The Company's composite operation, Scaled Composites, Inc., plans, proposes,
designs, fabricates and tests prototypes for aerospace, automotive and other
customers.

<PAGE>   16
<TABLE>
     The principal markets served by the Company are commercial aerospace and
defense equipment.  Revenue from these markets over the last three years,
excluding the Company's automotive crankshaft operations divested in 1991, has
been as follows:

<CAPTION>
                                1993            1992            1991
                      --------------  --------------  --------------  
                                % of            % of            % of
                      Revenue  Total  Revenue  Total  Revenue  Total
                      -------  -----  -------  -----  -------  -----
<S>                  <C>        <C>  <C>         <C> <C>          <C>
Commercial aerospace $127,635   53%  $171,312    57% $161,075     53%

Defense equipment     101,329   42    113,029    38   135,573     44

Other                  10,797    5     14,540     5     9,982      3
                     --------  ---   --------   ---  --------    ---

     Total           $239,761  100%  $298,881   100% $306,630    100%
                     ========  ===   ========   ===  ========    ===
</TABLE>



<TABLE>
     The backlog of unfilled orders from customers in the various markets at
year-end over the last three years has been as follows:

<CAPTION>
                                1993            1992            1991
                      --------------  --------------  --------------  
                                % of            % of            % of
                      Backlog  Total  Backlog  Total  Backlog  Total
                      -------  -----  -------  -----  -------  -----
<S>                  <C>        <C>  <C>         <C> <C>          <C>
Commercial aerospace $167,740   65%  $205,771    66% $266,103     69%

Defense equipment      82,000   32     97,224    31   103,648     27

Other                   6,519    3      6,684     3    17,154      4
                     --------  ---   --------   ---  --------    ---

     Total           $256,259  100%  $309,679   100% $386,905    100%
                     ========  ===   ========   ===  ========    ===
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   17

Results of operations and financial condition

1993 Compared to 1992

     Revenues for 1993 decreased $59.1 million or 19.8% from 1992.  This
decline in revenues was primarily attributable to continued sluggishness in the
commercial aerospace industry during 1993.
     Gross margins in 1993 were $16.5 million or 6.9% of revenues as compared
to $50.8 million or 17.0% of revenues in 1992.  The Company's gross margins
excluding depreciation were 12.4% and 21.5% of revenues in 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  The decline in gross margins during 1993 as compared to 1992 is
a result of (1) lower production volume, (2) lower LIFO credits recorded in
1993 as compared to 1992 and (3) competitive pricing which is continuing to
place pressure on the Company's gross margins.  LIFO inventory credits, which
include both LIFO liquidation and deflation effects, of $7.9 million and $22.8
million were recognized in 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Excluding depreciation
and the benefits of the LIFO credit, the Company's gross margins were 9.1% and
15.0% of revenues in 1993 and 1992, respectively.
     Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to $22.5  million
in 1993 from $23.5 million in 1992, but increased as a percent of revenues from
7.9% in 1992 to 9.4% in 1993 resulting from the revenue decline.  Selling,
general and administrative expenses, excluding depreciation, as a percent of
revenues were 8.9% and 7.5% in 1993 and 1992, respectively. The decrease in
selling, general and administrative expenses is mainly due to lower payroll
costs from reductions in personnel.  Selling, general and administrative
expenses in 1993 include a $2.4 million fourth quarter charge resulting from a
change in estimated cash surrender values provided by the Company's insurance
actuaries on Company-owned life insurance policies.
     In November 1993, the Company sold substantially all of the net assets and
business operations of its Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. operations.  The
Company recorded a non-cash charge on the sale in 1993 of $2.5 million.
     Interest expense increased to $9.9 million in 1993 from $5.8 million in
1992 primarily as a result of higher interest rates on the 10.75% Senior Notes
due 2003 (the "Senior Notes") as compared to that on the debt retired with the
proceeds of the Senior Notes.  The average debt balance was $87.7 million and
$84.8 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively.  The Company also wrote off $1.7
million in bank fees related to the Company's prior credit facility during
1993.
     Miscellaneous, net income was $1.3 million in 1993 and $0.3 million in
1992.  Miscellaneous income in 1993 reflects primarily the gain of
approximately $3.3 million on the sale of an investment.  Miscellaneous income
in 1992 reflects primarily the gain of approximately $0.9 million on the sale
of an investment and a gain of approximately $0.6 million from a settlement of
an overfunded pension plan terminated in a prior year.

<PAGE>   18

1992 Compared to 1991

     Revenues for 1992 decreased $56.5 million or 15.9% from 1991, primarily as
a result of the inclusion of $48.8 million in revenue from the Company's
divested automotive crankshaft operations in 1991.  Excluding the effects of
the divested automotive crankshaft operations, in 1992 the Company experienced
a decrease in revenues of $7.7 million or 2.5% from 1991.  This decrease was
primarily attributable to a decrease in revenues of approximately $22.5 million
in the defense aerospace market, offset in part by an increase in revenues of
approximately $10.2 million in the commercial aerospace market.  The increase
in commercial aerospace revenues was primarily attributable to shipments of
parts for the larger jet engines manufactured by General Electric and Pratt &
Whitney for widebody aircraft.
     The Company's gross margins excluding the divested crankshaft operations
increased to 17.0% of revenues in 1992 from 5.2% of revenues in 1991.
The Company's gross margins, excluding depreciation and the divested automotive
crankshaft operations, improved to 21.5% of revenues in 1992 from 11.1% of
revenues in 1991.  The Company believes that the majority of this increase is
attributable to the implementation of various management programs designed to
improve operating performance of the Company.  Specifically, the increase in
gross margins is attributable to (1) a LIFO credit of $22.8 million in 1992 as
compared to $2.6 million in 1991, (2) significant reductions in personnel, (3)
improved production cycle times, and (4) lower energy expense due to the
renegotiation of a power contract.  Excluding the benefit of the LIFO credit,
depreciation and the divested automotive crankshaft operations, the Company's
gross margins increased to 13.9% of revenues in 1992 from 10.2% of revenues in
1991.
<PAGE>   19
     Selling, general and administrative expenses excluding the divested
automotive crankshaft operations, as a percentage of revenue was 9.0% in 1991
and 7.9% in 1992.  Selling, general and administrative expenses from ongoing
operations, excluding depreciation, decreased from $26.3 million in 1991 to
$22.4 million in 1992 or, as a percentage of revenues from ongoing operations,
from 8.6% in 1991 to 7.5% in 1992.  Selling, general and administrative
expenses, excluding depreciation, from the divested automotive crankshaft
operations totalled $3.1 million during 1991.  The decrease in selling, general
and administrative expenses from 1991 to 1992 was attributable to lower salary
and fringe benefit expenses due to lower personnel levels and the divestiture
of the automotive crankshaft operations.
     Interest expense and miscellaneous, net decreased from $10.6 million in
1991 to $5.5 million in 1992, or 48.1%.  Interest expense decreased $2.3
million (or 28.3%) during 1992 when compared to 1991 as a result of lower
interest rates (the average rate was 6.5% in 1992 compared to 8.2% in 1991) and
lower debt balances (average debt was $84.8 million in 1992 compared to $96.6
million in 1991).
     The increase in miscellaneous income during 1992 is primarily attributable
to the gain on the sale of an investment totaling approximately $0.9 million,
and a gain of approximately $0.6 million from a settlement of an over-funded
pension plan terminated in a prior year.
     No provision for income taxes was recorded in 1992 because the Company
used tax deductions, primarily related to the restructuring reserve recorded in
1991, which had not been previously recognized as reductions in the tax
provision in the prior years' financial statements.
<PAGE>   20

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Cash provided by operations in 1993 resulted primarily from $1.0  million
in earnings before depreciation and amortization, the non-cash loss on the sale
of production facilities and the adoption of SFAS 106 (see Accounting and Tax
Matters) and decreases in working capital of $23.0 million, offset by increases
in non-working capital items of $7.1 million and expenditures of $9.6 million
for restructuring, disposal and environmental activities.
     As of December 31, 1993, the Company expects to spend $0.6 million in 1994
and $5.4 million thereafter on environmental activities. The Company has
completed all environmental projects within establish timetables and is
continuing to do so at the present time.  In connection with its 1991
restructuring, the Company expects to expend an additional $12.7 million over
the next several years, including approximately $3.8 million in 1994 and $8.9
million thereafter.  For 1994 and thereafter, these expenditures include
consolidation and reconfiguration of existing facilities of $3.0 million in
1994 and $7.1 million thereafter, and severance costs of $0.8 million in 1994
and $1.8 million thereafter.
     During 1991 and the years which followed, the Company has made substantial
progress in implementing its 1991 restructuring plan.  The consolidation and
reconfiguration of the Company's two Massachusetts forging facilities is
substantially complete, there are some retooling and relocation activities
which still remain to be completed in 1994 and thereafter.  The process of
divesting the Company's automotive crankshaft operations is virtually complete
with minor costs remaining.
     In 1991 the Company charged $52.6 million against the newly established
reserve, $51.9 million of non-cash charges to write assets down to their
realizable value and $0.7 million of cash charges incurred from consolidation
and reconfiguration of existing facilities.  In 1992 the Company charged $2.4
million of non-cash charges against the reserve in order to write-down certain
assets after consolidation and reconfiguration to their realizable value, cash
charges were made against the reserve for consolidation and reconfiguration of
existing facilities of $21.1 million and for severance and related costs of
$2.2 million.  In 1993 the Company made non-cash charges against the reserve of
$1.7 million due to a write-off of inventory which had been on hand prior to
December 31, 1991 and was identified as excess or obsolete, cash charges were
made against the reserve for consolidation and reconfiguration of existing
facilities of $4.8 million and for severance and related costs of $2.0 million.

<PAGE>   21
<TABLE>
     A summary of charges made or estimated against 1991 restructuring and
disposal reserves is as follows: (000's millions):

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,

<CAPTION>
                    1991    1992    1993    1994  Thereafter  Total
     CASH           ----    ----    ----    ----  ----------  -----
     ----
<S>                 <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>
Consolidation and
 Reconfiguration
 of existing
 facilities         $ 0.7   $21.1    $4.8    $3.0    $7.1     $36.7

Severance               -     2.2     2.0     0.8     1.8       6.8
                    -----   -----    ----    ----    ----     -----
 Total cash
  charges             0.7    23.3     6.8     3.8     8.9      43.5


     Non-Cash

Asset Revaluation    51.9     2.4     1.7       -       -      56.0
                    -----   -----    ----    ----    ----     -----
Total charges
 against reserve    $52.6   $25.7    $8.5    $3.8    $8.9     $99.5
                    =====   =====    ====    ====    ====     =====
</TABLE>


     The Company from time to time expends cash on capital expenditures for
more cost effective operations and joint development programs with the
Company's customers.  Capital expenditures amounted to $10.2 million, $11.2
million and $13.9 million in the years ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993,
respectively.  Capital expenditures in the foreseeable future are not expected
to vary materially from historical levels.  As of December 31, 1993, the
Company had contributed $4.1 million in cash towards its share of the capital
requirements of its Australian joint venture for the production of nickel-based
superalloy.  The Company is committed to contribute an additional $3.4 million
to the joint venture.  However, the joint venture has entered into a credit
agreement with an Australian bank which the Company expects will provide
sufficient liquidity to meet the joint venture's future cash requirements.  The
Company has guaranteed 25% of the joint venture's obligations under the credit
agreement, this guarantee expires at such time as the joint venture
demonstrates its ability to produce commercially acceptable products.  In
addition, the Company has committed to expend $5.7 million on a waste water
treatment facility to comply with an administrative order, of which $1.4
million had been spent as of December 31, 1993.

<PAGE>   22
     On March 16, 1993, the Company issued $90.0 million of 10 3/4% Senior
Notes due 2003.  The Company used approximately $75.0 million of net proceeds
from the sale of the Senior Notes, together with its new working capital credit
facility discussed below, to retire indebtedness, replace outstanding letters
of credit and terminate its Prior Credit Agreement.
     In conjunction with the issuance of the Senior Notes, the Company
contemporaneously entered into a three year $40.0 million revolving credit
agreement with a lending institution.  With the exception of the issuance of
letters of credit, there are no borrowings under this credit facility.
     The primary sources of liquidity available in 1994 to fund the Company's
operations, anticipated expenditures in connection with its 1991 restructuring,
planned capital expenditures and planned environmental expenditures include
available cash ($14.8 million at December 31, 1993), borrowing availability
under the Company's $40.0 million revolving credit agreement, cash generated by
operations and reductions in working capital requirements through planned
inventory reductions and accounts receivable management.
     Cash from operations and debt are expected to be the Company's primary
sources of liquidity beyond 1994.  The Company believes that it has adequate
resources to provide for its operations and the funding of restructuring,
capital and environmental expenditures.
     The Company's current plans to improve operating results include further
reductions of personnel and various other cost reduction measures.  Programs to
expand the Company's revenue base include participation in new aerospace
programs and entry into the land based gas turbine market and other markets in
which the Company has not traditionally participated.  Additionally, the
Company anticipates that the aging of the current commercial airline fleet will
result in future orders for the replacement of such fleet.  The Company does
not, however, expect to report a profit for 1994.

<PAGE>   23

Impact of Inflation

     The Company's earnings may be affected by changes in price levels and in
particular, changes in the price of basic metals.  The Company's contracts
generally provide for fixed prices for finished products with limited
protection against cost increases.  The Company would therefore be affected by
changes in prices of the raw materials during the term of any such contract.
The Company attempts to minimize this risk by ordering raw materials as needed
to fill specific orders, and by seeking fixed price arrangements with raw
materials suppliers.


Accounting and Tax Matters

     Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions" ("SFAS 106"), and No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes" ("SFAS 109").  SFAS 106 requires postretirement benefit obligations to
be accounted for on an accrual basis rather than the expense-as-incurred basis
formerly used.  The Company elected to recognize the cumulative effect of these
accounting changes, resulting in a non-cash reduction in earnings for the year
ended 1993 of $43.0 million or $2.39 per share. (See Note E to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.)
     The adoption of SFAS 109 in 1993 has not had a material effect on earnings
or the financial position of the Company.  At December 31, 1993, the Company
had approximately $57.2 million in tax net operating loss carryforwards and no
tax benefits were recorded when the Company adopted SFAS 106.  (See Note I to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.)
     During 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112 "Employers Accounting for
Post-employment Benefits." This standard provides that the Company follow an
accrual method of accounting for benefits payable to employees when they leave
the Company other than by reason of retirement.  The Company currently accounts
for these costs on an expense-as-incurred basis.  The effect of adopting the
new rule is not expected to be material to the Company's financial position or
results of operations.

<PAGE>   24

<TABLE>
Market and dividend information

     Wyman-Gordon Company's common stock, par value $1.00 per share, is traded
in the over-the- counter market and prices of its common stock appear daily in
the NASDAQ national market quotation system.  The table below lists the
quarterly price range per share for the years 1993 and 1992.  The quarterly
price range per share is based on the high and low sales prices.  In view of
the Company's financial performance, the Board of Directors discontinued
dividends beginning in the fourth quarter of 1991 and throughout 1992 and 1993.
At December 31, 1993 there were approximately 1,600 holders of record of the
Company's common stock.

<CAPTION>
                                                   Price per share
                       -------------------------------------------
                                      1993                   1992
                       -------------------      -----------------
                         High        Low         High       Low
                         ----        ---         ----       ---
<S>                    <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>
First quarter          $6 3/4       $4 5/8      $6 1/4     $3 5/8
Second quarter          5 1/4        4           5 1/2      3 3/4
Third quarter           5 1/8        3 1/2       5 1/4      3 3/4
Fourth quarter          5 1/8        4           5 5/8      4 1/8
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   25

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


To the Stockholders of Wyman-Gordon Company:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wyman-Gordon
and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for the years
then ended.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.  The consolidated financial statements of
Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1991, and for the year
then ended, were audited by other auditors whose report dated February 19, 1992
expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements.
     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Wyman-Gordon
Company and Subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
     As discussed in Notes E and I to the consolidated financial statements, in
1993 the Company changed its method of accounting for post-retirement benefits
other than pensions and income taxes.




                                        Ernst & Young

Worcester, Massachusetts
February 11, 1994

<PAGE>   26

<TABLE>
Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND RETAINED EARNINGS


<CAPTION>
For the years ended December 31,          1993      1992      1991
- - --------------------------------        --------  --------  --------
                              (000's omitted, except per share data)
                              --------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>       <C>
Revenue                                 $239,761  $298,881  $355,390
                                        --------  --------  --------
Less:
  Cost of goods sold                     223,226   248,123   333,352
  Selling, general and administrative
     expenses                             22,510    23,483    30,734
  Restructuring charges                        -         -    87,966
  Disposition of production facilities     2,453         -    11,498
  Environmental charge                         -         -     7,000
                                        --------  --------  --------
                                         248,189   271,606   470,550
                                        --------  --------  --------
Income (loss) from operations             (8,428)   27,275  (115,160)
                                        --------  --------  --------
Other deductions
(income):
  Interest expense                         9,897     5,762     8,035
  Miscellaneous, net                      (1,321)     (282)    2,556
                                        --------  --------  --------
                                           8,576     5,480    10,591
Income (loss) before income taxes and
  cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles                  (17,004)   21,795  (125,751)
Income tax benefit                             -         -    26,070
Income (loss) before cumulative
  effect of changes in accounting
  principles                             (17,004)   21,795   (99,681)
Cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles                  (43,000)        -         -
                                        --------  --------  --------
Net income (loss)                       $(60,004) $ 21,795  $(99,681)
                                        ========  ========  ========
Information per share:

Income (loss) before cumulative effect
  of changes in accounting principles   $   (.95) $   1.21  $  (5.59)
Cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles                    (2.39)        -         -
                                        --------  --------  --------
Net income (loss)                       $  (3.34) $   1.21  $  (5.59)
                                        ========  ========  ========

Retained earnings, beginning of year    $157,712  $136,452  $240,521
Net income (loss)                        (60,004)   21,795   (99,681)
Pension equity adjustment                 (1,700)     (535)      961
Dividends declared                             -         -    (5,349)
                                        --------  --------  --------
Retained earnings, end of year          $ 96,008  $157,712  $136,452
                                        ========  ========  ========
Dividends declared per share            $      -  $      -  $    .30
                                        ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>



The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>   27

<TABLE>
Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<CAPTION>
December 31,                                   1993           1992
- - ------------                                 --------       --------
                                                     (000's omitted)
                                                     ---------------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>
Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                  $ 14,817       $      -
  Accounts receivable                          51,287         68,789
  Inventories                                  42,388         53,688
  Prepaid expenses                             12,480          8,685
                                             --------       --------
       Total current assets                   120,972        131,162
                                             --------       --------
  Property, plant and equipment:
     Land, buildings and improvements          70,563         69,089
     Machinery and equipment                  246,311        244,189
     Under construction                         8,545          8,746
                                             --------       --------
                                              325,419        322,024
       Less accumulated depreciation          227,075        219,344
                                             --------       --------
         Net property, plant and equipment     98,344        102,680
                                             --------       --------
  Intangible assets                            20,738         21,483
  Pension intangible                            8,368         10,617
  Deferred program costs                       13,561         13,539
  Other assets                                 24,651         15,675
                                             --------       --------
                                             $286,634       $295,156
                                             ========       ========
Liabilities
  Current maturities of long-term debt       $     77       $     77
  Accounts payable:
     Trade                                     15,177         14,874
     Other                                      7,918          6,824
  Accrued liabilities:
     Taxes and other                                -            535
     Accrued payroll                            2,559          2,948
     Accrued restructuring, disposal and
       environmental                            4,556          9,847
                                             --------       --------
     Total current liabilities                 30,287         35,105
                                             --------       --------
  Restructuring, disposal and environmental    14,515         17,711
  Long-term debt                               90,461         70,538
  Pension liability                            14,065         14,615
  Deferred income taxes and other               7,613          7,671
  Postretirement benefits                      41,344              -

Stockholders' equity
  Preferred stock, no par value: Authorized
    5,000,000 shares; none issued                   -              -
  Common stock, par value $1.00 per share:
     Authorized 35,000,000 shares; issued
       20,402,720 shares                       20,403         20,403
  Capital in excess of par value               14,296         16,049
  Retained earnings                            96,008        157,712
     Less treasury stock, 2,399,917 shares
       at 1993 and 2,529,675 shares at 1992    42,358         44,648
                                             --------       --------
                                               88,349        149,516
                                             --------       --------
                                             $286,634       $295,156
                                             ========       ========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>   28

<TABLE>
Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS


<CAPTION>
For the years ended December 31,          1993      1992      1991
- - --------------------------------        --------- --------  ---------
                                                       (000's omitted)
                                        ------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>       <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income (loss)                       $(60,004) $ 21,795  $(99,681)
Adjustments to reconcile net income
  (loss) to net cash provided by
  operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization        15,569    15,875    25,319
     Loss from disposal of production
       facilities                          2,453         -         -
     Restructuring, disposal and
       environmental charges                   -         -   106,464
     Deferred income taxes                   (58)        -   (23,196)
     Cumulative effect of changes in
       accounting principles              43,000         -         -
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
     Accounts receivable                  15,139    14,699    25,013
     Inventories                           8,474    16,345       645
     Prepaid expenses and other assets    (7,114)      986   (16,777)
     Accrued restructuring, disposal
       and environmental                  (9,653)  (25,735)        -
     Income and other taxes                 (940)    2,789    (7,447)
     Accounts payable and accrued
       liabilities                           311   (15,951)    8,663
                                        --------  --------  --------  
     Net cash provided by operating                
       activities                          7,177    30,803    19,003
                                        --------  --------  --------  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Investment in acquired subsidiaries            -    (3,700)     (770)
Capital expenditures                     (13,866)  (11,156)  (10,192)
Deferred program costs                       (22)   (2,086)   (9,145)
Proceeds from disposal of production
  facilities                               4,345       451    17,268
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets           393     2,282     1,066
Other, net                                 2,187       962      (338)
                                        --------  --------  --------  
     Net cash (used) by investing
       activities                         (6,963)  (13,247)   (2,111)
                                        --------  --------  --------  

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Payment of short-term borrowings               -         -   (26,500)
Payment of debt                          (70,077)  (22,077)  (83,810)
Net proceeds from issuance of debt        84,680         -    96,644
Dividends paid                                 -         -    (5,349)
                                        --------  --------  --------  
     Net cash provided (used) by
       financing activities               14,603   (22,077)  (19,015)
                                        --------  --------  --------  
Increase (decrease) in cash               14,817    (4,521)   (2,123)
Cash, beginning of year                        -     4,521     6,644
                                        --------  --------  --------  
Cash, end of year                       $ 14,817  $      -  $  4,521
                                        ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral
part of these financial statements.

<PAGE>   29

Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A.   Summary of significant accounting policies

Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries.  All intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated.

Revenue Recognition:  Sales and income are recognized at the time products are
shipped.

Reclassifications:  Where appropriate, prior year amounts have been
reclassified to permit comparison.

Cash and Cash Equivalents:  Cash equivalents include short-term investments
with maturities of less than three months at the time of investment.

Inventories:  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.  For
forging and casting related inventories of raw material and work-in-process,
costs are determined using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method.  For remaining
inventories, cost is determined using an average cost method.  Most of the
Company's products are produced to order and there is no finished product
inventory.  On certain orders, usually involving lengthy raw material
procurement and production cycles, progress payments are reflected as a
reduction of inventories.  Production scrap and product repair costs are
expensed as incurred.

Long-term, Fixed Price Contracts:  A substantial portion of the Company's
revenues is derived from long-term, fixed price contracts with major engine and
aircraft manufacturers.  These contracts are typically "requirements" contracts
under which the purchaser commits to purchase a given portion of its
requirements of a particular component from the Company.  Actual purchase
quantities are typically not determined until shortly before the year in which
products are to be delivered.  Losses on such contracts are provided when
purchase quantities of the components subject to the fixed price contract can
be reasonably determined and the estimated costs to produce such components
exceed the fixed price provided in the contract.

Depreciable Assets and Cost in Excess of Net Assets Acquired:  Property, plant
and equipment, including significant renewals and betterments, are capitalized
at cost and are depreciated on the straight-line method.  Generally,
depreciable lives range from 10 to 20 years for land improvements, 20 to 40
years for buildings and 5 to 15 years for machinery and equipment.  Tooling
production costs are primarily classified as machinery and equipment and are
capitalized at cost less associated revenue and depreciated over 5 years.  Cost
of acquired businesses in excess of net assets acquired is amortized on a
straight-line basis over periods up to 35 years.

<PAGE>   30

Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


Deferred Costs:  Deferred program costs are primarily inventory, production and
tooling, and other miscellaneous costs which are estimated to be recoverable
over future sales. Deferred program costs are classified as a long-term asset
to the extent they will not be recovered within one year and are being
recognized over projected production.  Bank fees and related costs of obtaining
credit facilities are recorded as other assets and amortized over the term of
the facilities.

Earnings Per Share:  Per share data is computed based on the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during each year.  Common stock
equivalents, related to outstanding stock options and stock purchase rights of
the Company, are included in per share computations unless their inclusion
would not have a material effect or would be antidilutive.

Impact of Adopting New Accounting Standards:  During 1992, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 112 "Employers Accounting for Post-employment Benefits."  This
standard provides that the Company follow an accrual method of accounting for
benefits payable to employees when they leave the Company other than by reason
of retirement.  The Company currently accounts for these costs on an as
incurred basis.  The effect of adopting the new rule is not expected to be
material to the Company's financial position or results of operations.

B.   Inventories
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                                        1993      1992
- - ------------                                      -------   -------
                                                     (000'S OMITTED)
                                                  ------------------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>
Raw material                                      $ 9,486   $ 8,967
Work-in-process                                    34,476    43,886
Supplies                                            1,603     1,592
                                                  -------   -------
                                                   45,565    54,445
Less progress payments                              3,177       757
                                                  -------   -------
                                                  $42,388   $53,688
                                                  =======   =======
</TABLE>

     If all inventories valued at LIFO cost had been valued at first-in,
first-out (FIFO) cost or market which approximates current replacement cost,
inventories would have been $33,448,000 and $41,365,000 higher than reported at
December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
     Inventory quantities were reduced in 1993, 1992 and 1991 resulting in the
liquidation of LIFO inventories carried at lower costs prevailing in prior
years as compared with the cost of current purchases.  The effect of lower
quantities decreased 1993 loss from operations by $5,469,000, increased 1992
income from operations by $18,388,000 and decreased 1991 loss from operations
by $1,529,000, while the effect of deflation decreased the 1993 loss from
operations by $2,448,000, increased 1992 net income from operations by
$4,450,000 and had no effect on 1991 loss from operations.

<PAGE>   31

C.    Debt

<TABLE>
Long-term debt consisted of the following:

<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                                        1993      1992
- - ------------                                      -------   -------
                                                     (000'S OMITTED)
                                                  ------------------
<S>                                               <C>       <C>
Current portion of long-term debt                 $    77   $    77
                                                  -------   -------
Long-term debt
  Revolving credit agreement                            -    70,000
  Senior Notes                                     90,000         -
  Other                                               461       538
                                                  -------   -------
Total long-term debt                               90,461    70,538
                                                  -------   -------
Total                                             $90,538   $70,615
                                                  =======   =======
</TABLE>



     From April 30, 1991 until March 16, 1993, the Company's principal credit
facility was a three year Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Prior Credit
Agreement") with seven institutions (the "Banks").  Under the terms of the
Prior Credit Agreement, the Company could borrow up to the extent of its
borrowing base comprised of eligible accounts receivable, inventory, and
property, plant and equipment.  Outstanding borrowings were evidenced by
revolving notes bearing interest at rates based on either the Bank Base Rate
(Prime) or the Eurodollar Rate.  The borrowing rate in effect at December 31,
1992 was approximately 6%.  The Prior Credit Agreement provided for the
issuance of up to $15,000,000 of irrevocable letters of credit.  The Prior
Credit Agreement was collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the
Company.  The Prior Credit Agreement, as amended on December 31, 1991, provided
that available loans could not exceed $90,000,000.  The Company was obligated
to pay a commitment fee of .5% on the unused portion of the facility.
     At December 31, 1992, there were approximately $10,970,000 of outstanding
Letters of Credit.
     On March 16, 1993, the Company issued $90,000,000 of 10.75% Senior Notes
due March 2003 (the "Senior Notes") under an indenture between the Company and
a bank as trustee.  The Senior Notes pay interest semi-annually commencing on
September 15, 1993.  The Senior Notes are general unsecured obligations of the
Company, are non-callable for a five year period, and are senior to any future
subordinated indebtedness of the Company.  The indenture contains certain
covenants including limitations on indebtedness, restrictive payments including
dividends, liens, and disposition of assets.  The indenture, however, does not
include periodic maintenance covenants.  The Company used approximately
$75,000,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes, together
with its new working capital credit facility discussed below, to retire
indebtedness, replace outstanding letters of credit and terminate the amended
Prior Credit Agreement.
     The estimated fair value of the Senior Notes was $94,050,000 at December
31, 1993 based on quoted market price.

<PAGE>   32

     In conjunction with the issuance of the Senior Notes, the Company entered
into a three year $40,000,000 Revolving Credit Agreement, (the "Credit
Agreement") with a lending institution.  Under the terms of the Credit
Agreement, the Company may borrow or issue letters of credit to the extent of
its borrowing base primarily comprised of eligible accounts receivable and
inventories.  Borrowings bear interest at rates based upon either the prime
rate or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR Rate).  This Agreement is
collateralized by substantially all the current assets of the Company.  The
Company is obligated to pay a commitment fee of .5% on the unused portion and
is subject to various covenants including financial covenants and limitations
on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, capital expenditures, and
dividends.  There were no borrowings at December 31, 1993, but the Company had
issued $5,505,000 of letters of credit under the agreement.
     Annual maturities of long-term debt in the next five years amount to
$77,000 per year.  During 1992 the Company repaid $22,077,000 of debt,
representing borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement.
     Total interest cost incurred amounted to $10,441,000, $5,980,000 and
$8,519,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, and included capitalized
amounts of $544,000 in 1993, $218,000 in 1992, $484,000 in 1991.  Interest paid
approximates the amount of interest incurred during each year.


 D.  Pension plans

<TABLE>
     The Company and its subsidiaries have pension plans covering substantially
all employees.  Benefits are generally based on years of service and a fixed
monthly rate or average earnings during the last years of employment.  Pension
plan assets are invested in equity and fixed income securities, pooled funds
including real estate funds and annuities. It is the Company's practice to fund
pension costs to the extent that such costs are tax deductible and as required
by ERISA.  Contributions to the Company's pension plans were $1,897,000,
$2,728,000 and $4,593,000 for the years ended 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively.
       Pension expense for 1993, 1992 and 1991 included the following
components:

<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,          1993      1992      1991
- - --------------------------------        -------   -------   -------
                                               (000'S OMITTED)

<S>                                     <C>       <C>       <C>
Service cost                            $ 1,720   $ 1,937   $ 2,409
Interest cost on projected benefit
  obligation                             10,955    11,083    11,136
Actual return on assets                 (18,107)   (6,849)  (22,207)
Net amortization and deferral             8,208    (3,403)   13,377
                                        -------   -------   -------
Net pension expense                     $ 2,776   $ 2,768   $ 4,715
                                        =======   =======   =======
Assumed long-term rate of return
  on plan assets                            9.0%      9.0%      9.0%
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   33

      A minimum liability is recorded in connection with certain underfunded
pension plans whose liabilities exceed assets.  The minimum liability is
computed each year and was $14,065,000 in 1993, offset by an intangible pension
asset of $8,368,000 and a corresponding $1,700,000 reduction to stockholders'
equity.  In 1992 the minimum liability was $14,615,000 offset by an intangible
pension asset of $10,617,000 and a corresponding $535,000 reduction to
stockholders' equity.  The net balance of the cumulative reduction to
stockholders' equity was $4,115,000 and $2,415,000 as of December 31, 1993 and
1992, respectively.
      During 1993, the Company recorded a loss of approximately $900,000 from
the curtailment of pension benefits resulting from reductions in employees
during 1993.  During 1992, the Company recorded a gain of approximately
$600,000 from a settlement of an over-funded pension plan terminated in a prior
year.
<TABLE>
      A reconciliation between the amounts recorded on the balance sheet and
the summary table of the funding status of the pension plans is as follows:

<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                               1993        1992
- - ------------                            --------     ---------
                                           (000'S OMITTED)

<S>                                     <C>          <C>
Pension liability per balance sheet     $(14,065)    $(14,615)
Prepaid pension expense included in
  prepaid expenses in the balance
  sheet                                    2,827        3,651
                                        --------     --------
Net prepaid pension expense (pension
  liability)                            $(11,238)    $(10,964)
                                        ========     ========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   34

<TABLE>
      A summary of the funding status of the pension plans and a reconciliation
to the amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:

<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31, (000'S OMITTED)                                      1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     ASSETS    ACCUMULATED
                                    EXCEEDING    BENEFITS
                                   ACCUMULATED  EXCEEDING
                                    BENEFITS      ASSETS     TOTAL
                                   ----------- -----------   -----
<S>                                <C>          <C>         <C>
Actuarial present value of benefit
  obligations:

  Vested                           $ 88,960    $ 52,337     $141,297
  Nonvested                             491         426          917
                                   --------    --------     --------
  Accumulated benefit obligation     89,451      52,763      142,214
  Impact of forecasted salary
     increases during future
     periods                          7,346          62        7,408
                                   --------    --------     --------
  Projected benefit obligation
     for employee service to date    96,797      52,825      149,622
Current fair market value of plan
  assets                            107,938      32,993      140,931
                                   --------    --------     --------
Excess (shortfall) of plan assets
  over (under) projected benefit
  obligation                         11,141     (19,832)      (8,691)
Unrecognized net (gain) loss         (7,880)      4,938       (2,942)
Unrecognized net (asset) obligation
  at transition                        (539)      6,228        5,689
Unrecognized prior service costs      5,810       2,961        8,771
Adjustment required to recognize
  minimum liability                       -     (14,065)     (14,065)
                                   --------    --------     --------
Net prepaid pension expense
  (pension liability)              $  8,532    $(19,770)    $(11,238)
                                   ========    ========     ========
Estimated annual increase in
  future salaries                                           3.0 - 5.0%
Weighted average discount rate                                    7.5%
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   35

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31, (000'S OMITTED)                                      1992
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     ASSETS    ACCUMULATED
                                    EXCEEDING    BENEFITS
                                   ACCUMULATED  EXCEEDING
                                    BENEFITS      ASSETS     TOTAL
                                   ----------- -----------   -----
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Actuarial present value of benefit
  obligations:

  Vested                            $ 86,023    $ 50,350    $136,373
  Nonvested                              411         511         922
                                    --------    --------    --------
  Accumulated benefit obligation      86,434      50,861     137,295
  Impact of forecasted salary
     increases during future
     periods                           8,879         135       9,014
                                    --------    --------    --------
  Projected benefit obligation
     for employee service to date     95,313      50,996     146,309
Current fair market value of plan
  assets                             101,354      31,726     133,080
                                    --------    --------    --------
Excess (shortfall) of plan assets
  over (under) projected benefit
  obligation                           6,041     (19,270)    (13,229)
Unrecognized net (gain) loss          (3,697)      3,168        (529)
Unrecognized net (asset) obligation
  at transition                         (606)      8,074       7,468
Unrecognized prior service costs       6,433       3,508       9,941
Adjustment required to recognize
  minimum liability                        -     (14,615)    (14,615)
                                    --------    --------    --------
Net prepaid pension expense
  (pension liability)               $  8,171    $(19,135)   $(10,964)
                                    ========    ========    ========
Estimated annual increase in
  future salaries                                                5.0%
Weighted average discount rate                                   8.3%
</TABLE>


     The Company and its subsidiaries also maintain savings/investment plans
for most full-time salaried employees. Employer contributions to these defined
contribution plans are made at the Company's discretion and are reviewed
periodically.  Such contributions amounted to $134,000, $375,000 and $290,000
during 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  Additionally, the Company
contributed 58,927 shares of stock from Treasury to one of its defined
contribution plans.

<PAGE>   36

E.   Other postretirement benefits

     In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company and its
subsidiaries provide most retired employees with health care and life insurance
benefits.  The majority of these health care and life insurance benefits are
provided through insurance companies, some of whose premiums are computed on a
cost plus basis.  The annual cost of these benefits on the expense- as-incurred
basis amounted to $4,849,000 in 1992 and $5,208,000 in 1991.
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."  This standard
requires companies to accrue postretirement benefits during the years the
employees are working and earning benefits for retirement, as contrasted to the
expense-as-incurred basis that the Company followed in 1992 and prior years.
The Company elected to recognize the cumulative effect of the accounting
change, resulting in a non-cash reduction in earnings in 1993 of $43,000,000 or
$2.39 per share.
     Substantially all of the Aerospace Forgings Division and Corporate
retirees and full-time employees are or become eligible for these
postretirement health care and life insurance benefits if they meet minimum age
and service requirements.  Increases in the health care trend rate were assumed
at 12%, 10% and 8% for 1993, 1994 and 1995, respectively.  At that time, the
Company contribution level is frozen and unaffected by inflation.  A 1%
increase in the health care trend rate over the next three years would increase
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by approximately $1,464,000
and the ongoing service and interest cost by approximately $165,000 (both
pre-tax).  The weighted average discount rate used in determining the
amortization of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 7.5% and
9% at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, and the average remaining
service life was 20 years.
     The postretirement benefit expense in 1993 was $3,830,000, the components
of which were service cost of $170,000 and interest cost on the benefit
obligation of $3,660,000.  The expense was $1,116,000 or $.06 per share less
than what the Company would have recorded as expense under the expense as
incurred basis in 1993.  During 1993, the Company recorded a gain of
approximately $540,000 from the curtailment of postretirement benefits
resulting from reductions in employees during 1993.
     The Company has no plans for funding the liability and will continue to
pay for retiree medical costs as they occur.  The following cost components are
included in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation calculation at
December 31, 1993 and 1992:

<PAGE>   37
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    DECEMBER 31,    DECEMBER 31,
                                        1993            1992
                                    ------------    ------------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit
  obligation:
  Retirees                          $(39,141,000)   $(38,449,000)
  Fully eligible active plan
    participants                      (2,690,000)     (2,165,000)
  Other active plan participants      (2,967,000)     (2,386,000)
                                    ------------    ------------
                                     (44,798,000)    (43,000,000)

Plan assets at fair value                      -               -
                                    ------------    ------------

Accumulated postretirement benefit
  obligation in excess of plan
  assets                             (44,798,000)    (43,000,000)

Unrecognized net gain from past
  experience different from that
  assumed and from changes in
  assumptions                          3,454,000               -

Unrecognized transition obligation             -      43,000,000
                                    ------------    ------------

Accrued postretirement benefit
  cost                              $(41,344,000)   $          -
                                    ============    ============
</TABLE>


     The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for health insurance is
$40,768,000 and $39,381,000 and for life insurance is $4,030,000 and $3,619,000
at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

<PAGE>   38

 F.  Stock option plans

     On October 21, 1991, the Board of Directors adopted a Long-Term Incentive
Plan (the "Plan").  The Plan was approved by the stockholders of the Company in
April 1992 and is administered in all respects by the Management Resources and
Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Committee"), which has plenary
authority to interpret the Plan and to adopt rules relating thereto.  The
Committee may also determine the number, frequency and timing of awards, as
well as the type of award and its exercise price, if any, prescribes any
performance criteria to be met and any restrictions on exercise and determines
any other terms or conditions, including schedules for vesting and
exercisability and the conditions under which vesting and exercisability may be
accelerated, such as in the event of a change in control of the Company.
     The Committee may grant awards in the form of non-qualified stock options
or incentive stock options to those key employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries, including executive officers, it selects to purchase in the
aggregate up to 1,750,000 shares of newly-issued or treasury common stock.  The
exercise price of non-qualified stock options may not be less than 50% of the
fair market value of such shares on the date of grant or, in the case of
incentive stock options, 100% of the fair market value on the date of grant.
Awards of stock appreciation rights ("SAR's") may also be granted, either in
tandem with grants of stock options (and exercisable as an alternative to the
exercise of stock options) or separately.  SAR's allow the grantee to receive
without payment upon surrender of the SAR's, and tandem options, if any, an
amount payable in cash, shares or a combination thereof, at the Committee's
discretion, not exceeding the value on the exercise date of the number of
shares for which the SAR's are exercised over the exercise price of the SAR's.
The exercise price of an SAR may not be less than 50% of the fair market value
of a share on the date of grant or, in the case of an SAR related to an option,
not less than the option exercise price.
     In addition, the Committee may grant other awards that consist of or are
denominated in or payable in shares or that are valued by reference to shares,
including, for example, restricted shares, phantom shares, performance units,
performance bonus awards or other awards payable in cash, shares or a
combination thereof at the Committee's discretion.
     The 1975 Executive Long-Term Incentive Program (the "Program"), as
amended, provided for the granting of stock options, alternative common stock
appreciation rights and performance bonus award units to key employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries.

<PAGE>   39

     The 1975 program expired on December 31, 1992, except as to outstanding
grants.

<TABLE>
     Option activity under the 1975 Program and the 1991 Plan for the
three years ended December 31, 1993 was as follows:

<CAPTION>
                                       OPTION
                                     PRICE RANGE         SHARES
                                     -----------         ------
     <S>                           <C>                 <C>
     Outstanding at
       December 31, 1990           $6.25 - $29.00        674,248

     1991:
          Granted                   3.75 -   6.63      1,263,325
          Terminated                6.25 -  29.00        (45,407)
          Expired                           19.00        (52,920)
                                                       ---------
     Outstanding at
       December 31, 1991            3.75 -  29.00      1,839,246

     1992:
          Granted                            5.00        321,502
          Terminated                         3.75       (185,001)
          Exercised                          3.75        (16,666)
          Cancelled                 3.75 -  29.00        (65,895)
                                                       ---------
     Outstanding at
       December 31, 1992            3.75 -  29.00      1,893,186

     1993:
          Granted                   5.00 -   6.00        285,500
          Terminated                3.75 -  29.00       (370,275)
          Exercised                          3.75        (70,831)
                                                       ---------
     Outstanding at
       December 31, 1993                               1,737,580
                                                       =========
</TABLE>


     Options for 867,131, 676,527 and 428,564 shares, were exercisable
at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  At December 31,
1993, 619,500 shares were available for future grants.  There were no
options granted at less than fair value in the three years ended
December 31, 1993.

<PAGE>   40

G.   Stock purchase rights

     In August 1988, the Company adopted a Rights Agreement (the "Rights
Agreement"), and in October 1988, the Company declared a dividend distribution
of one common stock purchase Right on each outstanding share of common stock.
The Rights will become exercisable at a purchase price of $55 each on the
distribution date which occurs if a person or group acquires or makes an offer
to acquire 20% or more of the Company's common stock.
     In the event that at any time following the distribution date, (i) a
person or group becomes the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the then
outstanding shares of common stock (except pursuant to an offer for all
outstanding shares of common stock which the continuing Directors determine to
be fair to and otherwise in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders), (ii) the Company is the surviving corporation in a merger and
its common stock is not changed or exchanged, (iii) an acquiring person engages
in one or more self-dealing transactions as set forth in the Rights Agreement,
or (iv) during such time as there is an acquiring person, an event occurs which
results in such person's ownership interest being increased by more than 1%,
each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise
of the Right and payment of the purchase price, common stock or a combination
of common stock, cash, preferred stock or debt having a value equal to two
times the purchase price of the Right.  Alternatively, in such event and with
the approval of the continuing Directors, each holder of a Right will have the
right, or may be permitted only, to receive shares of common stock having a
value equal to the purchase price upon surrender of the Right to the Company
and without payment of the purchase price.  Notwithstanding any of the
foregoing, following the occurrence of any of the events set forth in this
paragraph, all Rights that are beneficially owned by the acquiring person will
be null and void.  However, Rights are not exercisable following the occurrence
of any of the events set forth above until such time as the Rights are no
longer redeemable by the Company.
     In the event that, at any time following the date on which a person or
group acquires 20% or more of the Company's outstanding shares (i) the Company
is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction in which the
Company is not the surviving corporation (other than certain exceptions
mentioned in the Rights agreement) or (ii) 50% or more of the Company's assets
or earning power is sold or transferred, each holder of a Right which has not
been previously voided shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon
exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having a value equal to two
times the purchase price of the Right.  The Rights may generally be redeemed by
the Company at a price of $.02 per Right and they expire in November 1998.

H.   Commitments and contingencies

     At December 31, 1993, certain lawsuits arising in the normal course of
business were pending.  The Company denies all material allegations of these
complaints.  In the opinion of management, the outcome of legal matters will
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results
of operations or liquidity.

<PAGE>   41
     As of December 31, 1993, the Company had contributed $4,100,000 in cash
towards its share of the capital requirements of its Australian joint venture
for the production of nickel-based superalloy.  The Company is committed to
contribute an additional $3,400,000 to the joint venture.  However, the joint
venture has entered into a credit agreement with an Australian bank which the
Company expects will provide sufficient liquidity to meet the joint venture's
future cash requirements.  The Company has guaranteed 25% of the joint
venture's obligations under the credit agreement totalling $17,500,000.  This
guarantee expires at such time as the joint venture demonstrates its ability to
produce commercially acceptable products.

I.   Federal, foreign and state income taxes

     As of January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards
Board Statement No. 109, ("SFAS 109"), Accounting for Income Taxes.  Under SFAS
109, the liability method is used in accounting for income taxes.  Under this
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences
between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are
measured using the enacted marginal tax rates and laws that will be in effect
when the differences are expected to reverse.  Prior to the adoption of SFAS
109, income tax expense was determined using the liability method prescribed by
Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 96, ("SFAS 96"), Accounting
for Income Taxes, which is superseded by SFAS 109.  Among other changes, SFAS
109 relaxes the recognition and measurement criteria for deferred tax assets
required by SFAS 96, and requires the recognition of a valuation reserve in
those circumstances where it is more likely than not that some portion of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized.

     As permitted under SFAS 109, the Company has elected not to restate the
financial statements of prior years.  The impact of this change on the results
of operations for the year ended December 31, 1993 was immaterial.
<TABLE>
Income tax benefit (expense) is comprised of the following (000's omitted):

<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,     1993      1992      1991
- - --------------------------------     ----      ----      ----
Current:

<S>                                 <C>       <C>       <C>
     Federal                        $     -   $     -   $ 3,725
     State and foreign                    -         -      (250)
                                    -------   -------   -------
                                          -         -     3,475
Deferred tax benefits                     -         -    22,595
                                    -------   -------   -------
                                    $     -   $     -   $26,070
                                    =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>

     The Company received income tax refunds of $282,000 and $3,725,000 during
1993 and 1992, respectively, and made income tax payments of $1,145,000 during
1991.
     The deferred income tax benefit reflects changes in the expected impact of
temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial statement purposes and the corresponding amounts determined under the
applicable tax laws and regulations.

<PAGE>   42
<TABLE>
     The benefit (provision) for income taxes is at a rate other than the
federal statutory tax rate for the following reasons ($000's omitted):

<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- - --------------------------------
                                             1993               1992              1991
                                 ----------------   ----------------   ---------------- 
<S>                              <C>        <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>        <C>
U.S. federal statutory
  tax rate                       $ 5,781    34.0%   $(7,410) (34.0)%   $42,755    34.0%
Recognition of previously
  unrecognized deferred
  tax assets                           -       -      7,410   34.0           -       -
Tax carryforwards without
  current tax benefits            (5,781)  (34.0)         -      -     (16,520)  (13.3)
State income taxes, net
  of federal tax benefit               -       -          -      -        (165)      -
                                 -------    ----    -------    ---     -------    ----
Income tax benefit
  (expense)                      $     -       -%   $     -      -%    $26,070    20.7%
                                 =======    ====    =======    ===     =======    ====
</TABLE>


     Tax net operating loss carryforwards of $57,200,000 and book net operating
loss carryforwards of $79,000,000 begin expiring in the year 2006.

<TABLE>
     The principal components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as
follows (000's omitted):
<CAPTION>
                                                         AS ADJUSTED
                                           DECEMBER 31,  JANUARY 1,
                                              1993          1993
                                           ------------  -----------
     <S>                                     <C>         <C>
     Deferred tax assets:
       Provision for postretirement
         benefits                            $ 14,057    $ 14,620
       Net operating loss carryforwards        19,380      10,500
       Restructuring provisions                 6,134      10,841
                                             --------    --------
                                               39,571      35,961
       Valuation Allowance                    (27,714)    (25,120)
                                             --------    --------
                                               11,857      10,841
                                             --------    --------

     Deferred tax liabilities:
       Accelerated depreciation                 8,335      11,257
       Other                                    6,145       2,207
                                             --------    --------
                                               14,480      13,464
                                             --------    --------
     Net deferred tax liability              $  2,623    $  2,623
                                             ========    ========
</TABLE>

     The net deferred tax liability is included in Deferred Income Taxes and
Other on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and has not been disclosed
separately on the face of the balance sheets.

<PAGE>   43

J.   Contributed capital and other information

     There have been no substantial changes in common stock for the two years
ended December 31, 1993.  At December 31, 1993, the Company had reserved
2,357,080 shares of common stock for stock options related to the 1975
Executive Long-Term Incentive Program and the 1991 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
     Capital in excess of par value decreased $1,753,000 and $567,000 in 1993
and 1992, respectively.  The decrease resulted from Treasury stock activity
when either stock options were exercised or when the Company matched employee
contributions to one of its defined contribution plans.
     There were 17,936,000, 17,848,000 and 17,831,000 average shares
outstanding during the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively.
     Research and development expenses, including related depreciation,
amounted to $2,778,000, $3,013,000 and $3,333,000 for the years ended December
31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
     There were $20,738,000 of intangible assets net of accumulated
amortization of $7,630,000 and $21,483,000 of intangible assets net of
accumulated amortization of $6,482,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.
     The Company is engaged principally in the engineering, production and
marketing of high-strength, high-technology forged, cast metal and composite
components used for a wide variety of primarily aerospace applications  and the
design and production of prototype products using composite technologies.  The
Company's accounts receivable are concentrated with a small number of Fortune
500 companies participating in the aerospace industry, with whom the Company
has long-standing relationships.  Accordingly, management considers credit risk
to be low.  Sales to the Company's two largest customers amounted to
$92,465,000, $111,660,000 and $130,209,000 during the years ended December 31,
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

K.   Disposal of Operations

     During 1990 the Company decided to focus its resources upon aerospace
markets and to divest itself of the automotive crankshaft production facilities
which were no longer considered strategic.  Accordingly, in 1991 the Company
sold its automotive crankshaft forging facility in Danville, Illinois for
approximately $16,000,000 and commenced liquidation of its automotive
crankshaft machining facility in Jackson, Michigan.  The Company provided
$7,198,000 and $4,300,000 in the third and fourth quarters of 1991,
respectively, for the estimated pre-tax costs of exiting the automotive
crankshaft businesses.  The provision included the write-down of assets to
estimated realizable value, estimated operating losses to the date of the
planned closing of machining operations, employee related costs, disposal, and
other expenses.  Proceeds from the sale of certain fixed assets of the Jackson,
Michigan production facility approximated $451,000 in 1992 and $1,000,000 in
1991 and the remaining net assets, primarily fixed assets  amounted to
$2,216,000 and $3,281,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, and are
classified as Property, Plant and Equipment on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.  Revenues of the automotive crankshaft businesses were not
significant in 1992 while revenues of $48,800,000 in 1991 were included in
consolidated revenues.

<PAGE>   44

     In November 1993, the Company sold substantially all of the net assets and
business operations of its Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. operations.  The
Company recorded a non-cash charge on the sale in the fourth quarter of 1993 of
$2,453,000.  In November and December 1993, the Company received approximately
$4,300,000 as the proceeds from the sale of its Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc.
operations.  Revenues of the Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. operations of
$9,149,000 in 1993, $12,847,000 in 1992 and $18,016,000 in 1991 were included
in consolidated revenues, respectively.


L.   Restructuring of Operations and Environmental Matters

     During 1991, in response to the excess capacity in the forging industry
and resulting declines in current and anticipated customer demand, the Company
incurred pre-tax charges of $87,966,000 and $11,498,000 in connection with a
restructuring program primarily at its forging operations and disposition of
its automotive crankshaft operation, respectively.
     A significant portion of this charge related to the consolidation of all
forging operations into a single facility.  This facility is being reconfigured
to improve production efficiencies.  This program also includes, among other
items, severance of employees, acceleration of certain employee benefit
programs, and streamlining of equipment and manufacturing processes.
     During 1991 and the years which followed, the Company made substantial
progress in implementing its 1991 restructuring plan.  The consolidation and
reconfiguration of the Company's two Massachusetts forging facilities is
substantially complete, there are some retooling and relocation activities
which still remain to be completed in 1994 and thereafter.  The process of
divesting the Company's automotive crankshaft forging division is virtually
complete with minor costs remaining.  The Company has completed all
environmental projects within establish timetables and is continuing to do so
at the present time.
     In 1991 the Company charged $52,600,000 against the newly established
reserve, $51,900,000 of non-cash charges to write assets down to their
realizable value and $700,000 of cash charges incurred from consolidation and
reconfiguration of existing facilities.  In 1992 the Company charged $2,400,000
of non-cash charges against the reserve in order to write-down certain assets
after consolidation and reconfiguration to their realizable value, cash charges
were made against the reserve for consolidation and reconfiguration of existing
facilities of $21,100,000 and for severance and related costs of $2,200,000.
In 1993 the Company made non- cash charges against the reserve of $1,700,000
due to a write-off of inventory which had been on hand prior to December 31,
1991 and was identified as excess or obsolete, cash charges were made against
the reserve for consolidation and reconfiguration of existing facilities of
$4,800,000 and for severance and related costs of $2,000,000.

<PAGE>   45
<TABLE>
     A summary of charges made or estimated against 1991 restructuring and
disposal reserves is as follows (000's omitted):

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
- - ------------------------
<CAPTION>
                     1991    1992    1993    1994  THEREAFTER  TOTAL
     CASH            ----    ----    ----    ----  ----------  -----
     ----
<S>                 <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>
Consolidation and
 Reconfiguration
 of existing
 facilities        $   700  $21,100  $4,800  $3,000  $7,100   $36,700

Severance                -    2,200   2,000     800   1,800     6,800
                   -------  -------  ------  ------  ------   -------
 Total cash
  charges              700   23,300   6,800   3,800   8,900    43,500


     NON-CASH
     --------
Asset Revaluation   51,900    2,400   1,700       -       -    56,000
                   -------  -------  ------  ------  ------   -------

Total charges
 against reserve   $52,600  $25,700  $8,500  $3,800  $8,900   $99,500
                   =======  =======  ======  ======  ======   =======
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   46

     The Company is subject to extensive, stringent and changing federal, state
and local environmental laws and regulations, including those regulating the
use, handling, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous substances and the
remediation of alleged environmental contamination.  Accordingly, the Company
is involved from time to time in administrative and judicial inquiries and
proceedings regarding environmental matters.  Nevertheless, the Company
believes that compliance with these laws and regulations will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company's operations as a whole.  The Company
continues to design and implement a system of programs and facilities for the
management of its raw materials, production processes and industrial waste to
promote compliance with environmental requirements.  In 1991, the Company
recorded a pre-tax charge of $7,000,000 with respect to environmental
investigation and remediation costs at one of the Company's facilities.
Additionally, a pre-tax charge of $5,000,000 against potential environmental
remediation costs upon the eventual sale of another facility is included in the
1991 restructuring charge discussed above.  Pursuant to an agreement entered
into with the U.S. Air Force upon the acquisition of a facility from the
federal government in 1982, the Company has agreed to make additional
expenditures of approximately $10,100,000 for environmental management and
remediation projects at that site during the period 1992 through 1999,
including $4,400,000 of planned costs in 1994 for new wastewater treatment
facilities to be constructed during 1993 and 1994 in accordance with an
administrative compliance order entered into with the United States
Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA").  The Company, together with
numerous other parties, has also been alleged to be a potentially responsible
party at four federal or state Superfund sites.  The Company does not believe
that liabilities related to such sites will be material in the aggregate.
     The Company's Grafton, Massachusetts plant location is one of 46 sites
throughout the country included in the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission's
("NRC") May 1992 Site Decommissioning Management Plan ("SDMP") for low-level
radioactive waste.  The SDMP identifies the Company's site as a "Priority C"
(lowest priority) site.  The NRC conducted a long range dose assessment in 1992
to determine what action, if any, it would order with respect to the site; its
draft report states that the site should be remediated.  However, the Company
believes the NRC's draft assessment was flawed and has retained an
environmental engineering firm to challenge that draft assessment.  The Company
has submitted the environmental engineering firm's Dose Assessment Review to
NRC for consideration but has had no response from NRC to date.
     The Company has provided $1,500,000 for the estimated cost of the
remediation.  The Company believes that it may have meritorious claims for
reimbursement from the U.S. Air Force in respect of any liabilities it may have
for such remediation.

<PAGE>   47

<TABLE>
M.   Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)

Selected quarterly financial data for 1993 and 1992 were as follows:

<CAPTION>
Quarter                             1st       2nd       3rd       4th
- - ------------------------------  -------  --------  --------  --------
                               (000's omitted, except per share data)
<S>                                      <C>        <C>     <C>
1993
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenue                        $ 62,916   $66,665   $56,330  $53,850
Cost of goods sold               57,033    60,409    50,364   55,420
Income (loss) from operations       520     2,072       815  (11,836)(a)
Income (loss) before income
  taxes and cumulative effect
  of changes in accounting
  principles                     (3,068)     (620)    1,253  (14,569)
Income (loss) before cumulative
  effect of changes in accounting
  principles                     (3,068)     (620)    1,253  (14,569)
Cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles         (43,000)        -         -        -
Net income (loss)               (46,068)     (620)    1,253  (14,569)
Net income (loss) per share before
  cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles            (.17)     (.03)      .07     (.82)
Cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles           (2.39)        -         -        -
Net income (loss) per share       (2.56)     (.03)      .07     (.82)


1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenue                          $82,401  $73,647   $65,960  $76,873
Cost of goods sold                74,461   65,912    54,270   53,480(b)
Income (loss) from operations      1,363    4,312     6,270   17,029
Income (loss) before income
  taxes                           (1,032)   2,589     4,810   15,428
Net income (loss)                 (1,032)   2,589     4,810   15,428
Net income (loss) per share         (.06)     .15       .27      .85

<FN>
(a)  Income (loss) from operations during the fourth quarter of 1993 reflects
     charges of $2,453 on the sale of substantially all of the net assets of
     Wyman-Gordon Composites, Inc. and $2,400 resulting from a change in
     estimated cash surrender values provided by the Company's insurance
     actuaries on Company-owned life insurance policies.

(b)  Cost of goods sold during the fourth quarter of 1992 reflects a $15,300
     LIFO credit as a result of higher year-end shipments.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   48

N.   Subsequent event

     On January 14, 1994, the Company and Cooper Industries, Inc. ("Cooper")
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 10, 1994 (the
"Stock Purchase Agreement")  for the Company to acquire from Cooper all of the
issued and outstanding shares of Cameron Forged Products Company ("Cameron")
common stock, par value $.208 1/3 per share ("Cameron Common Stock").  Under
the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company will pay a purchase
price for the Cameron Common Stock equal to 16,500,000 shares of the Company's
common stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Shares") and $5,000,000 in cash
payable in installments as provided in the Stock Purchase Agreement.  The
Purchase Price will be subject to a cash adjustment to be paid by either Cooper
or the Company based upon certain changes in the balance sheet of Cameron
between September 26, 1993 and the date of the closing of the acquisition.
     As of January 10, 1994, there were 18,002,803 Shares outstanding, and
after giving effect to the acquisition, Cooper will own approximately 48% of
the outstanding Shares.  Pursuant to an Investment Agreement dated as of
January 10, 1994, between the Company and Cooper (the "Investment Agreement"),
the Shares to be issued to Cooper pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement will
be subject to certain restrictions on voting and disposition as well as certain
registration rights.
     The Investment Agreement provides that Cooper is entitled to designate two
persons to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company so long as Cooper
owns more than 5% of the outstanding Shares.
     For a period of ten years after the Closing Date, so long as Cooper owns
5% or more of the outstanding Shares, Cooper will be subject to certain
limitations on transfer of its Shares and will be required to vote its Shares
either in the manner recommended to shareholders by the Board of Directors of
the Company, or, at Cooper's election, in the same proportion as the vote of
the other shareholders of the Company, unless the matter being voted on by the
shareholders of the Company would, if approved, result in a breach of the
Investment Agreement.  Furthermore, the limitations on Cooper's transfer of its
Shares and the voting restrictions on Cooper's shares will terminate upon the
occurrence of certain Trigger Events as defined in the Investment Agreement.
     Consummation of the acquisition is subject to certain conditions,
including, among others, approval by the Company's shareholders and the
obtaining of consents from certain lenders of the Company.

<PAGE>   49

<TABLE>
Wyman-Gordon Company and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Ten-Year Financial Review

<CAPTION>
                                         1993       1992        1991
                                     --------   --------    --------
<S>                                  <C>        <C>         <C>
Operations
  Revenue                            $239,761   $298,881    $355,390
  Cost of goods sold                  223,226    248,123     333,352
  Restructuring, disposal and
     environmental charges                  -          -     106,464
  Interest expense                      9,897      5,762       8,035
  Income tax benefit (expense)              -          -      26,070
  Income (loss) from continuing
     operations                       (17,004)    21,795     (99,681)
  Income (loss) from discontinued
     operations (c)                         -          -           -
  Income (loss) before cumulative
     effect of changes in accounting
     principles                       (17,004)    21,795     (99,681)
  Cumulative effect of changes in
     accounting principles (a)        (43,000)         -           -
  Net income (loss)                   (60,004)    21,795     (99,681)
  Dividends paid                            -          -       5,349
  Depreciation                         14,421     14,659      24,196
  Capital expenditures                 13,866     11,156      10,192
  Backlog                             256,259    309,679     386,905
Financial position
  Inventories                          42,388     53,688      70,287
  Short-term borrowings                     -          -           -
  Working capital                      90,685     96,057     110,859
  Working capital ratio                   4.0        3.7         2.7
  Property, plant and equipment, net   98,344    102,680     110,400
  Total assets                        286,634    295,156     339,154
  Long-term debt                       90,461     70,538      90,615
  Net debt to total capitalization      42.3%      32.1%       39.4%
  Stockholders' equity                 88,349    149,516     128,088
  Total capital                       178,810    220,054     218,703
Measures of profitability
  Income (loss) from continuing
    operations as a percent of:
     Revenues (d)                        (7.1)       7.3       (28.0)
     Average stockholders' equity
       during the year (d)              (14.3)      15.7       (55.3)
Per share data
  Income (loss) per share:
     Continuing operations               (.95)      1.21       (5.59)
     Discontinued operations                -          -           -
   Income (loss) before cumulative
     effect of changes in accounting
     principles                          (.95)      1.21       (5.59)
  Cumulative effect of changes in
     accounting principles (a)          (2.39)         -           -
  Net income (loss)                     (3.34)      1.21       (5.59)
  Dividends paid                            -          -         .30
  Stockholders' equity                   4.91       8.37        7.18
Average shares outstanding             17,936     17,848      17,831
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   50

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    1990      1989    1988(b)     1987      1986      1985      1984
- - --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
<S>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
$405,381  $372,761  $273,950  $313,527  $343,917  $388,408  $408,503
 355,055   344,466   242,641   263,309   302,936   317,178   314,767

       -         -         -         -    55,000    23,321         -
   8,727     4,714     1,243     2,015     2,268     2,540     1,987
  (5,702)    1,864    (3,814)  (12,402)   20,774    (7,271)  (26,775)

   8,696    (3,184)   14,472    14,563   (20,590)    8,722    36,795

       -         -         -         -         -    (5,281)   (1,433)

   8,696    (3,184)   14,472    14,563   (20,590)    3,441    35,362

       -         -         -         -         -         -         -

   8,696    (3,184)   14,472    14,563   (20,590)    3,441    35,362
  14,265    14,265    14,264    14,275    14,476    15,193    15,478
  24,825    22,622    20,306    22,182    26,540    23,620    21,010
  13,563    22,266    32,799    21,961    17,033    18,516    19,213
 392,857   350,596   315,950   255,122   260,235   319,108   366,432

  76,570    80,079    83,816    81,613    96,003   104,273    86,920
  26,500    39,820    11,483         -         -         -         -
 124,030    91,011   103,402   143,751   148,657   168,523   188,492
     2.7       2.1       2.9       4.1       3.9       4.5       4.8
 186,091   173,595   172,508   158,288   160,798   204,173   179,796
 421,886   400,251   352,372   359,479   368,517   435,980   442,049
  73,892    33,511    17,113    16,875    19,264    21,562    25,185
   22.0%     10.8%      5.2%   (13.0)%    (4.2)%    (6.0)%   (12.2)%
 232,157   240,568   254,451   257,809   257,697   316,434   331,578
 306,049   274,079   271,564   274,684   276,961   337,996   356,763



     2.2       (.9)      5.3       4.6      (6.0)      2.2       9.0

     3.7      (1.3)      5.7       5.6      (7.2)      2.7      11.2


     .49      (.18)      .81       .82     (1.13)      .46      1.90
       -         -         -         -         -      (.28)     (.07)

     .49      (.18)      .81       .82     (1.13)      .18      1.83

       -         -         -         -         -         -         -

     .49      (.18)      .81       .82     (1.13)      .18      1.83
     .80       .80       .80       .80       .80       .80       .80
   13.02     13.49     14.27     14.46     14.44     16.80     17.32
  17,831    17,831    17,830    17,846    18,152    19,025    19,350
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   51
[FN]
(a)       Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
          Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
          Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" ("SFAS 106"), and No.
          109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("SFAS 109").  SFAS 106 requires
          postretirement benefit obligations to be accounted for on an accrual
          basis rather than the "pay-as-you-go" basis formerly used.  The
          Company elected to recognize the cumulative effect of these
          accounting changes, resulting in a non-cash reduction in earnings for
          the year ended 1993 of $43,000,000 million or $2.39 per share.

(b)       The Company changes its method of accounting for income taxes in
          accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 96
          effective January 1, 1988 which increased net income by $8,424,000 or
          $.47 per share during 1988.

(c)       The above information reflects the reclassification of amounts
          applicable to the discontinued agricultural and earthmoving equipment
          segment in 1985.

(d)       Excludes the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles in
1993.

<PAGE>   52
                             CORPORATE INFORMATION
                             ---------------------

DIRECTORS

<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>                      <C>
E. Paul Casey             Jon C. Strauss           WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY
Chairman                  President
Metapoint Partners        Worcester Polytechnic    Corporate Offices
Investment partnership    Institute                Grafton, Massachusetts

Warner S. Fletcher        Charles A. Zraket        FORGINGS DIVISION
Attorney and Director     Former President and
Fletcher, Tilton          CEO                      Grafton, Massachusetts
& Whipple, P.C.           The MITRE Corporation    Millbury,          Massachusetts
attorneys                 systems engineering      Worcester, Massachusetts
                          and research

Robert G. Foster          HONORARY DIRECTOR        SUBSIDIARIES
President and Director    Joseph R. Carter
Commonwealth              Former Chairman          Wyman-Gordon
BioVentures, Inc.                                  Investment Castings,Inc.
private venture capital
                                                   Groton, Connecticut
                                                   Tilton,New Hampshire
Russell E. Fuller         CORPORATE OFFICERS       San Leandro, California
Chairman                                           Carson City, Nevada
REFCO, Inc.               John M. Nelson
specialty industrial      Chairman and
products                  Chief Executive Officer

David P. Gruber           David P. Gruber          Scaled Composites, Inc.
President and Chief       President and Chief      Mojave, California
Operating Officer         Operating Officer

M Howard Jacobson         Luis E. Leon
Senior Advisor            Vice President-Finance
Bankers Trust             and Treasurer
private banking

Judith S. King            Sanjay N. Shah
Community Volunteer and   Vice President
Personal Investments      Assistant General Manager
                          Forgings Division

George S. Mumford, Jr.    Jeremy F. Swett
Professor                 Associate General Counsel
Tufts University          and Assistant Clerk

John M. Nelson            Wallace F. Whitney, Jr.
Chairman and              Vice President
Chief Executive Officer   General Counsel and Clerk

                          Frank J. Zugel
                          Vice President
                          General Manager
                          Wyman-Gordon Investment
                          Castings
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   53





                         SHAREHOLDER REFERENCE:

                         Annual Meeting: The annual meeting of shareholders
                         will be held at 10 A.M., Tuesday, May 10, 1994 at
                         Mechanics Hall, 321 Main Street, Worcester,
                         Massachusetts.  A formal notice of the meeting with a
                         proxy statement and form of proxy is being mailed to
                         each stockholder separately.

                         STOCK TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR:

                         The Company's agent is responsible for  shareholder
                         records and issuance of stock certificates.  To 
                         resolve questions concerning these matters contact:

                         State Street Bank and Trust Company
                         Corporate Stock Transfer Department
                         P.O. Box 8200
                         Boston, MA 02266-8200

                         Telephone:  (800) 426-5523

                         10K REPORT:

                         Single copies of the Company's 1993 Annual   Report on
                         Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10K (without 
                         exhibits) will be provided without charge to 
                         shareholders after April 1, 1994, upon written request 
                         directed to the Clerk of the Corporation, Wyman-Gordon 
                         Company, 244 Worcester Street, Box 8001, North 
                         Grafton, Massachusetts 01536-8001.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1



                              Wyman-Gordon Company
                                 1993 Form 10-K


                                                                      Exhibit 22

                     WYMAN-GORDON COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES


<TABLE>

         The following is a list of Wyman-Gordon's subsidiaries as of December
31, 1993:



<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Place of
                                                                                       Incorporation
          Name of Subsidiary                                                          or Organization 
- - --------------------------------------                                               -----------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>
Wyman-Gordon Investment Castings, Inc.                                                   Delaware



Precision Founders, Inc.                                                                 California



Scaled Composites, Inc.                                                                  California



Wyman-Gordon Composite Technologies, Inc.                                                California
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
