<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


                                     FORM 10-K

                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington, D.C. 20549

               [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                    For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994
                                        or

              [  ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                 For the transition period from   N/A   to   N/A  

                          Commission File Number: 0-10897

                                WEST COAST BANCORP

              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

       California                         95-3586860
       (State or other jurisdiction of    (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)     Identification No.)

       4770 Campus Drive, Suite 250
       Newport Beach, California          92660-1833
       (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code)

         Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (714)724-8733
         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                            Common Stock, No Par Value

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
  required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
  1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
  registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
  such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES  X     NO

  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
  405 of Regulation S-K (subsection 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
  herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
  definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
  III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.[X]

  As of February 28, 1995, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held
  by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $2,292,000 based upon
  the last sale price on such date.

   Number of shares of Common Stock of the registrant outstanding as of February
  28, 1995:
                                     9,192,942

                        Documents Incorporated by Reference

  Part III of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from registrant's
  definitive proxy statement for the 1995 annual meeting of shareholders which
  will be filed within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

                                        -1-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                          Page
  PART I

    Item 1     Business                                                      3
               General                                                       3
               The Banks                                                     4
               Non-Bank Subsidiaries                                         5
               Competition and Local Market Effects                          6
               Effect of Governmental Policies and
                 Recent Legislation                                          6
               Supervision and Regulation                                   15
               Potential and Existing Enforcement Actions                   17
               Employees                                                    20
               Selected Statistical Information                             21
    Item 2     Properties                                                   31
    Item 3     Legal Proceedings                                            31
    Item 4     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders          32
    Item 4(A)  Executive Officers of the Registrant                         32

  PART II

    Item 5     Market for Registrant's Common Stock
                 and Related Shareholder Matters                            33
    Item 6     Selected Consolidated Financial Information                  34
    Item 7     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                 Condition and Results of Operations                        35
    Item 8     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                  48
    Item 9     Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on
                 Accounting and Financial Disclosure                        49

  PART III

    Item 10    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant           50
    Item 11    Executive Compensation                                       50
    Item 12    Security Ownership of Certain
                 Beneficial Owners and Management                           50
    Item 13    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions               50

  PART IV

    Item 14    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
                 and Reports on Form 8-K                                    50















                                        -2-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

                                      PART I

  ITEM 1. BUSINESS

  GENERAL

        West Coast Bancorp (separately, "West Coast" and, with its subsidiaries
  on a consolidated basis, the "Company") is a California corporation organized
  in February 1981 and is a registered bank holding company subject to the Bank
  Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended ("BHC Act").  West Coast's principal
  operating subsidiary is its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sunwest Bank
  ("Sunwest").  West Coast entered into an agreement on June 22, 1994 to sell
  its 93% ownership of Sacramento First National Bank ("Sacramento First") to
  Business & Professional Bank ("B&PB").  On January 20, 1995 the sale closed
  and West Coast received $3.6 million of cash and 243,500 shares or 14.5% of
  B&PB common shares outstanding.  Cash proceeds of $3.4 million were used to
  increase capital at Sunwest.  See "NOTE 1 of the notes to the consolidated
  financial statements" for accounting treatment of the expected of Sacramento
  First.  Sunwest and Sacramento First are sometimes collectively referred to
  herein as "the Banks."  West Coast also currently has six other direct and
  indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries which are either in the process of liqui-
  dation or inactive - West Coast Realty Finance ("West Coast Realty"), North
  Orange County Bancorp ("North Orange"), which acts as a holding company for
  WCV, Inc. and Chancellor Financial Services, Inc. ("Chancellor"), Sunwest
  Leasing Corp. ("Sunwest Leasing"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunwest, and
  Centennial Beneficial Loan Company ("Centennial Loan").
        The assets of Sunwest, Sacramento First and WCV, Inc. carried on the
  books of the Company at December 31, 1994 and the net loss reported in the
  financial statements of the Company of each for the year ended December 31,
  1994 are as follows:

                                                                 Net
  (dollars in thousands)                            Assets       Loss
                                                 -----------------------
  Sunwest and its subsidiary                      $125,220     $ (1,723)
  Sacramento First (1)                               5,351       (2,713)
  Loss on liquidation of WCV, Inc.                       -         (133)
                                                 -----------------------
  (1)   Assets of Sacramento First are included in net assets held for sale and
        its loss includes operating income through June 30, 1994 offset by the
        loss on sale of $2,788,000.

        The Company commenced business in 1981 through the activities of West
  Coast Realty.  During 1982, WCV, Inc. and Chancellor commenced business.  In
  late 1984, West Coast acquired its majority interest in the common stock of
  Sacramento First.  West Coast acquired Sunwest and Sacramento First acquired
  Sacramento Valley Bank in 1985.  The Company had total assets, total loans
  and total deposits at December 31, as follows:

  (dollars in millions)                             1994         1993
                                                  -----------------------
  Total assets                                    $  130.9     $   312.3
  Total loans                                         86.6         223.3
  Total deposits                                     119.3         293.0
                                                  -----------------------

        The Company had net losses of $5,205,000 or $.57 per share in 1994,

                                        -3-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  $12,107,000 or $1.32 per share in 1993 and $6,997,000 or $.76 per share in
  1992.
        As a result of the Company's and Sunwest's substantial losses and
  resulting declines in capital levels, West Coast and Sunwest are subject to
  regulatory agreements and orders with the bank regulatory authorities.  In
  addition, during much of 1994, Sunwest was considered "significantly
  undercapitalized" under the prompt corrective action provisions of the
  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991.
        On January 20, 1995, as a result of selling Sacramento First, West
  Coast significantly reduced its regulatory assets and consequently increased
  its capital ratios to the "adequately capitalized" levels as defined under
  the prompt action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act.  On January 20,
  1995, Sunwest received $3.4 million from West Coast and on March 30, 1995
  Sunwest received an additional $200,000 from West Coast increasing Sunwest's
  leverage ratio to over 6.5%.  These capital infusions increased Sunwest's
  capital ratios to amounts necessary for a depository institution to be
  claimed to be "well capitalized."  However, because Sunwest is still subject
  to regulatory agreements it can only be deemed "adequately capitalized."
        Sunwest is now in compliance with the 6.5% leverage ratio as required
  by their regulatory agreements and orders and as set forth in the capital
  plan Sunwest submitted to the FDIC, pursuant to the prompt corrective action
  provision of the FDIC Improvement Act, which is guaranteed by West Coast. 
  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Effect of Government Policy and Recent Legislation -
  Prompt Correction Action."
        West Coast's liquidity is limited.  In the event West Coast is unable
  to raise funds to increase its liquidity, West Coast may not be able to meet
  its current obligations and may be forced into bankruptcy.  If this event
  were to occur, West Coast shareholders could suffer the elimination of the
  value of their investments in the Company.  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS -
  Supervision and Regulation -- and Potential and Existing Enforcement Actions"
  and "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS."

  THE BANKS

  Sunwest Bank
        Sunwest commenced operations as a California state-chartered bank in
  1970 and is the oldest commercial bank headquartered in Orange County,
  California.  West Coast acquired Sunwest in June 1985.  At December 31, 1994,
  Sunwest had total consolidated assets of $125,220,000, total consolidated
  loans and leases of $86,628,000 and total consolidated deposits of
  $119,277,000.  For the year ended December 31, 1994, Sunwest had a net loss
  of $1,723,000.
        Sunwest presently has four banking offices within Orange County,
  California.  The main office is located in Tustin at 535 East First Street. 
  Sunwest's three branch offices are located at 4770 Campus Drive, Newport
  Beach, 501 South Main Street, Orange and 600 Santa Ana Boulevard, Santa Ana. 
  Sunwest closed an office at 720 North Harbor Boulevard, Fullerton during
  1994.

  Sacramento First National Bank
        Sacramento First commenced operations as a national banking association
  in November 1984.  In December 1985, Sacramento First acquired Sacramento
  Valley Bank.  
        West Coast entered into an agreement on June 22, 1994 to sell its 93%
  ownership of Sacramento First to B&PB.  On January 20, 1995 the sale closed
  and West Coast received $3.6 million of cash and 243,500 shares or 14.5% of

                                        -4-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  B&PB common shares outstanding.  See "NOTE 1 of the notes to the consolidated
  financial statements" for accounting treatment of the sale of Sacramento
  First.
        All assets and liabilities of Sacramento First are included in the "Net
  Assets Held for Sale" balance of $5,351,000 at December 31, 1994.
        Sacramento First had net income from operations of $75,000 through June
  30, 1994.  Subsequently, West Coast excluded all operating income from the
  consolidated financial statements and recorded a $2,788,000 loss on the sale
  of Sacramento First.

  Banking Services
        Through its network of banking offices, the Company emphasizes person-
  alized service combined with services primarily directed to small and medium-
  sized businesses and professionals.  Although the Company focuses its
  marketing of services to businesses and professionals, a full range of
  consumer banking services are made available to its customers.
        The Company offers a wide range of deposit instruments.  These include
  personal and business checking and savings accounts, including interest-
  bearing negotiable order of withdrawal ("NOW") accounts, Super NOW accounts
  and money market accounts, time deposits and individual retirement accounts.
        The Company also engages in the full complement of lending activities,
  including commercial, consumer installment and real estate loans.  Commercial
  loans are loans to local community businesses and may be unsecured or secured
  by assets of the business and/or its principals.  Consumer installment loans
  include loans for automobiles, home improvements, debt consolidation and
  other personal needs.  Real estate loans include secured short-term mini-
  permanent real estate loans and construction loans.  The Company originates
  loans that are guaranteed under the Small Business Investments Act and
  periodically sell the guaranteed and unguaranteed portion of such loans in
  the secondary market.
        The Company also offers a wide range of specialized services designed
  to attract and service the needs of commercial customers and account holders. 
  These services include extended weekday banking, drive-up and walk-up facili-
  ties, merchant windows, traveler's checks, safe deposit, Mastercard and Visa
  merchant deposit services, and computer accounting services, which include
  payroll and escrow accounting services.  The Company currently does not
  operate a trust department.

  NON-BANK SUBSIDIARIES

  West Coast Realty Finance
        West Coast Realty, a California corporation organized in March 1981, is
  licensed as a real estate broker and until 1990 operated as a mortgage
  banker.  West Coast Realty restructured its operations during 1989,
  eliminating its loan servicing functions.  During 1990, West Coast Realty
  discontinued originating loans.  West Coast Realty is now inactive.

  North Orange County Bancorp
        North Orange, a wholly-owned subsidiary of West Coast, acts solely as a
  holding company for WCV, Inc. and Chancellor.  North Orange does not have
  assets, revenues or earnings that are material to the Company other than its
  investment in WCV, Inc.

  WCV, Inc.
        WCV, Inc., formerly Heritage Thrift and Loan Association, was organized
  in June 1981 and commenced business in March 1982 as a licensed California
  thrift and loan company.  During the fourth quarter of 1992, the Company

                                        -5-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  began liquidating the assets of WCV, Inc.
        As of March 9, 1993, WCV, Inc. had no remaining deposits and, it
  surrendered its license to act as a California thrift and loan company during
  March 1993.  WCV, Inc.'s assets are now substantially liquidated and its
  operations are limited to the restoration and sale of its one remaining
  property and resolving a certain lease obligation.  See "ITEM 3 - LEGAL
  PROCEEDINGS."

  Chancellor Financial Services, Inc.
        Chancellor was organized in June 1981 and commenced business in March
  1982 as a licensed California personal property broker.  Chancellor is
  inactive and its assets, revenues or earnings are not material to the
  Company.

  Centennial Beneficial Loan Company
        Centennial Loan was organized in March 1981 and engaged in limited loan
  servicing activities.  Centennial Loan is inactive and its assets, revenues
  and earnings are not material to the Company.

  Centennial Mortgage Income Fund
        CMIF is a limited partnership engaged in real estate lending.  The
  partnership, which was organized in December 1983, commenced business in
  December 1984 to invest in commercial, industrial and residential income-
  producing real property by making first mortgage loans, equity participation
  loans, construction loans and wrap-around and other junior loans.  West Coast
  was a general partner of CMIF until 1992, when West Coast resigned as a
  general partner.

  COMPETITION AND LOCAL MARKET EFFECTS

        Sunwest has four banking offices located in Orange County, California. 
  Sunwest has had no significant direct impact from the Orange County
  bankruptcy filing that occurred in December 1994.  No assurances can be made
  as to whether any impact will occur in the future.  Sunwest faces substantial
  competition for deposits and loans throughout its respective market areas. 
  The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates,
  personalized services, the quality and range of financial services,
  convenience of office locations and office hours.  Competition for deposits
  comes primarily from other commercial banks, savings institutions, credit
  unions, money market funds and other investment alternatives.  The primary
  factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, the
  quality and range of lending services and personalized services.  Competition
  for loans comes primarily from other commercial banks, savings institutions,
  credit unions and other financial intermediaries.  Sunwest faces competition
  for deposits and loans throughout its market area not only from local
  institutions but also from out-of-state financial intermediaries which have
  opened loan production offices or which solicit deposits in their market
  areas.  Many of the financial intermediaries operating in Sunwest's market
  area offer certain services, such as trust, investment, ATM cards and
  international banking services, which Sunwest does not offer directly. 
  Additionally, banks with larger capitalization and financial intermediaries
  not subject to bank regulatory restrictions have larger lending limits and
  are thereby able to serve the needs of larger customers.  Neither the
  deposits nor loans of Sunwest exceed 1% of the aggregate loans or deposits of
  all financial intermediaries located in its market area.



                                        -6-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  EFFECT OF GOVERNMENTAL POLICIES AND RECENT LEGISLATION

        Banking is a business that depends on rate differentials.  In general,
  the difference between the interest rate paid by the Banks on their deposits
  and other borrowings and the interest rate received by them on loans extended
  to their customers and securities held in the Banks' portfolios comprise the
  major portion of the Company's earnings.  These rates are highly sensitive to
  many factors that are beyond the control of the Banks.  Accordingly, the
  earnings and growth of the Company are subject to the influence of local,
  domestic and foreign economic conditions, including recession, unemployment
  and inflation.
        The commercial banking business is not only affected by general
  economic conditions but is also influenced by the monetary and fiscal
  policies of the federal government and the policies of regulatory agencies,
  particularly the Federal Reserve Board.  The Federal Reserve Board implements
  national monetary policies (with objectives such as curbing inflation and
  combating recession) by its open-market operations in United States
  Government securities, by adjusting the required level of reserves for
  financial intermediaries subject to its reserve requirements and by varying
  the discount rates applicable to borrowings by depository institutions.  The
  actions of the Federal Reserve Board in these areas influence the growth of
  bank loans, investments and deposits and also affect interest rates charged
  on loans and paid on deposits.  The nature and impact of any future changes
  in monetary policies cannot be predicted.
        From time to time, legislation is enacted which has the effect of
  increasing the cost of doing business, limiting or expanding permissible
  activities or affecting the competitive balance between banks and other
  financial intermediaries.  Proposals to change the laws and regulations
  governing the operations and taxation of banks, bank holding companies and
  other financial intermediaries are frequently made in Congress, in the
  California legislature and by various bank regulatory and other professional
  agencies.  For example, legislation was recently introduced in Congress that
  would repeal the current statutory restrictions on affiliations between
  commercial banks and securities firms.  Under the proposed legislation, bank
  holding companies would be allowed to control both a commercial bank and a
  securities affiliate, which could engage in the full range of investment
  banking activities, including corporate underwriting.  The likelihood of any
  major legislative changes and the impact such changes might have on the
  Company are impossible to predict.  See "Item 1. Business - Supervision and
  Regulation."

  Prompt Corrective Action
        In September 1992, the federal banking agencies issued uniform final
  regulations implementing the prompt corrective action provisions of the
  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the "FDIC
  Improvement Act").  Under the regulations, an insured depository institution
  will be deemed to be:
    -   "well capitalized" if it (i) has total risk-based capital of 10% or
        greater, Tier 1 risk-based capital of 6% or greater and a leverage
        ratio of 5% or greater and (ii) is not subject to an order, written
        agreement, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to
        meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure;
    -   "adequately capitalized" if it has total risk-based capital of 8% or
        greater, Tier 1 risk-based capital of 4% or greater and a leverage
        ratio of 4% or greater (or a leverage ratio of 3% or greater if the
        institution is rated composite 1 under the applicable regulatory rating
        system in its most recent report of examination);

                                        -7-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

    -   "undercapitalized" if it has total risk-based capital that is less than
        8%, Tier 1 risk-based capital that is less than 4% or a leverage ratio
        that is less than 4% (or a leverage ratio that is less than 3% if the
        institution is rated composite 1 under the applicable regulatory rating
        system in its most recent report of examination);
    -   "significantly undercapitalized" if it has total risk-based capital
        that is less than 6%, Tier 1 risk-based capital that is less than 3% or
        a leverage ratio that is less than 3%; and
    -   "critically undercapitalized" if it has a ratio of tangible equity to
        total assets that is equal to or less than 2%.
        An institution that, based upon its capital levels, is classified as
  well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized may be
  reclassified to the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal
  banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, (i) determines that
  the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or (ii) deems the
  institution to be engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice and not to have
  corrected the deficiency.  At each successive lower capital level, an
  institution is subject to more restrictions and federal banking agencies are
  given less flexibility in deciding how to deal with it.
        The law prohibits insured depository institutions from making capital
  distributions or paying management fees to any controlling persons if after
  such transaction the institution would be undercapitalized.  If an
  institution is undercapitalized, it will be closely monitored by the
  appropriate federal banking agency, subject to asset growth restrictions and
  required to obtain prior regulatory approval for acquisitions, branching and
  engaging in new lines of business.  Any undercapitalized depository
  institution must submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to the
  appropriate federal banking agency 45 days after becoming undercapitalized. 
  The appropriate federal banking agency cannot accept a capital restoration
  plan unless, among other things, it determines that the plan (i) specifies
  the steps the institution will take to become adequately capitalized, (ii) is
  based on realistic assumptions and (iii) is likely to succeed in restoring
  the institution's capital.  In addition, each company controlling an
  undercapitalized institution must guaranty that the institution will comply
  with the capital plan until the institution has been adequately capitalized
  on an average basis during each of four consecutive calendar quarters and
  must otherwise provide adequate assurances of performance.  The aggregate
  liability of such guaranty is limited to the lesser of (a) an amount equal to
  5% of the depository institution's total assets at the time the institution
  became undercapitalized or (b) the amount which is necessary to bring the
  institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable to such
  institution as of the time the institution fails to comply with its capital
  restoration plan.  Finally, the appropriate federal banking agency may impose
  any of the additional restrictions or sanctions that it may impose on
  significantly undercapitalized institutions if it determines that such action
  will further the purpose of the prompt corrective action provisions.
        An insured depository institution that is significantly
  undercapitalized, or is undercapitalized and fails to submit, or in a
  material respect to implement, an acceptable capital restoration plan, is
  subject to additional restrictions and sanctions.  These include, among other
  things: (i) a forced sale of voting shares to raise capital or, if grounds
  exist for appointment of a receiver or conservator, a forced merger; (ii)
  restrictions on transactions with affiliates; (iii) further limitations on
  interest rates paid on deposits; (iv) further restrictions on growth or
  required shrinkage; (v) modification or termination of specified activities;
  (vi) replacement of directors or senior executive officers, subject to
  certain grandfather provisions for those elected prior to enactment of the

                                        -8-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  FDIC Improvement Act; (vii) prohibitions on the receipt of deposits from
  correspondent institutions; (viii) restrictions on capital distributions by
  the holding companies of such institutions; (ix) required divestiture of
  subsidiaries by the institution; or (x) other restrictions as determined by
  the appropriate federal banking agency.  Although the appropriate federal
  banking agency has discretion to determine which of the foregoing
  restrictions or sanctions it will seek to impose, it is required to force a
  sale of voting shares or merger, impose restrictions on affiliate
  transactions and impose restrictions on rates paid on deposits unless it
  determines that such actions would not further the purpose of the prompt
  corrective action provisions.  In addition, without the prior written
  approval of the appropriate federal banking agency, a significantly
  undercapitalized institution may not pay any bonus to its senior executive
  officers or provide compensation to any of them at a rate that exceeds such
  officer's average rate of base compensation during the 12 calendar months
  preceding the month in which the institution became undercapitalized.
        Further restrictions and sanctions are required to be imposed on
  institutions that are critically undercapitalized.  For example, a critically
  undercapitalized institution generally would be prohibited from engaging in
  any material transaction other than in the ordinary course of business
  without prior regulatory approval and could not, with certain exceptions,
  make any payment of principal or interest on its subordinated debt beginning
  60 days after becoming critically undercapitalized.  Most importantly,
  however, except under limited circumstances, the appropriate federal banking
  agency, not later than 90 days after an insured depository institution
  becomes critically undercapitalized, is required to appoint a conservator or
  receiver for the institution.  The board of directors of an insured
  depository institution would not be liable to the institution's shareholders
  or creditors for consenting in good faith to the appointment of a receiver or
  conservator or to an acquisition or merger as required by the appropriate
  federal banking agency.
        As of December 31, 1994, Sunwest had a total risk-based capital ratio
  of 6.24%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.95% and a leverage capital
  ratio of 3.59%.  Because Sunwest's total risk-based capital was below 8% and
  its leverage ratio was below 4% at December 31, 1994, Sunwest was deemed to
  be "undercapitalized" under the prompt corrective action provisions of the
  FDIC Improvement Act.  On January 20, 1995, Sunwest received $3.4 million
  from West Coast increasing Sunwest's capital to the "well capitalized"
  levels.  However, because Sunwest remains subject to agreements it may only
  be considered "adequately capitalized" as defined by the prompt corrective
  action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act.

  Capital Standards
        The Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC have adopted risk-based minimum
  capital guidelines intended to provide a measure of capital that reflects the
  degree of risk associated with a banking organization's operations for both
  transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets and transactions, such
  as letters of credit and recourse arrangements, which are recorded as off
  balance sheet items.  Under these guidelines, nominal dollar amounts of
  assets and credit equivalent amounts of off balance sheet items are
  multiplied by one of several risk adjustment percentages, which range from 0%
  for assets with low credit risk, such as certain U.S. Treasury securities, to
  100% for assets with relatively high credit risk, such as business loans.
        A banking organization's risk-based capital ratios are obtained by
  dividing its qualifying capital by its total risk adjusted assets.  The
  regulators measure risk-adjusted assets, which includes off balance sheet
  items, against both total qualifying capital (the sum of Tier 1 capital and

                                        -9-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  limited amounts of Tier 2 capital) and Tier 1 capital.  Tier 1 capital
  consists primarily of common stock, retained earnings, noncumulative
  perpetual preferred stock (cumulative perpetual preferred stock for bank
  holding companies) and minority interests in certain subsidiaries, less most
  intangible assets.  Tier 2 capital may consist of a limited amount of the
  allowance for possible loan and lease losses, cumulative preferred stock,
  long term preferred stock, eligible term subordinated debt and certain other
  instruments with some characteristics of equity.  The inclusion of elements
  of Tier 2 capital is subject to certain other requirements and limitations of
  the federal banking agencies.  The federal banking agencies require a minimum
  ratio of qualifying total capital to risk-adjusted assets of 8% and a minimum
  ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-adjusted assets of 4%.
        In addition to the risked-based guidelines, federal banking regulators
  require banking organizations to maintain a minimum amount of Tier 1 capital
  to total assets, referred to as the leverage ratio.  For a banking
  organization rated in the highest of the five categories used by regulators
  to rate banking organizations, the minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital
  to total assets is 3%.  For all banking organizations not rated in the
  highest category, the minimum leverage ratio must be at least 100 to 200
  basis points above the 3% minimum, or 4% to 5%.  In addition to these uniform
  risk-based capital guidelines and leverage ratios that apply across the
  industry, the regulators have the discretion to set individual minimum
  capital requirements for specific institutions at rates significantly above
  the minimum guidelines and ratios.  Sunwest has been required by the FDIC to
  maintain a leverage ratio of 6.5%.
        The federal banking regulators have issued a proposed rule to take
  account of interest rate risk in calculating risk-based capital.  The
  proposed rule includes a supervisory model for taking account of interest
  rate risk.  Under that model, institutions would report their assets,
  liabilities and off balance sheet positions in time bands based upon their
  remaining maturities.  The federal banking agencies would then calculate a
  net risk weighted interest rate exposure.  If that interest rate risk
  exposure was in excess of a certain threshold (1% of assets), the institution
  could be required to hold additional capital proportionate to that excess
  risk.  Alternatively, the agencies have proposed making interest rate risk
  exposure a subjective factor in considering capital adequacy.  Exposures
  would be measured in terms of the change in the present value of an
  institution's assets minus the change in the present value of its liabilities
  and off-balance sheet positions for an assumed 100 basis point parallel shift
  in market interest rates.  However, the federal banking agencies have
  proposed to let banks use their own internal measurement of interest rate
  risk if it is declared adequate by examiners.
        Effective January 17, 1995, the federal banking agencies issued a final
  rule relating to capital standards and the risks arising from the
  concentration of credit and nontraditional activities.  Institutions which
  have significant amounts of their assets concentrated in high risk loans or
  nontraditional banking activities and who fail to adequately manage these
  risks, will be required to set aside capital in excess of the regulatory
  minimums.  The federal banking agencies have not imposed any quantitative
  assessment for determining when these risks are significant, but have
  identified these issues as important factors they will review in assessing an
  individual bank's capital adequacy.
        In December 1993, the federal banking agencies issued an interagency
  policy statement on the allowance for loan and lease losses which, among
  other things, establishes certain benchmark ratios of loan loss reserves to
  classified assets.  The benchmark set forth by such policy statement is the
  sum of (a) assets classified loss; (b) 50 percent of assets classified

                                       -10-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  doubtful; (c) 15 percent of assets classified substandard; and (d) estimated
  credit losses on other assets over the upcoming 12 months.
        Federally supervised banks and savings associations are currently
  required to report deferred tax assets in accordance with SFAS No. 109.  See
  "Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation - Accounting Changes."  The
  federal banking agencies recently issued final rules governing banks and bank
  holding companies, which become effective April 1, 1995, which limit the
  amount of deferred tax assets that are allowable in computing an institutions
  regulatory capital.  The standard has been in effect on an interim basis
  since March 1993.  Deferred tax assets that can be realized for taxes paid in
  prior carryback years and from future reversals of existing taxable temporary
  differences are generally not limited.  Deferred tax assets that can only be
  realized through future taxable earnings are limited for regulatory capital
  purposes to the lesser of (i) the amount that can be realized within one year
  of the quarter-end report date, or (ii) 10% of Tier 1 Capital.  The amount of
  any deferred tax in excess of this limit would be excluded from Tier 1
  Capital and total assets and regulatory capital calculations.
        Future changes in regulations or practices could further reduce the
  amount of capital recognized for purposes of capital adequacy.  Such a change
  could affect the ability of the Bank to grow and could restrict the amount of
  profits, if any, available for the payment of dividends.

  Safety and Soundness Standards
        On February 2, 1995, the federal banking agencies adopted final safety
  and soundness standards for all insured depository institutions.  The
  standards, which were issued in the form of guidelines rather than
  regulations, relate to internal controls, information systems, internal audit
  systems, loan underwriting and documentation, compensation and interest rate
  exposure.  In general, the standards are designed to assist the federal
  banking agencies in identifying and addressing problems at insured depository
  institutions before capital becomes impaired.  If an institution fails to
  meet these standards, the appropriate federal banking agency may require the
  institution to submit a compliance plan.  Failure to submit a compliance plan
  may result in enforcement proceedings.  Additional standards on earnings and
  classified assets are expected to be issued in the near future.
        In December 1992, the federal banking agencies issued final regulations
  prescribing uniform guidelines for real estate lending.  The regulations,
  which became effective on March 19, 1993, require insured depository
  institutions to adopt written policies establishing standards, consistent
  with such guidelines, for extensions of credit secured by real estate.  The
  policies must address loan portfolio management, underwriting standards and
  loan to value limits that do not exceed the supervisory limits prescribed by
  the regulations.
        Appraisals for "real estate related financial transactions" must be
  conducted by either state certified or state licensed appraisers for
  transactions in excess of certain amounts.  State certified appraisers are
  required for all transactions with a transaction value of $1,000,000 or more;
  for all nonresidential transactions valued at $250,000 or more; and for
  "complex" 1-4 family residential properties of $250,000 or more.  A state
  licensed appraiser is required for all other appraisals.  However, appraisals
  performed in connection with "federally related transactions" must now comply
  with the agencies' appraisal standards.  Federally related transactions
  include the sale, lease, purchase investment in, or exchange of, real
  property or interests in real property, the financing or refinancing of real
  property, and the use of real property or interests in real property as
  security for a loan or investment, including mortgage-backed securities.


                                       -11-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Premiums for Deposit Insurance
        Federal law has established several mechanisms to increase funds to
  protect deposits insured by the Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF") administered by
  the FDIC.  The FDIC is authorized to borrow up to $30 billion from the United
  States Treasury; up to 90% of the fair market value of assets of institutions
  acquired by the FDIC as receiver from the Federal Financing Bank; and from
  depository institutions that are members of the BIF.  Any borrowings not
  repaid by asset sales are to be repaid through insurance premiums assessed to
  member institutions.  Such premiums must be sufficient to repay any borrowed
  funds within 15 years and provide insurance fund reserves of $1.25 for each
  $100 of insured deposits.  The result of these provisions is that the
  assessment rate on deposits of BIF members could increase in the future.  The
  FDIC also has authority to impose special assessments against insured
  deposits.
        The FDIC has adopted final regulations implementing a risk-based
  premium system required by federal law.  Under the regulations, which cover
  the assessment periods commencing on and after January 1, 1994, insured
  depository institutions are required to pay insurance premiums currently
  within a range of 23 cents per $100 of deposits to 31 cents per $100 of
  deposits depending on their risk classification.  On January 31, 1995, the
  FDIC issued proposed regulations that would establish a new assessment rate
  schedule of 4 cents per $100 of deposits to 31 cents per $100 of deposits
  applicable to members of BIF.  There can be no assurance that the final
  regulations will be adopted as proposed.  To determine the risk-based
  assessment for each institution, the FDIC will categorize an institution as
  well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized based on its
  capital ratios.  A well-capitalized institution is one that has at least a
  10% total risk-based capital ratio, a 6% Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and
  a 5% Tier 1 leverage capital ratio.  An adequately capitalized institution
  will have at least an 8% total risk-based capital ratio, a 4% Tier 1 risk-
  based capital ratio and a 4% Tier 1 leverage capital ratio.  An
  undercapitalized institution will be one that does not meet either of the
  above definitions.  The FDIC will also assign each institution to one of
  three subgroups based upon reviews by the institution's primary federal or
  state regulator, statistical analyses of financial statements and other
  information relevant to evaluating the risk posed by the institution.

  Interstate Banking and Branching
        On September 29, 1994, the President signed into law the Riegel-Neal
  Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 (the "Interstate
  Act").  Under the Interstate Act, beginning one year after the date of
  enactment, a bank holding company that is adequately capitalized and managed
  may obtain approval under the BHCA to acquire an existing bank located in
  another state without regard to state law.  A bank holding company would not
  be permitted to make such an acquisition if, upon consummation, it would
  control (a) more than 10% of the total amount of deposits of insured
  depository institutions in the United States or (b) 30% or more of the
  deposits in the state in which the bank is located.  A state may limit the
  percentage of total deposits that may be held in that state by any one bank
  or bank holding company if application of such limitation does not
  discriminate against out-of-state banks.  An out-of-state bank holding
  company may not acquire a state bank in existence for less than a minimum
  length of time that may be prescribed by state law except that a state may
  not impose more than a five year existence requirement.
        The Interstate Act also permits, beginning June 1, 1997, mergers of
  insured banks located in different states and conversion of the branches of
  the acquired bank into branches of the resulting bank.  Each state may permit

                                       -12-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  such combinations earlier than June 1, 1997, and may adopt legislation to
  prohibit interstate mergers after that date in that state or in other states
  by that state's banks.  The same concentration limits discussed in the
  preceding paragraph apply.  The Interstate Act also permits a national or
  state bank to establish branches in a state other than its home state if
  permitted by the laws of that state, subject to the same requirements and
  conditions as for a merger transaction.
        The Interstate Act is likely to increase competition in the Company's
  market areas especially from larger financial institutions and their holding
  companies.  It is difficult to assess the impact such likely increased
  competition will have on the Company's operations.
        In 1986, California adopted an interstate banking law.  The law allows
  California banks and bank holding companies to be acquired by banking
  organizations in other states on a "reciprocal" basis (i.e., provided the
  other state's laws permit California banking organizations to acquire banking
  organizations in that state on substantially the same terms and conditions
  applicable to banking organizations solely within that state).  The law took
  effect in two states.  The first stage allowed acquisitions on a "reciprocal"
  basis within a region consisting of 11 western states.  The second stage,
  which became effective January 1, 1991, allows interstate acquisitions on a
  national "reciprocal" basis.  California has also adopted similar legislation
  applicable to savings associations and their holding companies.

  Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Developments
        The Bank is subject to certain fair lending requirements and reporting
  obligations involving home mortgage lending operations and Community
  Reinvestment Act ("CRA") activities.  The CRA generally requires the federal
  banking agencies to evaluate the record of a financial institution in meeting
  the credit needs of their local communities, including low and moderate
  income neighborhoods.  In addition to substantial penalties and corrective
  measures that may be required for a violation of certain fair lending laws,
  the federal banking agencies may take compliance with such laws and CRA into
  account when regulating and supervising other activities.  On December 21,
  1993, the federal banking agencies issued a proposal to change the manner in
  which they measure a bank's compliance with its CRA obligations, but no final
  regulation has yet been approved.
        On March 8, 1994, the federal Interagency Task Force on Fair Lending
  issued a policy statement on discrimination in lending.  The policy statement
  describes the three methods that federal agencies will use to prove
  discrimination: overt evidence of discrimination, evidence of disparate
  treatment and evidence of disparate impact.

  Current Accounting Pronouncements
        In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
  issued SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which superseded SFAS No.
  96 of the same title.  SFAS No. 109, which became effective for fiscal years
  beginning after December 31, 1992, employs an asset and liability approach in
  accounting for income taxes payable or refundable at the date of the
  financial statements as a result of all events that have been recognized in
  the financial statements and as measured by the provisions of enacted tax
  laws.  Adoption by the Company of SFAS No. 109 did not have a material impact
  on the Company's results of operations.
        In December 1991, the FASB issued SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair
  Value of Financial Instruments," which is effective for fiscal years ending
  after December 15, 1992 (December 15, 1995 in the case of entities with less
  than $150 million in total assets).  SFAS No. 107 requires financial
  intermediaries to disclose, either in the body of their financial statements

                                       -13-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  or in the accompanying notes, the "fair value" of financial instruments for
  which it is "practicable to estimate that value."  SFAS No. 107 defines "fair
  value" as the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a
  current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forces or
  liquidation sale.  Quoted market prices, if available, are deemed the best
  evidence of the fair value of such instruments.  Most deposit and loan
  instruments issued by financial intermediaries are subject to SFAS No. 107,
  and its effect will be to require financial statement disclosure of the fair
  value of most of the assets and liabilities of financial intermediaries such
  as the Company and the Bank.  The disclosure required by SFAS No. 107 at
  December 31, 1994 is presented in NOTE 18 to the Company's Consolidated
  Financial Statements.  See "Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
  DATA."  Management is unable to predict what effect, if any, such disclosure
  requirements could have on the market price of the common stock of the
  Company or its ability to raise funds in the financial markets.
        In December 1990, FASB issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
  Post-Retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" effective for fiscal years
  beginning after December 15, 1992.  In November 1992, FASB issued Statement
  of Financial Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Post-Employment
  Benefits," effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. 
  SFAS No. 106 and SFAS No. 112 focus primarily on post-retirement health care
  benefits.  The Company does not provide post-retirement benefits, and SFAS
  No. 106 and SFAS No. 112 will have no impact on net income in 1995.
        In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors
  for Impairment of a Loan" ("SFAS 114") and in October 1994 the FASB issued
  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 118, "Accounting by Creditors
  for Impairment of a Loan - Income Recognition and Disclosures" ("SFAS 118"). 
  Under the provisions of SFAS 114, a loan is considered impaired when, based
  on current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be
  unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the
  loan agreement.  SFAS 114 requires creditors to measure impairment of a loan
  based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
  loan's effective interest rate, except that as a practical expedient, a
  creditor may measure impairment based on a loan's observable market price, or
  the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.  If the
  measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the
  loan, a creditor shall recognize an impairment by creating a valuation
  allowance with a corresponding charge to expense.  This statement also
  applies to restructured loans and narrows the definition of in-substance
  foreclosures such that loans probable of foreclosure are accounted for as
  loans as opposed to real estate.  SFAS 118 amends SFAS 114 to allow a
  creditor to use existing methods for recognizing interest income on impaired
  loans.  In addition SFAS 118 amends certain disclosure requirements of SFAS
  114.  SFAS 114 and 118 apply to financial statements for fiscal years
  beginning after December 15, 1994 and initial adoption is required to be
  reflected prospectively.  The Company does not expect these statements to
  have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.
        In May 1993, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
  Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
  Securities" ("SFAS 115").  SFAS 115 requires that investments be classified
  as "held-to-maturity", "available-for-sale" or "trading securities."  The
  statement defines investments in securities as "held-to-maturity" based upon
  a positive intent and ability to hold those securities to maturity. 
  Investments held-to-maturity would be reported at amortized cost.  Debt and
  equity securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of
  selling them in the near term are classified as "trading securities" and

                                       -14-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  would be reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in
  operations.  Debt and equity securities not classified as "held-to-maturity"
  or "trading securities" are classified as "available-for-sale" and would be
  recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from
  operations and reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity, net
  of tax effect.  SFAS 115 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
  December 15, 1993.  The adoption of SFAS 115 did not have a material effect
  on the Company's financial statements.  The initial adoption of SFAS 115 was
  accounted for prospectively as of January 1, 1994.

  SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

        Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both
  federal and state law.

  West Coast
        West Coast, as a registered bank holding company, is subject to
  regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the
  "Act").  West Coast is required to file with the Federal Reserve Board
  quarterly and annual reports and such additional information as the Federal
  Reserve Board may require pursuant to the Act.  The Federal Reserve Board may
  conduct examinations of West Coast and its subsidiaries.
        The Federal Reserve Board may require that West Coast terminate an
  activity or terminate control of or liquidate or divest certain subsidiaries
  or affiliates when the Federal Reserve Board believes the activity or the
  control or the subsidiary or affiliate constitutes a significant risk to the
  financial safety, soundness or stability of any of its banking subsidiaries. 
  The Federal Reserve Board also has the authority to regulate provisions of
  certain bank holding company debt, including authority to impose interest
  ceilings and reserve requirements on such debt.  Under certain circumstances,
  West Coast must file written notice and obtain approval from the Federal
  Reserve Board prior to purchasing or redeeming its equity securities.
        Under the Act and regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board, a
  bank holding company and its nonbanking subsidiaries are prohibited from
  requiring certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of
  credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of services.  Further, the
  Company is required by the Federal Reserve Board to maintain certain levels
  of capital.  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Effect of Governmental Policies and
  Recent Legislation - Capital Standards."
        West Coast is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal
  Reserve Board for the acquisition of more than 5% of the outstanding shares
  of any class of voting securities or substantially all of the assets of any
  bank or bank holding company.  Prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board is
  also required for the merger or consolidation of West Coast and another bank
  holding company.
        The Company is prohibited by the Act, except in certain statutorily
  prescribed instances, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control
  of more than 5% of the outstanding voting shares of any company that is not a
  bank or bank holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in
  activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or
  furnishing services to its subsidiaries.  However, the Company may, subject
  to the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board, engage in any, or acquire
  shares of companies engaged in, activities that are deemed by the Federal
  Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling
  banks as to be a proper incident thereto.  In making any such determination,
  the Federal Reserve Board is required to consider whether the performance of
  such activities by West Coast or an affiliate can reasonably be expected to

                                       -15-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  produce benefits to the public, such as greater convenience, increased
  competition or gains in efficiency, that outweigh possible adverse effects,
  such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition,
  conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices.  The Federal Reserve
  Board is also empowered to differentiate between activities commenced de novo
  and activities commenced by acquisition, in whole or in part, of a going
  concern.
        Under Federal Reserve Board regulations, a bank holding company is
  required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its
  subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound
  manner.  In addition, it is the Federal Reserve Board's policy that in
  serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks, a bank holding
  company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate
  capital funds to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or
  adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising
  capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. 
  A bank holding company's failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source
  of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the
  Federal Reserve Board to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a
  violation of the Federal Reserve Board regulations or both.  This doctrine
  has become known as the "source of strength" doctrine.  Although the United
  States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit found the Federal Reserve
  Board's source of strength doctrine invalid in 1990, stating that the Federal
  Reserve Board had no authority to assert the doctrine under the Act, the
  decision, which is not binding on federal courts outside the Fifth Circuit,
  was recently reversed by the United States Supreme Court on procedural
  grounds.  The validity of the source of strength doctrine is likely to
  continue to be the subject of litigation until definitively resolved by the
  courts or by Congress.
        West Coast is also a bank holding company within the meaning of
  Section 3700 of the California Financial Code.  As such, West Coast and its
  subsidiaries are subject to examination by, and may be required to file
  reports with, the California State Banking Department.
        Finally, West Coast is subject to the periodic reporting requirements
  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including but not limited
  to, filing annual, quarterly and other current reports with the Securities
  and Exchange Commission.

  Sunwest Bank
        Sunwest, as a California state-chartered bank, is subject to primary
  supervision, examination and regulation by the California Superintendent of
  Banks (the "Superintendent") and the FDIC.  While Sunwest is not a member of
  the Federal Reserve System, it is nevertheless subject to certain regulations
  of the Federal Reserve Board.
        Sunwest is insured by the FDIC, which currently insures deposits of
  each member bank to a maximum of $100,000 per depositor.  For this
  protection, each bank pays a semi-annual statutory assessment and is subject
  to the rules and regulations of the FDIC.  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Effect of
  Governmental Policies and Recent Legislation - Premium of Deposit Insurance."
        Various requirements and restrictions under the laws of the United
  States and the State of California affect the operations of Sunwest.  These
  statutes and regulations relate to many aspects of Sunwest's operations,
  including reserves against deposits, interest rates payable on deposits,
  loans, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends,
  locations of branch offices, capital requirements and disclosure obligations
  to depositors and borrowers.


                                       -16-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Restrictions on Transfers of Funds to West Coast by Sunwest
        West Coast is a legal entity separate and distinct from Sunwest.
        There are statutory and regulatory limitations on the amount of
  dividends which may be paid to West Coast by Sunwest.  California law
  restricts the amount available for cash dividends by state-chartered banks,
  such as Sunwest, to the lesser of retained earnings or the bank's net income
  for its last three fiscal years (less any distributions to shareholders made
  during such period).  In the event a bank is precluded from paying cash
  dividends, cash dividends may be paid with the prior approval of the
  Superintendent in an amount not exceeding the greater of the retained
  earnings of the bank, the net income of the bank for its last fiscal year or
  the net income of the bank for its current fiscal year.
        The FDIC, the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve Board
  have established guidelines with respect to the maintenance of appropriate
  levels of capital by banks or bank holding companies under their
  jurisdiction.  Compliance with the standards set forth in such guidelines
  limit the amount of dividends which the Bank may pay.  Further, Sunwest is
  subject to regulatory orders and the prompt corrective action provisions of
  the FDIC Improvement Act which require it to maintain specified levels of
  capital and prohibit it from paying any cash dividends to West Coast.  See
  "ITEM 1.  BUSINESS - Effect of Government Policy and Recent Legislation -
  Prompt Corrective Action and - Capital Standards and - Potential and Existing
  Enforcement Action - Sunwest's Regulatory Orders" for a discussion of these
  additional restrictions on capital distributions.
        At present, substantially all of West Coast's revenues, including funds
  available for the payment of other operating expenses, are currently, and
  will for the foreseeable future continue to be, proceeds from the liquidation
  of the non-bank subsidiaries and B&PB stock.  At December 31, 1994, Sunwest
  is unable to pay a dividend without regulatory approval.  West Coast is also
  restricted from charging and collecting management fees from Sunwest.  See
  "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Effect of Government Policy and Recent Legislation -
  Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action."
        Sunwest is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on
  any extensions of credit to, or the issuance of a guaranty or letter of
  credit on behalf of, West Coast or other affiliates, the purchase of or
  investments in stock or other securities thereof, the taking of such
  securities as collateral for loans and the purchase of assets of West Coast
  or other affiliates.  Such restrictions prevent West Coast and such other
  affiliates from borrowing from Sunwest unless the loans are secured by
  marketable obligations of designated amounts.  Further, such secured loans
  and investments by Sunwest to or in West Coast or to or in any other
  affiliate is limited to 10% of Sunwest's capital and surplus (as defined by
  federal regulations) and such secured loans and investments are limited, in
  the aggregate, to 20% of Sunwest's capital and surplus (as defined by federal
  regulations).  California law also imposes certain restrictions with respect
  to transactions involving state chartered banks and certain persons
  controlling the Company and other controlling persons of Sunwest.  Additional
  restrictions on transactions with affiliates may be imposed on Sunwest under
  the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act.  See
  "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Effect of Government Policies and Recent Legislation -
  Prompt Corrective Action."

  POTENTIAL AND EXISTING ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS

        Commercial banking organizations, such as Sunwest, and its institution-
  affiliated parties, which include West Coast, may be subject to potential
  enforcement actions by Federal and state banking agencies for unsafe or

                                       -17-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  unsound practices in conducting their businesses or for violations of any
  law, rule, regulation or any condition imposed in writing by the agency or
  any written agreement with the agency.  Enforcement actions may include the
  imposition of a conservator or receiver, the issuance of a cease and desist
  order that can be judicially enforced, the termination of insurance of
  deposits, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, the issuance of a
  directive to increase capital, the issuance of an order of removal or
  prohibition against institution-affiliated parties and the imposition of
  restrictions or sanctions under the prompt corrective action provisions of
  the FDIC Improvement Act.  Additionally, a holding company's inability to
  serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banking organizations could
  serve as an additional basis for regulatory action against the holding
  company.

  West Coast's Regulatory Agreement
        Based upon its examination of West Coast as of September 30, 1993, the
  FRB and West Coast entered into a Written Agreement that is dated April 11,
  1994 (the "Agreement").  The Agreement requires West Coast to: (a) refrain
  from paying any dividends without the prior written approval of the FRB; (b)
  refrain from incurring any debt, without the prior written approval of the
  FRB; (c) within 90 days of the Agreement, submit to the FRB a written plan to
  service its current debt without incurring additional debt or without
  reliance on fees or payments from the Banks; (d) refrain from making any cash
  expenditure in excess of $25,000, individually or in the aggregate, to any
  individual or entities, without the prior written consent of the FRB; (e)
  within 30 days of the Agreement, submit to the FRB a written policy
  addressing intercorporate management fees, service fees and other payments
  assessed or paid by the Banks; (f) refrain from assessing or collecting any
  management or service fee from the Banks without the prior written approval
  of the FRB; (g) within 10 days of the Agreement, identify an outside director
  who shall submit a report to the FRB, within 60 days of the Agreement, that
  fully documents all management and service fees that have been paid by the
  Banks since January 1, 1992 including a justification of such services
  provided by West Coast to, or on behalf of the Banks, and explain how they
  are consistent with all applicable policies of West Coast; (h) refrain from,
  directly or indirectly, entering into or engaging in any financial
  transaction with the Banks or any of its other affiliates in any one month in
  excess of $25,000, without the prior written approval of the FRB; (i) refrain
  from entering into, or participating in any manner, in any financial
  transaction with any of West Coast's or the Banks' institution affiliated
  parties or their related interests ("insiders") in excess of $25,000 without
  the prior written consent of the FRB; (j) within 90 days of the Agreement,
  submit to the FRB a written statement concerning the steps that the Board of
  Directors proposes to take to improve the condition of the Company and the
  Banks; (k) refrain from, directly or indirectly, increasing the salaries or
  fees of, or pay any bonus to, or make any other payment to, any insiders of
  the Company or the Banks; (l) notify the FRB at least 30 days before adding
  or replacing any director or senior executive officer of West Coast; and (m)
  within 45 days of the end of each calendar quarter following the date of the
  Agreement, provide various progress reports to the FRB.
        Based upon its examination of West Coast as of September 30, 1994, the
  FRB concluded that West Coast was in substantial compliance with the
  agreement.

  Sunwest's Regulatory Orders
        Based upon an examination of Sunwest as of August 23, 1991, the FDIC
  issued an Order to Cease and Desist against Sunwest (the "C&D Order") which

                                       -18-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  became effective on April 27, 1992.  The C&D Order requires Sunwest to: (a)
  have management with qualifications and experience commensurate with his or
  her duties at the Bank which should include (i) a chief executive officer
  with proven ability in managing a financial institution and experience in
  upgrading low quality assets and (ii) a senior lending officer with an
  appropriate level of lending, collection and loan supervision experience for
  the type and quality of Sunwest's loans; (b) increase its Tier 1 capital to
  not less than $17.3 million on or before July 26, 1992 and to not less than
  $18.3 million on or before December 31, 1992; (c) achieve a Tier 1 capital
  ratio of at least 6.5% on or before July 26, 1992 and thereafter maintain
  that ratio; (d) develop and adopt a plan to meet the FDIC's minimum risk-
  based capital requirements; (e) eliminate from its books certain criticized
  assets and reduce other criticized assets to specified levels at various
  dates until April 26, 1993; (f) not extend, directly or indirectly, any
  additional credit to any borrower who has a loan or other extension of credit
  that has been charged off or classified, in whole or in part, "loss" or
  "doubtful" and is uncollected; (g) develop or revise, adopt and implement
  several policies including (i) written lending and collection policies, (ii)
  a written liquidity and funds management policy, (iii) a comprehensive policy
  for determining the adequacy of the reserve for loan losses and (iv) a policy
  regarding internal routine and control procedures; (h) establish and
  thereafter maintain adequate reserves for loan losses; (i) develop and adopt
  a plan to control overhead and other expenses; (j) eliminate and/or correct
  all violations of law identified by the FDIC in its examination as of August
  23, 1991 and take all necessary steps to ensure future compliance with all
  applicable laws and regulations; (k) refrain from paying cash dividends
  without prior written consent of the FDIC and the Superintendent; (l) refrain
  from increasing the amount of broker deposits above the amount outstanding at
  April 27, 1992 and submit to the FDIC and Superintendent a written plan for
  eliminating Sunwest's reliance on brokered deposits; (m) file Consolidated
  Reports of Condition and Income, and all necessary amendments thereto, that
  accurately reflect the financial condition of Sunwest as of the end of each
  fiscal quarter on and after March 31, 1991; and (n) furnish quarterly written
  progress reports to the FDIC and the Superintendent detailing the form and
  manner of actions taken to secure compliance with the C&D Order.
        As a result of an examination of Sunwest conducted by the California
  State Banking Department as of March 16, 1992, the Superintendent issued on
  February 8, 1993 an Order under Financial Code Section 1913 (the "State
  Order") against Sunwest that was effective immediately and superseded a
  temporary Order under Financial Section Code 1912 dated November 12, 1992. 
  The State Order contains provisions that are substantially similar to the C&D
  Order.  However, it also requires Sunwest to: (a) formulate, adopt and
  implement a comprehensive business plan by December 31, 1992 for restoring
  Sunwest to a sound condition; and (b) develop and adopt by December 31, 1992,
  and thereafter implement, a month-by-month budget for 1993 and a profit plan
  which shall include, among other things, a plan to improve earnings.
        Due to the losses incurred by Sunwest and the resulting reduction in
  Sunwest's capital ratios, at December 31, 1994, Sunwest was undercapitalized
  as defined under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIC
  Improvement Act.
        In addition, Sunwest Bank received three orders during 1994 from the
  California State Banking Department that its contributed capital was impaired
  under the provisions of California Financial Code and that the Bank must
  correct such impairment of its contributed capital within 60 days of the
  respective order.  Pursuant to California law, at December 31, 1994, a paid
  in capital infusion of approximately $4,968,000 was required to correct such
  impairment.  The impairment could also be cured by an increase in retained

                                       -19-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  earnings of approximately $2 million.  Failure to correct the capital
  impairment could lead to a reduction or possibly elimination of West Coast
  ownership interest in Sunwest.

  Response to Administrative Actions
        Management of West Coast and Sunwest have taken actions and implemented
  programs to comply with the requirements of the agreements or orders
  applicable to their respective institutions.
        Based upon its examination of West Coast as of September 30, 1994, the
  FRB concluded that West Coast was in substantial compliance with the
  Agreement.
        In its most recent examination of Sunwest as of July 26, 1994, the FDIC
  noted that Sunwest was not in full compliance with the provisions of the C&D
  Order relating to maintaining specified ratios of Tier 1 and risk-based
  capital and maintaining an adequate reserve for loan losses.  The FDIC also
  noted that, although Sunwest has attempted to reduce overhead expenses,
  Sunwest is still experiencing large operating losses due primarily to its
  high level of classified assets and the weak local economy.
        Since the examination, management of Sunwest has continued its efforts
  to reduce the level of classified assets and to correct the criticism of its
  reserve for loan losses.  In accordance with the prompt corrective action
  provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act, Sunwest submitted to the FDIC a
  revised capital restoration plan and West Coast submitted to the FDIC through
  a commitment and guaranty and security agreement, a guaranty of the capital
  restoration plan.  The capital restoration plan provides that the anticipated
  primary source of additional capital for Sunwest will be provided by West
  Coast with the proceeds from the sale of Sacramento First.  On June 22, 1994,
  West Coast, Sacramento First and B&PB entered into an agreement providing for
  the acquisition of Sacramento First by B&PB.  On January 20, 1995, the
  acquisition was completed.  West Coast received $3,514,000 in cash net of
  legal costs, 243,546 shares of B&PB common stock and a right to receive a
  contingent cash payment of up to $940,000 three to five years after the sale
  date based upon the performance of Sacramento First's loan portfolio and real
  estate owned.
        Sunwest received $3.4 million of the $3,514,000 proceeds in the form of
  repayment of management fees charged to Sunwest by West Coast from 1989
  through 1993.  Management believes this resulted in eliminating the capital
  impairment under the provisions of the California Financial Code.  The shares
  of B&PB common stock are held by Sunwest as security for West Coast's
  guaranty of its capital plan.
        On March 30, 1995, West Coast sold 50,000 shares of the B&PB common
  stock for $7.75 per share totaling $387,500.  Proceeds of $200,000 were
  infused as capital into Sunwest increasing the leverage ratio to over 6.5%. 
  West Coast has requested approval from the FDIC to receive the remaining
  cash.  The cash is currently held by Sunwest as collateral for West Coast's
  guaranty of Sunwest's capital plan.
        Management believes that the actions taken have brought West Coast and
  Sunwest into compliance with the Agreement, the C&D Order, the State Order
  and the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act. 
  Compliance will be determined by the regulatory authorities.

  EMPLOYEES

        At December 31, 1994, West Coast and its subsidiaries employed 91 per-
  sons.  West Coast and its subsidiaries believe that their employee relations
  are satisfactory.


                                       -20-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  SELECTED STATISTICAL INFORMATION

        The following tables and data set forth, for the respective periods
  shown, selected statistical information relating to the Company.  The tables
  and data should be read in conjunction with the other financial information
  appearing elsewhere in this report.
        For the tables of "Average Balance Sheet and Analysis of Net Interest
  Earnings" and "Rate and Volume Variance Analysis" see "ITEM 7. - MANAGEMENT'S
  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - Results of Operation - Net Interest Income."

  Loans by Type
        The following table sets forth loans by type as of December 31.  The
  Company had no foreign loans during the periods reported.

  (dollars in thousands)          1994      1993      1992      1991     1990
                               -----------------------------------------------
  Commercial                   $33,010  $ 78,462  $104,704  $138,973 $175,505 
  Real estate:
   Construction                      -    27,558    39,227    40,045   34,318 
   Mortgage                     49,236    98,220   108,241   126,681   95,584 
  Installment loans              4,694    16,874    22,937    39,439   61,088 
  Direct lease financing             -         -     3,486    14,361   26,573 
  Unearned income, discounts 
    and fees                      (371)     (748)   (2,084)   (5,432)  (9,811)
                               -----------------------------------------------
  Total                        $86,569  $220,366  $276,511  $354,067 $383,257 
                               ===============================================

       Commercial loans are loans to local community businesses and may be
  unsecured or secured by assets of the business and/or its principals. 
  Construction loans are secured by the underlying property and may be secured
  by additional collateral or guarantees by the principal borrowers.  Mortgage
  loans are secured by deeds of trust on the underlying properties and may be
  guaranteed by the principal borrowers.  Installment loans to individuals may
  be unsecured or secured by various types of assets including automobiles,
  trust deeds, recreational vehicles or other personal property.
       The Company primarily funds loans based on the creditworthiness of the
  borrower and supported by a minimum of two identified sources of repayment. 
  Advance rates on collateral provided in support of the sources of repayment
  generally does not exceed 60% to 80% of collateral value.
       Total loans decreased significantly from 1990 through 1994 primarily
  from: the exclusion of Sacramento First in 1994; a general decrease in the
  demand for loans during 1993 at Sacramento First; the liquidation of WCV,
  Inc.; the liquidation of WCRF; and a decrease of $155 million of loans at
  Sunwest of which $51 million and $40 million occurred during 1994 and 1993,
  respectively.
       Sunwest's overall decreases in loans from 1992 through 1994 as well as
  the decreases in its commercial loans in 1991 resulted from lower loan
  demand, more stringent underwriting standards and planned disengagement from
  problem and potential problem credits.  The decrease in loans during the past
  three years, and particularly in 1994 also resulted from Sunwest's capital
  position and its regulatory orders.  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Potential and
  Existing Enforcement Action - Sunwest's Regulatory Orders."  Sunwest's
  capital position and the presence of its regulatory orders made it difficult
  for Sunwest to compete with other financial institutions for deposits.  The
  capital position has improved significantly since December 31, 1994.  This
  will reduce some of the adverse competitive pressures, although until the

                                       -21-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  regulatory orders are removed, significant loan growth is unlikely and
  further declines may occur.
       Declines in commercial loans occurred primarily from declines at
  Sunwest.  The significant portion of construction lending was at Sacramento
  First for all periods.  Real Estate Mortgage loans increased at Sunwest from
  1990 through 1992 as the Bank focused its lending efforts away from
  commercial loans and into this segment.  In 1993 and 1994 decreases resulted
  from capital constraints and competitive pressures mentioned above.  The
  Installment and Direct Lease Financing portfolios have decreased as Sunwest
  has not been emphasizing these products and sold its remaining lease
  portfolios in 1992 and 1993; WCV, Inc. had a sizable portfolio in 1990 that
  was substantially liquidated in 1992 with the remainder included in "Net
  Assets held for sale" at December 31, 1992; and Sacramento First has had
  steady decreases in its portfolio through 1993 and its 1994 balance was
  included in "Net Assets Held for Sale."

       The Company's real estate mortgage secured loans are further segregated
  at December 31, 1994 as follows (The Company had no real estate construction
  loans at December 31, 1994):

  (dollars in thousands)                                    Total
                                                           ---------
  Residential:
    Revolving, open ended lines of credit                  $      -
    1 to 4 family properties:
       First liens                                            1,221
       Junior liens                                           5,364
    Multifamily (5 or more) properties                          243
  Mortgage warehouse lines of credit                          1,298
  Farm land                                                       -
  Commercial and other property                              41,110
                                                           ---------
  Total                                                    $ 49,236
                                                           =========

       Real estate mortgage and construction lending contains potential risks
  which are not inherent in other types of commercial loans.  These potential
  risks include declines in market values of underlying real property
  collateral and, with respect to construction lending, delays or cost
  overruns, which could expose the Company to loss.  In addition, risks in
  commercial real estate lending include declines in commercial real estate
  values, general economic conditions surrounding the commercial real estate
  properties, and vacancy rates.  A decline in the general economic conditions
  or real estate values within the Company's market area could have a negative
  impact on the performance of the loan portfolio or value of the collateral. 
  Because the Company lends primarily within its market areas, the real
  property collateral for its loans is similarly concentrated, rather than
  diversified over a broader geographic area.  The Company could therefore be
  adversely affected by a decline in real estate values in Orange and Los
  Angeles Counties even if real estate values elsewhere in California generally
  remained stable or increased.
       The risks in the Company's loan portfolio stem from the individual
  credits that are contained therein and the diversification among the credits. 
  The risks of a particular credit arise from the interplay of various factors,
  including the underwriting criteria applied to originate the credit, the
  creditworthiness of the borrower, the controls placed on the disbursement of
  funds, the procedures employed to monitor the credit, the interest rate

                                       -22-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  charged, market interest rate increases for variable rate loans and the
  external economic conditions that may affect the creditor's ability to repay
  or the value of the underlying collateral.  Further, with respect to secured
  credits, certain  additional factors include the nature of the appraisals
  obtained with respect to the underlying collateral and the loan to value
  ratio.  Assuming all other things are equal, certain credits have
  characteristics that present a higher degree of risk than others: a secured
  credit is less risky than an unsecured credit; a credit with liquid
  collateral is less risky than a credit secured by collateral for which there
  is only a limited market; a credit with a lower interest rate is less risky
  than one with a higher rate; a credit with a lower loan to value ratio is
  less risky than a credit with a higher ratio; and a credit that is
  underwritten pursuant to rigorous underwriting criteria and a careful review
  of the borrower's creditworthiness is less risky than a credit originated
  pursuant to less rigorous standards.  The Company considers these
  characteristics, among others, during the underwriting process in an attempt
  to originate loans with an acceptable level of risk.  At December 31, 1994,
  the Company had no significant loan concentrations other than those listed
  above.

  Rate Sensitivity
       Financial institutions are susceptible to fluctuations in interest
  rates.  To the degree that the average yield on assets responds differently
  to a change in interest rates than does the average cost of funds sources,
  earnings will be sensitive to interest rate changes.
       The following table sets forth the maturities for commercial loans and
  for real estate construction loans.  These loans comprised 38% of the gross
  loan portfolio at December 31, 1994 and are classified according to changes
  in interest rates.

  (dollars in thousands)                                Maturing
                                       ---------------------------------------
                                       Within    After One    After
                                       One Year  But Within   Five
                                       Or Less   Five Years   Years     Total
                                       ---------------------------------------
  Commercial                          $ 22,604    $ 6,774    $ 3,632 $ 33,010 
                                      ========================================
  Loans included above with:
    Fixed rates                       $    777    $ 1,698    $     - $  2,475 
    Variable rates                      21,827      5,076      3,632   30,535 
                                      ----------------------------------------
  Total                               $ 22,604    $ 6,774    $ 3,362 $ 33,010 
                                      ========================================














                                       -23-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Allowance for Possible Credit Losses
       The following table discloses the activity in the allowance for possible
  credit losses for the years ended December 31:

  (dollars in thousands)            1994     1993     1992      1991     1990
                                 --------------------------------------------
  Allowance for possible credit
    losses at beginning
    of period                    $  5,557  $ 6,512 $  6,935 $  7,193 $  5,531 
  Charge-offs:
     Commercial                    (3,317)  (8,396)  (3,492)  (5,563)  (2,618)
     Real estate - construction       (51)       -   (1,603)     (93)  (1,070)
     Real estate - mortgage          (432)    (973)  (1,306)  (1,995)  (2,212)
     Installment loans to
       individuals                   (181)    (909)  (1,345)  (1,265)  (1,664)
     Direct lease financing           (29)     (56)    (532)  (1,313)    (626)
  Recoveries:
     Commercial                       452      518    1,774      280      391 
     Real estate - construction         1        -        -        -        - 
     Real estate - mortgage             5        3        -        -       20 
     Installment loans to
       individuals                    142      320      312      336      250 
     Direct lease financing            48       68      146      220      100 
                                 --------------------------------------------
  Net charge-offs                  (3,362)  (9,425)  (6,046)  (9,393)  (7,429)
  Additions charged to operations   3,297    8,470    5,623    9,135    9,091 
  Transfer to assets held for sale   (843)       -        -        -        - 
                                 --------------------------------------------
  Balance at end of period        $ 4,649  $ 5,557 $  6,512 $  6,935 $  7,193 
                                 ============================================
  Allowance for possible credit
    losses as a percentage of:
      Average loans                  3.08%   2.23%     2.03%    1.91%   1.94%
      Loans at end of period         5.37    2.49      2.33     1.96    1.88
  Net charge-offs as a percentage
    of average loans                 2.23    3.78      1.89     2.58    2.00
                                 ============================================

       The allowance for possible credit losses is established by a provision
  for possible credit losses charged against current period income.  Loan and
  lease losses are charged against the allowance when, in management's
  judgment, the loan or lease is considered uncollectible or of such little
  value that its continuance as an asset is unwarranted.  The allowance is the
  amount that management believes is adequate to absorb losses inherent in
  existing loans and commitments to extend credit.  Management's evaluation
  takes into consideration several factors, including economic conditions and
  their effects on particular industries and specific borrowers, borrowers'
  financial data, regulatory examinations and requirements, and continuous
  monitoring and review of the loan portfolio for changes in overall quality
  and specific loan problems.  During 1991, the Company fully implemented the
  following methodology for determining the allowance for possible credit
  losses.  Each subsidiary's allowance consists of specific reserves, general
  reserves and supplemental reserves.  Specific reserves are established by
  analyzing individual credits, generally all loans classified as "doubtful"
  and certain loans classified as "substandard" (see "ITEM 1. BUSINESS -
  Selected Statistical Information - Classified Loans").  The general reserves
  are determined based upon quantitative historical loss experience of loans

                                       -24-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  classified as "substandard" and "other assets especially mentioned" as well
  as certain categories of loans.  The supplemental reserves are additional
  reserves that are based on economic conditions, trends in delinquency,
  renegotiated and nonperforming loans, and are otherwise deemed necessary and
  prudent by management.  Management believes that the allowance for  possible
  credit losses of $4,649,000, constituting approximately 5.37% of loans
  outstanding at December 31, 1994, was adequate to absorb known and inherent
  risks in the loan portfolio.  For additional information on the allowance for
  possible credit losses and net charge-offs, see "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S
  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -
  Results of Operations."

       The Company established an allowance for possible credit losses at
  December 31, 1991 through 1994 for each category as set forth below.  The
  allowance includes reserves for specific loans as well as general and
  supplemental reserves for each category.  In 1990, the Company did not
  normally allocate the allowance for possible credit losses to specific loan
  categories, however, an allocation to the major categories was made for the
  purposes of this report.  The allocations during this year was estimated
  based upon historical loss experience and management's evaluation of the same
  factors considered in determining the amount of additional provisions to the
  allowance for possible credit losses.

  (dollars in
   thousands)     1994                 1993                1992
                  ------------------------------------------------------------
                            Percent              Percent             Percent
                            Of Loan              Of Loan             Of Loan
                  Allowance Category   Allowance Category  Allowance Category
                  ------------------------------------------------------------
  Commercial       $2,214    38.1%     $ 2,881    36.3%     $3,579     37.2%
  Real Estate:
    Construction        -      .-          339    12.3         602     14.0
    Mortgage        2,247    56.5        1,692    43.8       1,300     38.5
  Installment
    loans             188     5.4          645     7.6         831      8.2
  Direct lease
    financing           -      .-            -      .-         200      2.1
                  ------------------------------------------------------------
  Total            $4,649   100.0%     $ 5,557   100.0%     $6,512    100.0%
                  ============================================================
                                                                   (Continued)
















                                       -25-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  (Continued)
  (dollars in
   thousands)     1991                 1990
                  ----------------------------------------
                            Percent              Percent
                            Of Loan              Of Loan
                  Allowance Category   Allowance Category
                  ----------------------------------------
  Commercial       $2,355    42.9%     $ 3,120    47.7%
  Real Estate:
    Construction    1,110    11.1          597     8.7
    Mortgage        1,727    28.6        1,324    21.3
  Installment
    loans           1,190    13.4        1,425    15.5
  Direct lease
    financing         553     4.0          727     6.8
                  ----------------------------------------
  Total            $6,935   100.0%     $ 7,193   100.0%
                  ========================================







































                                       -26-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Nonperforming Loans
     Loans for which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are
  designated nonaccrual loans.  Accrual of interest on such loans is discon-
  tinued when there exists reasonable doubt as to the full and timely
  collection of either principal or interest or generally when a loan becomes
  contractually past due 90 days with respect to principal or interest.  Under
  certain circumstances, interest accruals are continued on loans past due 90
  days which, in management's judgment, are considered to be fully collectible. 
  Renegotiated loans are those on which the terms have been modified in favor
  of the borrower as a result of the borrower's inability to meet the original
  terms.
     The following table summarizes loans which were on nonaccrual, loans
  90 days or more past due and still accruing interest and renegotiated loans
  as of December 31:

  (dollars in thousands)                1994     1993   1992     1991    1990
                                      ----------------------------------------
  Nonaccrual loans                    $ 5,414 $10,744 $ 8,796 $10,078 $ 12,692
  90 days past due loans and
    still accruing                         76     353     158     123    1,616
  Renegotiated loans                    5,850   5,591       -     123       89
  Loans on nonaccrual and 90 days
    past due/total loans                6.34%   4.97%   3.21%   2.88%    3.73%
  Loans on nonaccrual and 90 days
    past due/total assets               4.19    3.55    2.48    2.23     3.04 
                                      ========================================

       The decrease in nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days past due and still
  accruing from 1990 to 1992 and in 1994 resulted primarily from charge-offs
  and foreclosures on real estate collateral.  The changes in the levels of
  nonperforming loans during 1993 and 1994 is discussed under "ITEM 7. 
  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
  OPERATIONS - Results of Operations - Nonperforming Assets."
       The five largest nonaccrual loans at December 31, 1994 totaled $3.7
  million or 69% of total nonaccrual loans.  At December 31, 1994, three loans
  totaling $2.2 million were primarily secured by real estate with one of these
  loans totaling $491,000 being restructured and in compliance with its
  modified terms.  The remaining two loans with a balance of $1.5 million at
  December 31, 1994 were secured by receivables, equipment or inventory.
       As of December 31, 1994, the Company had reversed all of the previously
  accrued interest on loans on nonaccrual status.  If loans on nonaccrual at
  December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 had performed in accordance with original
  terms, interest income of the Company would have increased by $354,000,
  $872,000 and $989,000, respectively.
       All renegotiated loans shown in the chart above were in compliance with
  their modified terms.

  Classified Loans
       The policy of the Company is to review the loans in the portfolio to
  identify problem credits.  During 1991 the Company fully implemented a loan
  grading system.  The loan grading system includes three classifications for
  problem loans: "substandard," "doubtful" and "loss."  A substandard loan is
  inadequately protected by the current sound net worth and paying capacity of
  the borrower or by the pledged collateral, if any.  A substandard loan has
  one or more well defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the
  debt.  A doubtful loan has critical weaknesses which make collection or
  liquidation in full improbable.  A loan classified as loss is considered

                                       -27-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  uncollectible or of such little value that its continuance as an asset is
  unwarranted.  Another category designated as "special mention" is maintained
  for loans which are marginally acceptable but currently protected by the
  current sound net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or by the pledged
  collateral, if any.  A special mention loan is potentially weak, as the
  borrower is exhibiting deteriorating trends which, if not corrected, could
  jeopardize the repayment of the debt and result in a substandard
  classification.
       The following presents loans classified as substandard, doubtful and
  special mention at December 31:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994          1993          1992
                                        -------------------------------------
  Substandard                            $  21,658     $  22,543     $ 30,596
  Doubtful                                     369         1,405        1,883
                                        -------------------------------------
    Total                                $  22,027     $  23,948     $ 32,479
                                        =====================================
  Special mention                        $  10,708     $  28,740     $ 31,007
                                        =====================================

       Except for the loans classified as substandard or doubtful, management
  is not aware of any loans at December 31, 1994 where the known credit
  problems of the borrower would cause the Company to have serious doubts as to
  the ability of such borrowers to comply with their present loan repayment
  terms and which would result in such loans becoming nonperforming loans at
  some future date.  Management cannot, however, predict the extent to which
  the current economic environment may persist or worsen, or the full impact
  such environment may have on the Company's loan portfolio.  Furthermore,
  Sunwest's loan portfolio is subject to review by federal and state regulators
  as part of their routine, periodic examination and such regulators'
  assessment of specific credits may affect the level of the Company's
  nonperforming loans and allowance for possible credit losses.  Accordingly,
  there can be no assurance that other loans will not become nonperforming in
  the future.

  Real Estate Owned
       Gross real estate owned, the valuation allowance and net real estate
  owned at December 31 were as follows:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994          1993          1992
                                        -------------------------------------
  Gross real estate owned                $   5,129     $  10,944     $ 17,475
  Valuation allowance                          777         3,206        1,927
                                        -------------------------------------
  Net real estate owned                  $   4,352     $   7,738     $ 15,548
                                        =====================================
  Percent of assets                           3.3%          2.5%         4.3%
                                        =====================================

       Real estate owned consists of real estate acquired in settlement of
  loans and loans accounted for as in-substance foreclosures.  Real estate
  owned is carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated selling
  costs.
       When there is indication that a borrower no longer has equity in
  property collateralizing a loan and it is doubtful that equity will be
  rebuilt in the foreseeable future, the property is considered repossessed in-

                                       -28-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  substance ("in-substance foreclosure").  Both in-substance foreclosure and
  real estate acquired in settlement of loans are recorded at the lower of the
  unpaid balance of the loan at the settlement date or fair value less selling
  costs of the collateral.  Subsequently, valuation allowances for estimated
  losses are provided against income if the carrying value of real estate
  exceeds estimated fair value less selling costs.
       On January 1, 1995, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
  Accounting Standards #114 ("SFAS 114") "Accounting by Creditors for
  Impairment of a Loan."  and this will adjust the Company's in-substance
  foreclosure policy.  See "NOTE 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
  Statements" for a discussion of this accounting pronouncement.
       While management strives to sell real estate owned for at least the
  carrying value, the amounts actually realized reflect general economic
  conditions nationally and in the geographic areas where such properties are
  located, prevailing interest rates and the quality and location of such
  properties, which conditions management cannot predict.  In addition, the
  regulatory agencies periodically review the allowance for real estate losses
  and such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the
  allowance based on information and factors available to them at the time of
  their examinations.  Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the Company
  will not recognize additional losses with respect to its real estate owned. 
  The net cost of operation of other real estate owned includes write-downs of
  real estate owned, gains and losses on disposition and real estate owned
  operating expenses, net of related income. The net cost of operation of other
  real estate owned totaled $88,000 during 1994, representing .5% of the
  Company's total income for that year, as compared with $3,493,000 or 12.4% of
  total income for 1993.

  Investment Securities
       Investment securities are stated at cost, adjusted for amortization of
  premiums and accretion of discounts.  See "NOTE 1 of the notes to the
  consolidated financial statements" regarding the implementation during 1994
  of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards #115 ("SFAS 115") "Accounting
  for certain investments in debt and equity securities."  The gross unrealized
  gains and losses on such securities are set forth in "NOTE 3 of the Notes to
  the Consolidated Financial Statements."  The following tables show the book
  value of the Company's portfolio of "Held-to-maturity" and "Available-for-
  sale" investment securities as of December 31:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994         1993(1)       1992(1)
  Held-to-maturity                      -------------------------------------
  U.S. government agencies and
    corporations                         $   5,868     $  11,051     $ 11,678
  Obligations of states and
    political subdivisions                       -         4,023        3,438
  Other securities                               -         1,243          993
                                        -------------------------------------
  Total                                  $   5,868     $  16,317     $ 16,109
                                        =====================================

  Available-for-sale
  U.S. government agencies
    and corporations                     $   1,947     $       -     $      -
  Other securities                           4,000             -            -
                                        -------------------------------------
  Total                                  $   5,947     $       -     $      -
                                        =====================================

                                       -29-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  (1)  The Company did not classify securities as "available-for-sale" during
       1993 and 1992.

       The following table discloses the maturity dates and average yields of
  the investment securities "Held-to-maturity" and "available-for-sale" at
  December 31, 1994 (no securities were due after 10 years):

                                          Due After      Due After
                                          One Year       Five Years
                          Due Within      But Within     But Within
  (dollars in thousands)  One Year        Five Years     Ten Years
                          ----------------------------------------------------
                          Amount Yield   Amount Yield   Amount Yield     Total
  Held-to-maturity        ----------------------------------------------------
  U.S. government
    agencies and
    corporations          $    -  .--%  $5,868  6.33%  $    -   .--%  $ 5,868
                          ====================================================

  Available-for-sale
  U.S. government
    agencies and
    corporations          $1,947 6.20%  $    -   .--   $    -   .--%  $ 1,947
  Other securities         4,000 5.52        -   .--        -   .--     4,000
                          ----------------------------------------------------
  Total                   $5,947 5.74%  $    -   .--%  $    -   .--%  $ 5,947
                          ====================================================

       The $4 million of other securities were invested in a "Government Cash
  Fund" issued by Forum Financial Services, Inc. through their group of Monarch
  Funds.  Fair value of this fund equaled book value at December 31, 1994.  For
  additional information on investment securities, see "NOTE 3 of the Notes to
  the Consolidated Financial Statements."

  Deposits
       The following table discloses the average outstanding balance of
  deposits and the average rates paid thereon for each of the years ended
  December 31:

  (dollars in thousands)     1994               1993              1992
                       ------------------------------------------------------
                       Average   Interest Average  Interest  Average  Interest
                       Balance   Rate     Balance  Rate      Balance  Rate
                       ------------------------------------------------------
  Non-interest bearing
    demand deposits    $ 58,238   .--%   $ 96,776    .--%   $ 94,269    .--%
  Interest-bearing
    demand deposits      63,680  2.18      96,415   2.61      98,079   3.16
  Savings deposits        9,334  2.15      11,956   2.42      16,780   3.47
  Time deposits          65,039  4.08     102,158   3.97     161,055   5.11
                       ------------------------------------------------------
  Total                $196,291  2.16    $307,305   2.23%   $370,183   3.22%
                       ======================================================





                                       -30-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

       The maturities of the time certificates of deposit of $100,000 or more
  and the ratio of such deposits to total deposits at December 31, 1994 were as
  follows (dollars in thousands):  
                                                                 Percentage
  Maturity                                           Amount      of Total
                                                    ------------------------
  0-3 Months                                        $  3,354       2.81%
  3-6 Months                                             951        .80
  6-12 Months                                            688        .58
  Over 12 Months                                         300        .25
                                                    ------------------------
  Total                                             $  5,293       4.44%
                                                    ========================

       Generally, the holders of these deposits are highly sensitive to changes
  in interest rates thereby increasing the competition for such deposits as
  well as the interest rates paid thereon.

  Selected Financial Ratios
       The following table sets forth the ratios of net loss to average total
  assets and to average shareholders' equity for the years ended December 31,
  as indicated.  In addition, the ratios of average shareholders' equity to
  average total assets are presented.  West Coast has not declared or paid any
  cash dividends during the periods presented.

                                            1994          1993          1992
                                        -------------------------------------
  Ratio of net loss to:
    Average total assets                  (2.45)%        (3.62)%       (1.70)%
    Average shareholders' equity         (57.44)        (62.38)       (22.04)
  Ratio of average shareholders'
    equity to average total assets         4.26           5.80          7.72
                                        =====================================

  ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

       West Coast rents office space located at 4770 Campus Drive, Suite 250,
  Newport Beach, California, from Sunwest.  The Company occupies its offices
  under long-term leases expiring at various dates through 2006.
       The Company's total occupancy expense for the year ended December 31,
  1994 was approximately $1,546,000.  For additional information concerning
  properties, see Notes 7, 15 and 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
  Statements appearing elsewhere in this report.

  ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

       In April 1992, the San Bernardino County Environmental Health Services
  Department ("SBEHS") named WCV, Inc. as a "responsible party" and a
  "generator" under state and federal environmental laws with respect to the
  contamination of certain real property located in San Bernardino, California
  (the "Property").  In addition, WCV, Inc. was named as a party that must
  reimburse SBEHS and the appropriate Regional Water Quality Control Board for
  all expenses and oversight and supervision requirements associated with the
  clean-up of the Property.
       In February 1993, the Regional Water Quality Control Board of La Hontan
  (the "La Hontan RWQCB") issued an interim order that clarified an interim
  order issued in October 1992 and required WCV, Inc., among other things, to

                                       -31-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  file a work plan for remediation of the Property and install test wells.
       WCV, Inc. acquired an interest in the Property in 1983 when it extended
  a loan that was secured by a deed of trust on the Property.  Both before and
  after 1983, the Property was operated as a gas station with eight underground
  storage tanks.  In October 1988, WCV, Inc. foreclosed on its deed of trust
  and took title to the Property.
       WCV, Inc. has taken various actions to address the contamination on the
  Property, including retaining environmental consultants, filing a work plan,
  ordering various tests and analysis of the Property, removing the underground
  storage tanks, installing test wells and removing contaminants.
       WCV, Inc. has also taken steps to bring actions against other
  potentially responsible parties, including the prior owners and responsible
  oil company for, among other things, indemnity in the event that it is
  ultimately held responsible to pay for the remediation of the Property.  WCV,
  Inc. has filed a claim under the California Underground Tank Cleanup Fund
  law, and its claim has been acknowledged and tentatively classified as a
  Class C claim.  A commitment letter has not been issued.  WCV, Inc. may be
  eligible for reimbursement of certain costs incurred to remediate the
  property.  Such amounts, if any, are unable to be determined at this time.
       The cost to remediate the Property has been tentatively estimated at
  $840,000, of which $660,000 has been incurred through December 31, 1994. 
  WCV, Inc. has accrued $180,000 with respect to its remaining liability in
  connection with this matter.
       In addition, West Coast and its subsidiaries are parties to various
  other legal proceedings, none of which individually or in the aggregate are
  considered by West Coast or its subsidiaries, based in part upon opinions of
  counsel, to be material to the financial condition or results of operations
  of West Coast or its subsidiaries.

  ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

       No matters were submitted to shareholders during the fourth quarter of
  1994.

  ITEM 4(A). EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

       As of March 4, 1995, the executive officers of the Company are as
  follows (Includes Name, Age, Position, and Principal Occupation and
  Affiliation During Last Five Years):

  John B. Joseph, Age 56
       Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, West
  Coast; Chairman of the Board and President, North Orange, WCV, Inc., West
  Coast Realty and Centennial Loan; Co-Chairman of the Board, Sunwest; Chairman
  of the Board, Sunwest Leasing, WCV, Inc.; Chairman of the Board and CEO,
  Chancellor.
       John B. Joseph is currently the Chairman of the Board, President and
  Chief Executive Officer of West Coast.  He has been Chairman of the Board of
  Directors of West Coast since its inception in 1981, President since April
  1993 and Chief Executive Officer since April 1991.  Mr. Joseph also serves,
  or has served, in the following capacities during the past five years: 
  President of West Coast from April 1987 to April 1991; Vice Chairman of the
  Board of Directors of The Centennial Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
  ("CGI"), since February 1987; Senior Executive Vice President and Secretary
  of CGI from July 1987 to July 1993; General Partner of various limited
  partnerships engaged in real estate development and lending activities.  Mr.
  Joseph presently holds and has held, over the past five years, various

                                       -32-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  positions in the subsidiaries of West Coast.  Mr. Joseph has held, over the
  past five years up until July 1993 various positions in the subsidiaries of
  CGI.

  Ronald R. White, Age 48
       Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Vice President,
  West Coast, West Coast Realty, Centennial Loan; Director, WCV, Inc., North
  Orange, Sunwest Leasing and Chancellor; Co-Chairman of the Board, Sunwest.
       Ronald R. White is currently Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman
  of the Board of Directors of West Coast.  Mr. White has served in these
  capacities since April 1987.  Mr. White also serves, or has served, in the
  following capacities during the past five years:  Chairman of the Board of
  Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer of CGI since February 1987;
  General Partner of various limited partnerships engaged in real estate
  development and lending activities.  Mr. White presently holds and has held,
  over the past five years, various positions in the subsidiaries of West Coast
  and CGI.

  Frank E. Smith, Age 44
       Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, West
  Coast, West Coast Realty; Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
  Secretary and Treasurer, Sunwest; Vice President, Secretary and Chief
  Financial Officer, Sunwest Leasing and North Orange; Senior Vice President,
  Treasurer and Secretary, Centennial Loan; Treasurer and Secretary,
  Chancellor; Treasurer, WCV, Inc.
       Frank E. Smith has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
  Officer and Secretary of West Coast since September 1987 and as Senior Vice
  President and Chief Financial Officer of Sunwest since February 1993.

  James G. LeSieur, Age 53
       Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, Sunwest and Sunwest
  Leasing.
       James G. LeSieur has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
  Sunwest since April 1991 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
  Officer of Sunwest from November 1985 to April 1991.  Mr. LeSieur joined
  Sunwest in 1975 as Vice President and Cashier and was later promoted to
  Senior Vice President and Controller.

                                      PART II

  ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER
            MATTERS

  Holders of Record
       As of February 28, 1995, there were approximately 3,100 holders of
  record of West Coast's common stock.

  Dividends
       No dividends have been paid by West Coast since inception. At the
  present time, West Coast plans to retain any earnings to increase its
  liquidity and capital levels.  Further, pursuant to the terms of the
  Memorandum and Agreement, West Coast may not pay any cash dividends without
  the prior written approval of the FRB.  For additional information on
  dividends, see "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Supervision and Regulation - West Coast
  Bancorp and - Restrictions on Transfers of Funds to West Coast by the Banks"
  and "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Potential and Existing Enforcement Actions - West
  Coast's Regulatory Agreement."

                                       -33-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Securities Market Information
       West Coast's common stock currently trades over the counter under the
  symbol WCBC.  West Coast's common stock was traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market
  until December 1994.  The stock was delisted because the Company's total
  market value fell below $3 million.  The following table sets forth, for the
  calendar quarters indicated, the range of high and low sales prices for the
  common stock as reported by Nasdaq or retrieved through over the counter
  trades:

                                       1994                 1993
                                   High     Low         High     Low
                                  -----------------------------------

  First Quarter                   $  .69   $  .34     $ 1.25   $ .56
  Second Quarter                     .75      .38       1.50     .56
  Third Quarter                      .47      .31        .75     .38
  Fourth Quarter                     .38      .31        .63     .31

  ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

          The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial data
  for the years ended December 31 as indicated with respect to the Company and
  is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the
  1992 through 1994 consolidated financial statements, the related notes and
  the independent auditors' report.  The data was derived from the consolidated
  financial statements of the Company, which were audited by KPMG Peat Marwick
  LLP, whose report for December 31, 1994 and 1993 and for each of the years in
  the three-year period ended December 31, 1994 is included elsewhere in this
  report.  The report of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP contains an explanatory
  paragraph regarding uncertainties surrounding Sunwest Bank's (a wholly owned
  subsidiary of West Coast Bancorp) ability to maintain minimum regulatory
  capital requirements and substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
  continue as a going concern.  The consolidated financial statements do not
  include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these
  uncertainties.























                                       -34-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  (in thousands,
   except per share data)       1994     1993      1992       1991      1990
                           --------------------------------------------------
  Results of operations
  Interest income          $  16,134 $  25,078 $  36,113 $   47,501 $  51,574 
  Interest expense             4,735     7,407    12,575     20,411    23,943 
  Net interest income         11,399    17,671    23,538     27,090    27,631 
  Provision for possible
    credit losses              3,297     8,470     5,623      9,135     9,091 
  Other operating income       2,683     3,110     4,045      3,490     3,177 
  Other operating expenses    13,064    23,883    28,006     24,750    23,572 
  Loss on disposition
    of businesses              2,913       550     1,546          -         - 
  Income tax expense
   (benefit)                      13       (15)     (595)    (1,600)     (617)
  Net earnings (loss)      $  (5,205)$ (12,107)$  (6,997)$   (1,705)$  (1,238)

  NET EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
  Net earnings (loss)      $    (.57)$   (1.32)$    (.76)$     (.19)$    (.14)

  FINANCIAL POSITION
  Total assets             $ 130,910 $ 312,263 $ 361,741 $  458,124 $ 470,252 
  Net loans and direct
    lease financing           81,920   217,786   272,502    347,132   376,064 
  Total deposits             119,269   292,950   330,843    415,710   424,087 
  Shareholders' equity (1)     6,203    11,411    23,494     30,491    32,196 
  Long-term obligations        3,755     3,441     3,558      3,630     3,849 
                           ==================================================

  (1)  No cash dividends have been declared or paid by West Coast Bancorp.

  ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
              RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

       The following presents management's discussion and analysis of the
  consolidated financial condition and operating results of West Coast Bancorp
  as a separate entity "West Coast" and together with its subsidiaries (the
  "Company") for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.  This
  discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated
  financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this
  report.

  GENERAL

       The Company posted a net loss of $5,205,000 or $.57 per share in 1994,
  $12,107,000 or $1.32 per share in 1993 and $6,997,000 or $.76 per share in
  1992.  The net loss narrowed in 1994 as losses from the high levels of
  nonperforming assets were reduced despite the continued weak economy and
  depressed real estate values.
       On June 22, 1994, West Coast announced the signing of a definitive
  agreement among Business & Professional Bank ("B&PB"), Sacramento First
  National Bank ("Sacramento First"), and West Coast providing for the
  acquisition of its majority owned subsidiary, Sacramento First by B&PB.  The
  transaction was completed on January 20, 1995 and provided West Coast with
  approximately $3.6 million of cash, approximately 243,500 shares of B&BP's
  common stock and a contingent cash payment of up to $940,000 that may be
  received by West Coast from three to five years after the sale date based on

                                       -35-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  the performance of Sacramento First's loan portfolio and real estate owned. 
  All assets and liabilities of Sacramento First are included in "Net assets
  held for sale" at December 31, 1994 and a $2.8 million expected loss was
  recorded in 1994.  This loss adjusted the net book value of Sacramento First
  to the sum of the current market value of B&PB stock and cash, both received
  upon closing in January 1995.  Sacramento First's operating results were
  included in the consolidated statements of operations for all periods through
  June 30, 1994.  Subsequent to June 30, 1994, no amounts relating to
  Sacramento First were included in any category of the Company's ending
  balance sheet, average balance sheet and income statement except as noted
  above.
       Exclusive of Sacramento First's earnings and loss on sale, the Company's
  loss would have been $2,539,000 or $.28 per share in 1994, $11,541,000 or
  $1.26 per share in 1993 and $8,117,000 or $.89 per share in 1992.

       The Company had total assets, loans and deposits as of December 31 as
  follows:

  (dollars in millions)                     1994          1993          1992
                                        -------------------------------------
  Total assets                          $   131          $ 312         $ 362
  Total loans and leases                     87            223           279
  Total deposits                            119            293           331
                                        =====================================

       The 1994 reductions resulted primarily from the accounting treatment for
  the expected sale of Sacramento First.  Reductions occurred during 1994 and
  1993 from a decrease in loans due to lower loan demand, more stringent
  underwriting standards, and Sunwest's capital position and regulatory orders. 
  Sunwest is operating under an Order to Cease and Desist (the "C&D Order")
  from the FDIC and an order from the State Banking Department (the "State
  Order").  Both orders require, among other things, maintenance of certain
  capital levels.
       During 1993 Sunwest became "undercapitalized" and during part of 1994
  Sunwest was "significantly undercapitalized" under the prompt corrective
  action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act.  This made it difficult for
  Sunwest to compete with other financial institutions for deposits and loans. 
  In January 1995 as a result of the sale of Sacramento First, West Coast
  repaid $3.4 million of management fees to Sunwest.  This increased Sunwest's
  capital ratios to amounts necessary for a depository institution to be
  claimed to be "well capitalized" as defined under the prompt action
  provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act.  However, because Sunwest is still
  subject to regulatory agreements it can only be deemed "adequately
  capitalized."  See Capital Resources and Dividends.  Despite Sunwest's
  current capital level, significant asset growth is not anticipated and
  further declines may occur.
       Further, West Coast's liquidity is limited.  In the event West Coast is
  unable to raise funds to increase its liquidity, West Coast may not be able
  to meet its current obligations and may be forces into bankruptcy.  If this
  event were to occur, West Coast shareholders could suffer the elimination of
  the value of their investments in the Company.  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS -
  Supervision and Regulation -- and Potential and Existing Enforcement Actions"
  and "Capital Resources and Dividends."





                                       -36-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

  GENERAL
       The 1994 loss resulted primarily from an accrued loss on the sale of
  Sacramento First which was completed on January 20, 1995.  Other factors
  affecting the 1994 loss and the primary factors contributing to the 1993 and
  1992 losses were loan losses, costs and expenses associated with high levels
  of nonperforming assets and lower net interest income.  The 1992 loss also
  resulted from the write-off of goodwill of $3.2 million arising from the
  acquisition of Sunwest, as well as a $1.5 million loss on the liquidation of
  WCV, Inc. begun in 1992.  The loss in 1992 was partially offset by a $2.8
  million litigation recovery from Lloyds of London (the "Lloyds Settlement").
       The high levels of provision for possible credit losses stemmed from
  higher charge-offs, foreclosures, nonperforming loans and classified assets
  which, in turn, resulted primarily from a weaker economy and softening real
  estate values.
       All 1994 income and expense categories (excluding loss on sale of
  Sacramento First) were lower in 1994 versus 1993 primarily from the exclusion
  of Sacramento First in 1994 as described above and asset declines at Sunwest.
       Other operating income was higher in 1992 due principally to the Lloyds
  Settlement.
       Other operating expenses decreased from 1994 to 1993 due primarily to
  the exclusion of Sacramento First, reduced net cost of operation of real
  estate owned and cost control efforts at Sunwest.  The 1993 decrease as
  compared with 1992 resulted from a write-off of goodwill in 1992, and the
  liquidation of WCV, Inc. in 1992 partially offset by a significant increase
  in the net cost of real estate owned in 1993.

  NET INTEREST INCOME
       The decline in net interest income in 1994 and 1993 resulted primarily
  from lower interest-earning asset volumes in 1994 and 1993 and, to a lesser
  extent, lower market rates of interest in 1993.
       The net yield on interest-earning assets (net interest income divided by
  average earning assets) and net interest margin (yield on earning assets less
  rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities) both increased slightly in 1994 as
  the yield on interest-earning assets remained unchanged and the rates on
  interest-bearing liabilities declined slightly.
       The yield on interest-earning assets during 1994 compared to 1993
  remained stable despite a 250 basis point increase in the prime rate during
  1994 because Sunwest's yield on interest-earning assets declined from 8.80%
  in 1993 to 8.67% in 1994.  Sunwest's decline was caused by its average loans
  (the highest yielding asset) declining from 85% of average interest earning
  assets in 1993 to 80% in 1994, and the yield on loans increasing by only 19
  basis points during 1994.  The increase in yield on loans was lower than the
  prime rate increases because of a combination of factors including the fact
  that a full year of the prime rate increases were not earned, Sunwest is
  trying to attract and retain higher quality (lower rate) loans, approximately
  50% of Sunwest's loans are either fixed or reprice only once a year and the
  sale of $3.6 million of the unguaranteed portion of SBA loans that were
  yielding 13.54%.  The net yield on interest-earning assets declined in 1993
  from 1992 because net interest income declined at a greater rate than average
  interest-earning assets.  The net interest margin declined in 1993 because
  the decline in rates on average loans exceeded the decline in rates paid on
  average deposits.
       Loans on which the accrual of interest had been discontinued at December
  31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 amounted to $5,414,000, $10,744,000 and $8,796,000,
  respectively.  If these loans had been current throughout their terms, net

                                       -37-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  interest income would have increased approximately $354,000, $872,000 and
  $989,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  This would have raised both
  the net yield on interest-earning assets and the net interest margin by .19%,
  .30% and .27% in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

  <TABLE>
  Average Balance Sheets and Analyses of Net Interest Earnings
       Information concerning average interest-earning assets and interest-
  bearing liabilities, along with the interest earned or paid thereon and the
  average interest rates earned and paid thereon, is set forth in the following
  table for the years ended December 31.  Averages for Sunwest, Sacramento
  First and WCV, Inc., the assets of which constitute 99% of the Company's
  earning assets, were computed based on daily balances.  Averages for the
  remaining entities are based on monthly balances.  Income and yields earned
  on tax exempt securities are not presented in the following tables on a
  taxable equivalent basis since the tax effect was not material.










































                                       -38-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

    <CAPTION>
    (dollars in thousands)                  1994                             1993                              1992
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Average               Average    Average                Average    Average               Average
                                 Balances   Interest   Rates      Balances   Interest    Rates      Balances   Interest   Rates
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    <S>                           <C>      <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>          <C>      <C>        <C>          <C>
    Assets

    Loans, net of unearned
      loan fees and discounts (1)  $150,837 $ 14,480     9.60%    $ 249,258  $ 23,490     9.42%    $320,395   $  34,227   10.68%
    Investment securities            12,817      671     5.24        16,400       814     4.96       13,590         794    5.84
    Federal funds sold               21,283      820     3.85        26,109       718     2.75       29,704         945    3.18
    Interest-bearing deposits
      with banks                      3,815      163     4.27         1,379        56     4.06        3,151         147    4.67
                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total interest-earning assets   188,752   16,134     8.55       293,146    25,078     8.55      366,840      36,113    9.84

    Allowance for possible 
      credit losses                  (5,305)                         (6,781)                         (7,235)
    Cash and due from banks          13,500                          25,791                          24,630 
    Other assets                     15,740                          22,288                          27,168 
                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total assets                   $212,687                       $ 334,444                        $411,403 
                                  ================================================================================================

    Liabilities and 
      shareholders' equity

    Time deposits                  $ 65,039 $ 2,654      4.08%    $ 102,158  $  4,054     3.97%    $161,055   $   8,232    5.11%
    Interest-bearing
      demand deposits                63,680   1,390      2.18        96,415     2,518     2.61       98,079       3,100    3.16
    Savings deposits                  9,334     201      2.15        11,956       289     2.42       16,780         582    3.47
    Capital leases                      691      64      9.26         1,190       110     9.24        1,318         125    9.48
    Other long-term debt              1,105      74      6.70           917        84     9.16        2,176         185    8.50
    Convertible
      subordinated debentures         3,035     352     11.60         3,035       352    11.60        3,035         351   11.57
                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total interest-bearing
      liabilities                   142,884   4,735      3.31       215,671     7,407     3.43      282,443      12,575    4.45

    Demand deposits                  58,238                          96,776                          94,269 
    Other liabilities                 2,504                           2,587                           2,948 
    Shareholders' equity              9,061                          19,410                          31,743 
                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total liabilities and
      shareholders' equity         $212,687                       $ 334,444                        $411,403 
                                  ================================================================================================
    Net interest income                     $11,399                          $ 17,671                         $  23,538 
                                  ================================================================================================
    Net interest margin                                  5.24%                            5.12%                            5.39%
    Net yield on
      interest-earning assets                            6.04                             6.03                             6.42
                                  ================================================================================================

    (1)  Interest income includes loan fees of $224,000, $1,542,000 and $2,049,000 for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and
         1992, respectively.  Loans, net of unearned loan fees and discounts, includes loans placed on nonaccrual.

                                                                  -39-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

    Rate and Volume Variance Analyses
         The following schedule analyzes the rate and volume changes in net interest income for the years ended December 31.  The
    variances attributable to simultaneous volume and rate changes have been allocated based upon the absolute values of the rate
    and volume variance.

    (dollars in thousands)       1994 vs. 1993                    1993 vs. 1992                     1992 vs. 1991
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Volume     Rate       Total      Volume     Rate        Total      Volume     Rate       Total
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Interest Income:
    Loans and leases              $(9,440)  $    430   $ (9,010)  $ (7,014)  $  (3,723)  $(10,737)  $ (4,993)  $ (5,428)  $(10,421)
    Investment securities            (186)        43       (143)       150        (130)        20        230       (124)       106 
    Federal funds sold               (150)       252        102       (107)       (120)      (227)      (390)      (694)    (1,084)
    Interest-bearing deposits
      with banks                      104          3        107        (74)        (17)       (91)        65        (54)        11 
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total                          (9,672)       728     (8,944)    (7,045)     (3,990)   (11,035)    (5,088)    (6,300)   (11,388)
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Interest Expense:
    Time deposits                  (1,512)       112     (1,400)    (2,593)     (1,585)    (4,178)    (2,393)    (3,598)    (5,991)
    Interest-bearing
      demand deposits                (760)      (368)    (1,128)       (52)       (530)      (582)       280     (1,732)    (1,452)
    Savings deposits                  (59)       (29)       (88)      (143)       (150)      (293)      (103)      (299)      (402)
    Capital leases                    (46)         -        (46)       (12)         (3)       (15)       (14)         5         (9)
    Other long-term debt               17        (27)       (10)      (136)         35       (101)        73         (9)        64 
    Convertible subordinated
      debentures                        -          -          -          -           1          1        (47)         1        (46)
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total                          (2,360)      (312)    (2,672)    (2,936)     (2,232)    (5,168)    (2,204)    (5,632)    (7,836)
                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Net change in net
      interest income             $(7,312)  $  1,040   $ (6,272)  $ (4,109)  $  (1,758)  $ (5,867)  $ (2,884)  $   (668)  $ (3,552)
                                 ================================================================================================
    </TABLE>

    INTEREST INCOME AND YIELD ON EARNING ASSETS
      Interest income declined in 1994 and 1993 as a result of lower earning
  asset volumes and to a lesser extent lower rates in 1993.
      Average interest-earning assets decreased by $104 million from 1993 to
  1994 and by $74 million from 1992 to 1993.  The decrease in average loans as
  a percentage of average interest-earning assets from 87.3% in 1992 to 79.9%
  in 1994 also exerted downward pressure on interest income.
      The average interest rates on interest-earning assets remained unchanged
  from 1993 to 1994 and decreased by 129 basis points from 1992 to 1993
  primarily because of changes in market rates of interest.  The changes in the
  rates on interest-earning assets tends to lag behind the changes in market
  rates, as interest-earning assets reprice.  The prime rate declined 350 basis
  points during 1991 to 6.5% at December 31, 1991, remained at 6% from July
  1992 through March 1994 and then steadily increased to 8.5% by December 31,
  1994.
      Interest income is expected to be lower in 1995 due to the decrease in
  assets during 1994.  Total assets at December 31, 1994 were $131 million
  versus average assets in 1994 being $213 million.




                                       -40-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  INTEREST EXPENSE AND COST OF FUNDS
      Interest expense declined in 1994 and 1993 primarily from lower volumes
  and in 1993 from lower rates of interest.  Average interest-bearing
  liabilities decreased by $73 million from 1993 to 1994 and by $67 million
  from 1992 to 1993.
      The average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 12
  basis points from 1993 to 1994 and 102 basis points from 1992 to 1993.  The
  decreases occurred largely as a result of the market rate changes, and, like
  interest-earning assets, the Bank's changes tend to lag behind the market
  changes.  The interest rates on time deposits, the highest cost deposit, fell
  more than other interest-bearing deposits from 1992 to 1993 and rose from
  1993 to 1994.  This occurred because time deposits are much more rate
  sensitive than other deposits.  Average time deposits declined from
  approximately 57% of average interest-bearing liabilities in 1992 to 46% in
  1994, further reducing the cost of funds.
      Interest expense is expected to be lower in 1995 due to the decrease in
  interest-bearing liabilities during 1994.  Total interest-bearing liabilities
  at December 31, 1994 were $87 million versus a 1994 average of $143 million. 
  This decrease from lower volumes is expected to be partially offset by higher
  rates, particularly on time deposits.

  PROVISION FOR POSSIBLE CREDIT LOSSES
      The Company's allowance for possible credit losses, net charge-offs and
  provision for possible credit losses are summarized for the years ended
  December 31 as follows:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994          1993          1992
                                            ---------------------------------
  Allowance for possible credit losses
     at beginning of period                  $  5,557   $  6,512    $  6,935 
  Charge-offs:
    Commercial                                 (3,317)    (8,396)     (3,492)
    Real estate - construction                    (51)         -      (1,603)
    Real estate - mortgage                       (432)      (973)     (1,306)
    Installment loans to individuals             (181)      (909)     (1,345)
    Direct lease financing                        (29)       (56)       (532)
                                            ---------------------------------
  Total charge-offs                            (4,010)   (10,334)     (8,278)
  Recoveries                                      648        909       2,232 
                                            ---------------------------------
  Net charge-offs                              (3,362)    (9,425)     (6,046)
  Provision for possible credit losses          3,297      8,470       5,623 
  Transfer to assets held for sale               (843)         -           - 
                                            ---------------------------------
  Allowance for possible credit losses
    at end of period                         $  4,649   $  5,557    $  6,512 
                                            =================================
  Allowance/Total loans                           5.4%       2.5%        2.3%
  Allowance/Loans on nonaccrual and
     90 days past due                            84.7%      50.1%       72.7%
                                            =================================

       The Company has had high provisions for possible credit losses and
  charge-offs during the three year period as a result of the economic
  recession and depressed real estate values, particularly in southern
  California.  The lower provision for possible credit losses during 1994 as
  compared with 1993 and 1992 is attributable to lower net charge-offs. 

                                       -41-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Recoveries were higher in 1992 because Sunwest received a litigation
  settlement of $2.8 million in 1992 in connection with the Lloyds Settlement
  and recorded $1.2 million as a loan loss recovery, which matched the amount
  of the original loan charge-off which was the subject of the litigation.  The
  1992 provision also includes the reversal of approximately $600,000 of
  allowance for possible credit losses associated with certain loans sold by
  WCV, Inc.
       Management has significantly increased the Company's allowance for
  possible credit losses as a percentage of total loans.  The level of reserves
  reflects management's assessment of the current economic environment and its
  impact on the portfolio as well as the result of implementation of a more
  comprehensive risk assessment system established to identify and quantify
  risk in the portfolio.  Management believes that the allowance for possible
  credit losses at December 31, 1994 is adequate to absorb known and inherent
  risks in the Company's credit portfolio.  See "ITEM 1 - SELECTED STATISTICAL
  INFORMATION - Classified loans" for a summary of classified loans.
       The ultimate collectibility of a substantial portion of the Company's
  loans, as well as its financial condition, is affected by general economic
  conditions and the real estate market in California.  California has
  experienced, and may continue to experience, adverse economic conditions. 
  These conditions have adversely affected certain borrowers' ability to repay
  loans.  The continuation of these conditions or further economic decline in
  the Company's market area could result in a further deterioration in the
  quality of the loan portfolio and high levels of nonperforming assets,
  classified assets and charge-offs, which would require increased provisions
  for possible credit losses and would adversely affect the financial condition
  and results of operations of the Company.  Sunwest has had no significant
  direct impact from the Orange County bankruptcy filing that occurred in
  December 1994.  No assurance can be made as to whether any impact will occur
  in the future.

  CHARGE-OFFS
          A summary of net charge-offs (recoveries) by company for the years
  ended December 31 follows:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994          1993          1992
                                            ---------------------------------
  West Coast                                $    (67)    $   (65)    $     - 
  West Coast Realty                                -           -       1,426 
  WCV, Inc.                                        -           -         847 
  Sacramento First                               746       2,295         533 
  Sunwest                                      2,683       7,195       3,240 
                                            ---------------------------------
                                             $ 3,362     $ 9,425     $ 6,046 
                                            =================================

       West Coast Realty and WCV, Inc. had no charge-offs after 1992 because
  both companies were substantially liquidated in 1992.  Currently, both
  companies are inactive.
       Charge-offs increased at Sacramento First during 1993 as a result of the
  economic environment.  Approximately 88% of Sacramento First's gross charge-
  offs in 1993 were commercial loans.  Sacramento First's charge-offs were
  significantly lower than Sunwest's primarily because the recession and
  declines in real estate values have been much less severe in northern
  California than in southern California.
       Gross charge-offs of commercial loans at Sunwest represented 79% of
  charge-offs in 1994, 79% in 1993 and 60% in 1992.  The level of charge-offs

                                       -42-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  relates primarily to the weak economy, high business failures and falling
  real estate values in southern California.  The 1993 charge-offs were
  significantly higher partially because of two loans, with each loan having a
  charge-off of approximately $1.2 million.  The net charge-offs at Sunwest
  included a recovery of $1.2 million related to the Lloyds Settlement in 1992.
       The Company's and Sunwest's charge-offs as a percentage of average loans
  were 2.23% and 2.43%, respectively during 1994.

  NONPERFORMING ASSETS
       Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and real estate owned. 
  Nonperforming loans include loans for which the accrual of interest has been
  discontinued and loans that are contractually past due 90 days or more with
  respect to principal and are still accruing interest.  Real estate owned
  consists of real estate collateral for which the Company has legally taken
  ownership and real estate collateral that is still legally owned by the
  borrower, but has been accounted for as an "in-substance" foreclosure.  See
  "NOTE 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for a discussion
  of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No 114, ("SFAS 114")
  "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan."  This pronouncement was
  implemented during the first quarter of 1995.

       A summary of nonperforming loans at December 31 follows: 

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994(a)       1993         1992(b)
                                            ---------------------------------
  West Coast                                 $      -    $    46     $     - 
  West Coast Realty                                 -          -         132 
  Sacramento First                                  -      1,372       2,955 
  Sunwest                                       5,490      9,679       5,867 
                                            ---------------------------------
                                             $  5,490    $11,097     $ 8,954 
                                            =================================
  Nonperforming loans/Total loans                6.3%        5.0%       3.2% 
                                            =================================

  (a)  Excludes $1,031,000 of Sacramento First loans classified as Net Assets
       Held for Sale.
  (b)  Excludes $63,000 of WCV, Inc. loans classified in other assets as assets
       held for sale.

       A summary of real estate owned at December 31 follows:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994(c)       1993         1992(d)
                                            ---------------------------------
  West Coast                                 $     53    $   433     $     - 
  West Coast Realty                                 -          -         325 
  Sacramento First                                  -      3,229       2,831 
  Sunwest                                       4,299      4,076      12,392 
                                            ---------------------------------
                                             $  4,352    $ 7,738     $15,548 
                                            =================================
  Real estate owned/Total assets                 3.3%        2.5%       4.3% 
                                            =================================

  (c)  Excludes $1,399,000 of Sacramento First real estate owned classified as
       Net Assets Held for Sale.
  (d)  Excludes $606,000 of WCV, Inc. real estate owned classified in other

                                       -43-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

       assets as assets held for sale.

       A summary of nonperforming assets (nonperforming loans and real estate
  owned combined) at December 31 follows:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994(e)       1993         1992(f)
                                            ---------------------------------
  West Coast                                 $     53    $   479     $     - 
  West Coast Realty                                 -          -         457 
  Sacramento First                                  -      4,601       5,786 
  Sunwest                                       9,789     13,755      18,259 
                                            ---------------------------------
                                             $  9,842    $18,835     $24,502 
                                            =================================
  Nonperforming assets/Total assets              7.5%        6.0%       6.8% 
                                            =================================

  (e)  Excludes $2,430,000 of Sacramento First nonperforming assets classified
  as   Net Assets Held for Sale.
  (f)  Excludes $669,000 of WCV, Inc. nonperforming assets classified in other
       assets as assets held for sale.

       Total nonperforming loans decreased significantly while the percentage
  of nonperforming loans to total loans increased from 1993 to 1994.  This
  resulted from the decrease in total loans from $220 million at December 31,
  1993 to $87 million at December 31, 1994.  Real estate owned totaled $15.5
  million at year-end 1992 as a result of foreclosures which totaled $12.3
  million in 1992.  Real estate owned decreased to $7.7 million at year-end
  1993 as foreclosures were $7.9 million, and $15.9 million in real estate
  owned was sold or written down.  The 1994 decline in real estate owned was
  primarily a result of including Sacramento First in Net Assets Held for Sale. 
  Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets at Sunwest were 7.8%,
  7.3% and 8.1% in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
       Restructured loans which were performing in compliance with their
  modified terms totaled $5,850,000 and $5,591,000 at December 31, 1994 and
  1993, respectively.  The Company had no restructured loans at December 31,
  1992.  Restructured loans totaling $605,000 were on nonaccrual status at
  December 31, 1994.  No such loans existed at year-end 1993 or 1992.
       In general, the changes in the Company's nonperforming assets is
  reflective of the current economic environment and real estate values.

  OTHER OPERATING INCOME
       A summary of other operating income by category is presented in NOTE 14
  of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Other operating
  income decreased to $2.7 million in 1994, from $3.1 million in 1993 and $4.0
  million in 1992.
       From 1993 to 1994 depositor charges decreased by $254,000 as a result of
  the exclusion of Sacramento First and by $268,000 from lower deposit balances
  at Sunwest.  Depositor charges are expected to decrease in 1995 because 1994
  includes $206,000 relating to Sacramento First and average deposits are
  expected to be lower at Sunwest during 1995.
       The decrease in service charges, commissions and fees from 1993 to 1994
  resulted from the exclusion of Sacramento First.  Liquidating WCV, Inc. in
  1992 caused service charges, commissions and fees to decrease from 1992 to
  1993.  Fee income is expected to decrease significantly in 1995 because 1994
  includes $194,000 related to Sacramento First.
       Gain on sale of loans were higher in 1994 versus 1993 because Sunwest

                                       -44-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  sold its unguaranteed portion of SBA loans for a gain of $536,000.  As a
  result of the exclusion of Sacramento First, Sacramento First's gain on sale
  decreased $481,000 from 1993 to 1994.  Gain on sales of loans were
  significantly lower in 1992 because a $838,000 net loss on sale of WCV,
  Inc.'s loans was incurred prior to entering into a plan of liquidation.  Loan
  sales at WCV, Inc. were made in connection with WCV, Inc.'s planned asset
  reduction.  Gain on sale of loans may decrease in 1995 because 1994 included
  $222,000 of gains from Sacramento First and West Coast.
       The net gain on sale of premises and equipment relates to Sunwest's
  conversion of a capital lease to an operating lease in December 1994.
       Nonrecurring income in 1992 consisted of the $1.6 million Lloyds
  Settlement.

  OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
       Other operating expenses decreased significantly from 1992 to 1994.  A
  summary of the operating expenses is presented in NOTE 15 of the Notes to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements.

       A summary of other operating expenses, net of amortization of goodwill
  in 1992, follows:

  (dollars in thousands)                    1994          1993          1992
                                            ---------------------------------
  Other operating expenses                   $ 13,064    $23,883     $24,475 
  Other operating expenses/Interest
    and other operating income                  69.4%       84.7%       60.9%
  Other operating expenses/Average assets        6.1%        7.1%        5.9%
                                            =================================

       Other operating expenses decreased by $10.8 million or 45% from 1993 to
  1994.  Sunwest decreased its other operating expenses by $6.7 million or 41%,
  expenses for Sacramento First decreased $3.5 million or 53% and West Coast
  decreased its expenses by $951,000 or 67%.  Decreases occurred in every
  category and typically varied from 20% to 50%.  A significant exception
  included the net cost of operation of real estate owned which decreased $3.4
  million or 97% for the period.  Sunwest accounted for $3.0 million of this
  decrease primarily because it incurred net gains on the sales of real estate
  owned in 1994 and had lower levels of real estate owned in 1994.
       Salaries decreased by $3.7 million or 37% from 1993 to 1994.  Sacramento
  First's salaries decreased $1.7 million as a result of the sale, Sunwest's
  salaries decreased $1.6 million from reducing staff by 37% in 1994 and West
  Coast's salaries decreased by $423,000 from a reorganization in 1993.  All
  other expenses decreased $3.7 million or 35% from 1993 to 1994 as a result of
  lower asset levels, management's cost control efforts and the exclusion of
  Sacramento First.
       Included in depreciation and amortization in 1992 was a $3.2 million
  charge relating to goodwill arising from the 1985 acquisition of Sunwest. 
  The charge was recorded as a result of a determination, based in part on
  continued uncertainties in the banking industry and increased regulatory
  scrutiny, that the net unamortized goodwill arising from the aforementioned
  acquisition had no further continuing value.
       Excluding the amortization of goodwill, the decrease in other operating
  expenses in 1993 resulted from salaries and employee benefits, occupancy,
  depreciation and amortization, and other expenses.  Offsetting increases
  occurred in the net cost of operation of real estate owned and professional
  services.
       The increases in the net cost of operation of real estate owned

                                       -45-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  consisted primarily from losses on sales and write-downs of real estate
  owned.  The increased write-downs generally reflected the economic factors
  influencing real estate values.  The increase in collection expenses resulted
  from the high levels of nonperforming loans.  Salaries and employee benefits
  decreased in 1993 from the reduction in employees.  Total employees have
  decreased to 91 at year-end 1994 from 216 at year-end 1993 and 251 at year-
  end 1992.  Depreciation and amortization and occupancy decreased in 1993
  because of the liquidation of WCV, Inc.
       Other operating expenses are expected to decrease in 1995 because 1994
  amounts included $3.1 million from Sacramento First.  In addition, Sunwest is
  expected to continue to reduce operating expenses.

  LOSS ON LIQUIDATION OF WCV, INC.
       The Company recorded a loss on the liquidation of WCV, Inc., formerly
  Heritage Thrift & Loan Association, of $125,000, $550,000 and $1.5 million in
  1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, which included estimated losses on loans
  and real estate owned and estimated salaries, occupancy and other operating
  expenses associated with its final operations.
       WCV, Inc. was substantially liquidated in 1993.  Remaining activity
  consists of the environmental clean-up and disposition of the sole remaining
  real estate owned property and resolving a certain lease obligation.
       A claim was filed with the UTS fund for reimbursement of certain direct
  clean-up costs related to the contaminated property.  At December 31, 1994
  WCV, Inc. had paid approximately $460,000 of qualifying expenses and expects
  to pay an additional $270,000 of expenses.  The $730,000 of expenses have
  been recorded as a loss on discontinued business because of the uncertainty
  of the amount and timing of any refund.  If a refund is received from the UTS
  fund, this will allow WCV, Inc. to reverse the previous expenses.

  LOSS ON SALE OF SACRAMENTO FIRST
       West Coast entered into a definitive agreement on June 22, 1994 to sell
  Sacramento First to Business & Professional Bank ("B&PB").  The sale closed
  on January 20, 1995 and provided West Coast with net cash proceeds of $3.5
  million and 243,000 shares of B&PB stock valued at $1.8 million.  No value
  was assigned to the right to receive a contingent cash payment.  The sale
  resulted in a loss of $2.8 million as the net cash proceeds and value of B&PB
  stock was less than the book value of Sacramento First.

  INCOME TAXES
       A summary indicating the differences between the effective income tax
  rate and the Federal statutory rate is presented in NOTE 11 of the Notes to
  the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The 1994, 1993 and 1992 tax benefits
  were less than expected principally because of the change in the valuation
  allowance for deferred taxes and the nondeductible charge-off of goodwill in
  1992.  The valuation allowance was increased to offset the Company's deferred
  tax asset.  The Company may not record a deferred tax asset for deductible
  temporary differences, operating loss or tax credit carryforwards until it is
  more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized.  The net state
  franchise tax affected income tax benefit in 1993 and 1992.

  LIQUIDITY

  THE COMPANY
       Liquidity, as it relates to banking, represents the ability to obtain
  funds to meet loan commitments and to satisfy demand for deposit withdrawals. 
  The principal sources of funds that provide liquidity to West Coast's
  subsidiary, Sunwest, are maturities of investment securities, collections on

                                       -46-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  loans, increased deposits and temporary borrowings.  The Company had loan
  commitments of $13,075,000 and standby and commercial letters of credit
  totaling $438,000 at December 31, 1994.  The majority of outstanding loan
  commitments are not expected to be drawn upon.
       All the outstanding loan commitments were at Sunwest.  Sunwest manages
  its liquidity as well as interest rate risk through an asset and liability
  management committee.  The asset and liability management committee obtains
  estimates from the bank's loan officers of how much of the commitments will
  ultimately be funded and when.  The committee reviews and evaluates these
  estimates in conjunction with projections of loan and time deposit run-off,
  other expected deposit fluctuations and investment maturities.  The committee
  uses the projections to assess liquidity and manage asset levels.
       The Company's liquid asset ratio (the sum of cash, investments
  available-for-sale and Federal funds sold divided by total assets) was 23% at
  December 31, 1994 and 18% at December 31, 1993.  The Company believes that it
  has sufficient liquid resources, as well as available credit facilities, to
  enable it to meet its operating needs.
       The Company's cash and cash equivalents decreased by $32.2 million
  during 1994.  The operating activities increased cash by $3.4 million.  The
  $5.2 million net loss was offset by non-cash expenses, primarily the
  provision for possible credit losses of $3.3 million, the net decrease in
  receivables, payables and other assets of $1.9 million and a loss on
  discontinued business of $2.9 million.  Investing activities provided $32.8
  million in cash and cash equivalent consisted primarily of loan decreases of
  $45.5 million, proceeds from sales of real estate owned of $5.3 million and
  proceeds from sales of loans of $4.5 million.  These were offset by a $14.0
  million decrease in cash and cash equivalents from the exclusion of
  Sacramento First.  Net cash of $68.4 million was used in financing activities
  and consisted almost entirely of decreases in deposits.

  THE PARENT COMPANY
       West Coast's liquidity is limited.  West Coast has relied on sales of
  assets, borrowings from officers/directors, and management service fees and
  dividends from its subsidiaries as sources of liquidity.  Dividends from
  subsidiaries ordinarily provide a source of liquidity to a bank holding
  company.  Sunwest is prohibited from paying cash dividends by an Order to
  Cease and Desist ("the C&D") issued by the FDIC and an Order issued by the
  California Superintendent of Banks (the "state order") without their prior
  consent.
       During 1994, West Coast did not receive any management fees or dividends
  from its subsidiaries.  West Coast does not expect to receive management fees
  or dividends from its subsidiaries during 1995.
       West Coast received $3.5 million of cash, net of selling expenses, from
  the sale of Sacramento First.  West Coast immediately transferred $3.4
  million into Sunwest as a repayment of previously paid management fees. 
  Sales of other property are forecasted to provide $233,000 during 1995.  WCV,
  Inc. may be eligible for reimbursement of certain costs incurred to remediate
  a property.  Such amounts, if any, are unable to be determined.  At December
  31, 1994, West Coast had cash totaling $8,000.
       West Coast anticipates cash expenditures during 1995 to consist of debt
  service payments, advances to WCV, Inc. and other operating expenses.  West
  Coast's projected debt service for 1995 includes quarterly interest payments
  on the 10% subordinated debentures of $76,000 each and an annual principal
  payment on the notes payable to affiliates of $113,000.  A portion of the
  notes payable to affiliates are currently secured by, and scheduled to be
  repaid by sales proceeds totaling $233,000 from the other property sales
  mentioned above.  Advances to WCV, Inc. are forecasted at $173,000 during

                                       -47-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  1995 primarily for restoration of the real estate owned.  West Coast
  anticipates that other operating expenses, will be approximately $451,000
  during 1995, of which $221,000 relates to salaries and directors' fees that
  are currently being deferred.
       A cash shortfall is anticipated unless additional cash can be raised.  A
  former officer of the Company has a judgment against West Coast in the amount
  of $311,000 and is actively pursuing collection of the judgment.  In
  addition, West Coast agreed in connection with the sale of Sacramento First
  to indemnify B&PB for losses in excess of $250,000 arising from breach of
  certain representations and warranties made in the definitive acquisition
  agreement.  Management believes that all losses were adequately accrued at
  Sacramento First at December 31, 1994.
       West Coast may elect to raise additional cash by limiting repayments of
  the affiliate debt or interest payments on the subordinated debt, and/or
  incurring additional debt.  West Coast may not incur debt without the
  approval of the Federal Reserve Board.  On March 23, 1995, West Coast sold
  50,000 shares of B&PB stock.  Of the total proceeds of $387,500, $200,000 was
  infused as capital in Sunwest to achieve compliance with the various
  regulatory orders.  West Coast has requested approval from the FDIC to
  receive the remaining cash.  The cash is currently held by Sunwest as
  collateral for West Coast's guaranty of Sunwest's capital plan.  West Coast
  is considering selling additional shares of B&PB stock, however pursuant to
  agreement with B&PB, West Coast can sell no additional shares of B&PB during
  1995 without B&PB's consent.  Even if B&PB was to consent to sale of some
  additional shares, proceeds of such sale would become security for West
  Coast's guarantee of Sunwest's capital plan as all shares of B&PB stock and
  proceeds thereof are pledged to Sunwest to secure such obligation.  No
  assurances can be given that the FDIC would permit Sunwest to release the
  collateral to West Coast.
       In the event West Coast is unable to raise funds to increase its
  liquidity, West Coast may not be able to meet its current obligations and may
  be forced into bankruptcy.  If this event were to occur, West Coast
  shareholders could suffer the elimination of the value of their investments
  in the Company.  See "Capital Resources and Dividends."

  CAPITAL RESOURCES AND DIVIDENDS

       The following table set forth the Tier 1 and total risk-based capital
  and leverage ratios as of December 31, 1994 for the Company and Sunwest:

                                         Tier 1         Total
                                         Risk-based     Risk-based
                                         Capital        Capital      Leverage
                                         Ratio          Ratio        Ratio
                                        --------------------------------------
  The Company                             5.31%         6.92%         3.88%
  Sunwest                                 4.95          6.24          3.59
  Regulatory minimum                      4.00          8.00          4.00 (a)
                                        ======================================

  (a) Sunwest is subject to regulatory orders that require it to maintain a
  minimum leverage ratio of 6.5%.

       On January 20, 1995, Sunwest received $3.4 million from West Coast and
  on March 30, 1995 Sunwest received an additional $200,000 from West Coast
  increasing Sunwest's leverage ratio to above 6.5%.  These capital infusions
  increase Sunwest's capital ratios to amounts necessary for a depository

                                       -48-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  institution to be deemed to be "well capitalized."  However, because Sunwest
  is still subject to regulatory agreements it can only be deemed "adequately
  capitalized."
       Management believes Sunwest is now in compliance with the 6.5% leverage
  ratio as required by their regulatory agreements and orders as set forth in
  the capital plan Sunwest submitted to the FDIC, pursuant to the prompt
  corrective action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act, which is guaranteed
  by West Coast.  The amount of such guaranty is limited to the lesser of (i)
  5% of Sunwest's total assets at September 30, 1993, the date the FDIC deemed
  Sunwest to have notice that it was undercapitalized or (ii) the amount which
  is necessary to bring Sunwest into compliance with all applicable capital
  standards at the time Sunwest fails to comply with the capital restoration
  plan.  See "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - Effect of Governmental Policy and Recent
  Legislation - Prompt Corrective Action."
       The Company had no material commitments for capital expenditures as of
  December 31, 1994.

  ASSET AND LIABILITY MANAGEMENT

       Management of assets and liabilities in terms of rate, maturity and
  quality has an important effect on liquidity and net interest margin, and
  rate sensitivity is of particular importance.  Rate sensitivity is determined
  by calculating the ratio of rate sensitive assets to rate sensitive liabil-
  ities.  Rate sensitivity ratios that are close to one-to-one tend to
  stabilize earnings and provide a company with flexibility in managing
  liquidity.  Rate sensitivity ratios in which rate sensitive assets exceed
  rate sensitive liabilities tend to produce an expanded net yield on interest
  earning assets in rising interest rate environments and a reduced net yield
  on interest earning assets in declining interest rate environments.  Con-
  versely, when rate sensitive liabilities exceed rate sensitive assets, the
  net yield on interest earning assets generally declines in rising interest
  rate environments and increases in declining interest rate environments. 
  However, because interest rates for different asset and liability products
  offered by depository institutions respond differently to changes in the
  interest rate environment, the interest sensitivity table set forth below is
  only a general indicator of interest rate sensitivity.
       The Company had a net asset sensitivity of $25.5 million at December 31,
  1994.  Market rates of interest increased dramatically during 1994, held
  steady during 1993 and declined slightly during 1992.  The Company's net
  yield on interest-earning assets changed from 6.42% in 1992 to 6.03% in 1993
  and 6.04% in 1994.

















                                       -49-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  <TABLE>
       The following table sets forth the interest-earning assets and interest-
  bearing liabilities of the Company on the basis of when they reprice or
  mature and sets forth the rate sensitivity positions of the Company at Decem-
  ber 31, 1994:

   <CAPTION>                                                                                 Over
                                                         Two         91          181          One Year    Over
                                                         Through     Through     Through      Through     Five
    (dollars in thousands)                   Immediate   90 Days     180 Days    365 Days     Five Years  Years       Total
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    <S>                                       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
    INTEREST-EARNING ASSETS
    Loans                                     $  43,068  $     850  $  8,393   $ 18,755    $  13,292  $   2,270  $  86,628 
    Investments                                  14,200      1,560     2,936      1,479        5,868          -     26,043 
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total interest-earning assets             $  57,268  $   2,410  $ 11,329   $ 20,234    $  19,160  $   2,270  $ 112,671 
                                             ==============================================================================
    INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES
    Time certificates of deposit of
      $100,000 or more                        $       -  $   3,354  $    951   $    688    $     300  $       -  $   5,293 
    Time certificates of deposit
      under $100,000                                  -     17,809    11,001      7,967        2,357          -     39,134 
    Other interest-bearing deposits              38,815          -         -          -            -          -     38,815 
    Other interest-bearing liabilities              644          -         -          -        3,111        171      3,926 
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total interest-bearing liabilities        $  39,459  $  21,163  $ 11,952   $  8,655    $   5,768  $     171  $  87,168 
                                             ==============================================================================
    Rate sensitivity gap                      $  17,809  $ (18,753) $   (623)  $ 11,579    $  13,392  $   2,099  $  25,503 
                                             ==============================================================================
    Cumulative rate sensitivity gap           $  17,809  $    (944) $ (1,567)  $ 10,012    $  23,404  $  25,503  $  25,503 
                                             ==============================================================================
    Cumulative assets divided by liabilities    145.13%      98.44%    97.84%   112.33%      126.90%    129.26%    129.26%
                                             ==============================================================================
    </TABLE>

    ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

       See "ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
  FORM 8-K" below for consolidated financial statements filed as a part of this
  report.

  ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
            FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
SCLOSURE

       None.

                                     PART III

  ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

       Except as hereinafter noted, the information concerning directors and
  executive officers of the Company is incorporated by reference from the
  sections entitled "DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS - Election of Directors
  and - Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934"
  of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to
  Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the last fiscal year.  For

                                       -50-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  information concerning executive officers of the Company, see "ITEM 4(A). 
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT."

  ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

       Information concerning management remuneration and transactions is
  incorporated by reference from the section entitled "DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
  OFFICERS - Compensation of Executive Officers and Directors" of the Company's
  definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120
  days after the end of the last fiscal year.

  ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

       Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners
  and management is incorporated by reference from the section entitled
  "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" of the
  Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A
  within 120 days after the end of the last fiscal year.

  ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

       Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions
  with management is incorporated by reference from the section entitled
  "DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS - Compensation of Executive Officers and
  Directors - Certain Transactions" of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement
  to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
  last fiscal year.

                                      PART IV

  ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

  (a)  Documents filed as part of this report.

       1.   Consolidated Financial Statements.  Reference is made to the Index
            to Consolidated Financial Statements at page F-1 for a list of
            financial statements filed as part of this report.


       2.   Financial Statement Schedules. No financial statement schedules are
            included in this report on the basis that they are either
            inapplicable or the information required to be set forth therein is
            contained in the financial statements filed herewith.

       3.   Exhibits.  Reference is made to the Index of Exhibits at page F-35
            for a list of the exhibits filed as part of this report.

            Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements.  The following
            compensation plan and arrangement is filed as exhibits to this
            report: None.

  (b)  Reports on Form 8-K. The Company filed no reports on Form 8-K during the
       fourth quarter of 1994.

  (c)  Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  See Item 14(a) 3.

  (d)  Additional financial statements.  Inapplicable.

                                       -51-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  UNDERTAKING FOR REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON S-8

       For the purpose of complying with the amendments to the rules governing
  Form S-8 (effective July 13, 1990) under the Securities Act of 1933, the
  undersigned registrant hereby undertakes as follows, which undertaking shall
  be incorporated by reference into registrant's Registration Statement on Form
  S-8 No. 33-25859 (filed December 1, 1988):

       Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
       Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
       controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing
       provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in
       the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such
       indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
       Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable.  In the
       event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
       (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or
       paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant
       in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is
       asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in
       connection with the securities being registered, the registrant
       will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
       settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
       jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is
       against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed
       by the final adjudication of such issue.
































                                       -52-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  Signatures
       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
  Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
  on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 29th day
  of March, 1995.
                               WEST COAST BANCORP
                               (Registrant)
                               By /s/ John B. Joseph
                               ----------------------
                               John B. Joseph
                               Chairman of the Board, President and
                               Chief Executive Officer

       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
  this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
  registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


  /s/ John B. Joseph           Chairman of the Board,         March 29, 1995
  -------------------          President and
  John B. Joseph               Chief Executive Officer
                               (Principal Executive Officer)

  /s/ Ronald R. White          Executive Vice President       March 29, 1995
  -------------------          and Director
  Ronald R. White

  /s/ Frank E. Smith           Chief Financial Officer        March 29, 1995
  -------------------          (Principal Financial
  Frank E. Smith               and Accounting Officer)

  /s/ J. David Cheshier        Director                       March 29, 1995
  -------------------
  J. David Cheshier

  /s/ Dr. L. Wayne Gertmenian  Director                       March 29, 1995
  -------------------
  Dr. L. Wayne Gertmenian

  /s/ Thomas A. Jones          Director                       March 29, 1995
  -------------------
  Thomas A. Jones

  /s/ Lacy G. Marlette, Jr.    Director                       March 29, 1995
  -------------------
  Lacy G. Marlette, Jr.












                                       -53-<PAGE>

  WEST COAST BANCORP
  Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994

  ITEMS 8, 14(a)(1) and 14(a)(2)

  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                          Page
  West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries:

    Consolidated Balance Sheets - 
      December 31, 1994 and 1993                                          F-2

    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended 
      December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                    F-3

    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the
      Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                        F-4

    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended 
      December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                    F-5

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                            F-7

    Independent Auditors' Report                                         F-32

    Responsibility for Financial Reporting                               F-34





  All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or
  because the information is included in the consolidated financial statements
  or the notes thereto.


























                                        F-1<PAGE>
  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  (in thousands, except share data)
                                                             At December 31,
                                                          1994         1993
  ASSETS                                             -------------------------
  Cash and due from banks                             $   9,437    $  18,995 
  Interest-bearing deposits with
    financial institutions                                4,028        4,377 
  Federal funds sold                                     10,200       36,800 
  Investment securities held-to-maturity -
    approximate fair value of $5,708
    and $16,612 in 1994 and 1993, respectively            5,868       16,317 
  Investment securities available-for-sale -
    approximate fair value of $5,947 in 1994              5,947            - 

  Loans and direct lease financing held for sale             59        2,977 
  Loans                                                  86,569      220,366 
  Less allowance for possible credit losses              (4,649)      (5,557)
                                                     -------------------------
       Net loans and direct lease financing              81,920      214,809 
                                                     -------------------------
  Real estate owned, net                                  4,352        7,738 
  Premises and equipment, net                             2,347        5,550 
  Net assets held for sale                                5,351            - 
  Other assets                                            1,401        4,700 
                                                     -------------------------
                                                      $ 130,910    $ 312,263 
                                                     =========================
  LIABILITIES
  Deposits:
  Demand, non-interest bearing                        $  36,027    $  96,053 
  Savings, money market and interest bearing demand      38,815      104,731 
  Time certificates under $100,000                       39,134       68,833 
  Time certificates of $100,000 or more                   5,293       23,333 
                                                     -------------------------
       Total deposits                                   119,269      292,950 

  Notes payable to affiliates                               720          406 
  Other borrowed funds                                      171          441 
  Other liabilities                                       1,512        4,020 
  10% Convertible subordinated debentures                 3,035        3,035 
                                                     -------------------------
       Total liabilities                                124,707      300,852 
                                                     -------------------------
  Commitments and contingencies
  Subsequent events
                                                     -------------------------
  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Common stock, no par value; 30,000,000
    shares authorized; 9,192,942 shares issued
    and outstanding in 1994 and 1993                     30,200       30,200 
  Securities valuation allowance                             (3)           - 
  Accumulated deficit                                   (23,994)     (18,789)
                                                     -------------------------
       Total shareholders' equity                         6,203       11,411 
                                                     -------------------------
                                                      $ 130,910    $ 312,263 
                                                     =========================

          (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.)
                                        F-2<PAGE>
  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS      West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  (in thousands, except loss per share)

                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                   1994      1993     1992
  INTEREST INCOME                              -------------------------------
  Loans, including fees                         $ 14,480  $ 23,490  $ 34,227 
  Federal funds sold                                 820       718       945 
  Investment securities                              671       814       794 
  Interest-bearing deposits with banks               163        56       147 
                                               -------------------------------
       Total interest income                      16,134    25,078    36,113 
                                               -------------------------------

  INTEREST EXPENSE
  Savings, money market and interest
    bearing demand deposits                        1,591     2,807     3,682 
  Time certificate deposits under $100,000         2,162     2,944     5,864 
  Time certificate deposits of $100,000 or more      492     1,110     2,368 
                                               -------------------------------
       Total interest on deposits                  4,245     6,861    11,914 
  Other                                              490       546       661 
                                               -------------------------------
       Total interest expense                      4,735     7,407    12,575 
                                               -------------------------------
       Net interest income                        11,399    17,671    23,538 

  Provision for possible credit losses             3,297     8,470     5,623 
                                               -------------------------------
       Net interest income after provision
         for possible credit losses                8,102     9,201    17,915 

  Other operating income                           2,683     3,110     4,045 
  Other operating expenses                        13,064    23,883    28,006 
  Loss on liquidation of WCV, Inc.                   125       550     1,546 
  Loss on sale of Sacramento First                 2,788         -         - 
                                               -------------------------------
       Loss before income taxes                   (5,192)  (12,122)   (7,592)
  Income taxes (benefit)                              13       (15)     (595)
                                               -------------------------------
  Net loss                                        (5,205)  (12,107)   (6,997)
                                               ===============================
  Net loss per common share                     $   (.57) $  (1.32) $   (.76)
                                               ===============================
  Weighted average number of common
    shares outstanding                             9,193     9,185     9,169 
                                               ===============================












          (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.)
                                        F-3<PAGE>
  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES         West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  (in thousands)                                            Retained
                                 Common Stock   Securities  Earnings  Share-
                                 -------------  Valuation   (Accum.   holders'
                                 Shares Amount  Allowance   Deficit)  Equity
                               ----------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1991   9,169 $30,176     $  -  $     315   $ 30,491 
  Net loss                           -       -        -     (6,997)    (6,997)
                               ----------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1992   9,169  30,176        -     (6,682)    23,494 
  Shares issued to employee         24      24        -          -         24 
  Net loss                           -       -        -    (12,107)   (12,107)
                               ----------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1993   9,193  30,200        -    (18,789)    11,411 
  Net loss                          -        -        -     (5,205)    (5,205)
  Change in securities
    valuation allowance             -        -       (3)         -         (3)
                               ----------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1994  9,193  $30,200     $ (3)  $(23,994)  $  6,203 
                               ==============================================






































          (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.)
                                        F-4<PAGE>
  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS      West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  (in thousands)

                                                   Years ended December 31,
  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES             1994      1993      1992
                                              --------------------------------
  Net loss                                     $  (5,205)$ (12,107)$  (6,997)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
    net cash provided by operating activities: 
    Depreciation and amortization,
      including the write-off of
      goodwill of $3,223 in 1992                     821     1,081     4,699 
    Provision for possible credit losses           3,297     8,470     5,623 
    Deferred income tax benefit                        -         -      (629)
    Net change in receivables, payables
      and other assets                             1,880       128       651 
    Gain on sales of loans                        (1,054)     (825)      (29)
    Proceeds from sales of loans
      originated for sale                          5,359    10,084    15,357 
    Loans originated for sale                     (4,417)  (10,423)  (14,490)
    Write-down of real estate owned                  286     3,469     2,136 
    (Gain) loss on sales of real estate owned       (309)     (453)       42 
    Gain on sale of premises & equipment            (144)        -        (6)
    Loss on sale and liquidation of subsidiaries   2,913       550     1,546 
                                              --------------------------------
       Net cash provided by (used in)
         operating activities                      3,427       (26)    7,903 
                                              --------------------------------

  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

  Proceeds from maturity of
    interest bearing balances                      4,874     1,476     7,944 
  Purchases of interest bearing balances          (5,902)   (4,583)   (1,459)
  Proceeds from maturity of
    investment securities                          3,447    11,706     9,840 
  Purchase of investment securities              (10,587)  (11,914)  (15,063)
  Net decrease in loans                           45,468    38,610    34,591 
  Proceeds from sales of loans                     4,490     2,313     5,403 
  Proceeds from sales of real estate owned         5,278    11,913     3,332 
  Transfer cash equivalents to net
    assets held for sale                         (14,023)        -    (3,349)
  Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment      372         -        74 
  Purchases of premises and equipment               (106)     (614)     (816)
  Capital expenditures for real estate owned        (491)     (448)     (102)
                                              --------------------------------
       Net cash provided by
         investing activities                     32,820    48,459    40,395 
                                              --------------------------------










          (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.)
                                        F-5<PAGE>
  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS      West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  (in thousands)

  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES             Years ended December 31,
                                                   1994      1993      1992
                                              --------------------------------
  Net decrease in deposits                       (67,612)  (37,893)  (64,654)
  Repayments of notes payable to affiliates,
    subordinated debt and other borrowed funds      (793)   (1,559)   (2,403)
                                              --------------------------------
       Net cash used in financing activities     (68,405)  (39,452)  (67,057)
                                              --------------------------------
  (Decrease) increase in cash and
    cash equivalents                             (32,158)    8,981   (18,759)
  Cash and cash equivalents at
    beginning of year                             55,795    46,814    65,573 
                                              --------------------------------
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year     $  23,637 $  55,795 $  46,814 
                                              ================================

  SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH
  INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES

  Transfer of loans to real estate owned       $   2,812 $   6,353 $  10,999 
  Assumption of notes payable upon
    possession of real estate owned                  931     1,523     1,255 
  Loans made to purchaser of real estate owned       309     1,057       433 
  Land transferred to prepaid rent for future
    operating lease payment concessions              218         -         - 
  Assumption of senior mortgage debt by
    purchasers of real estate owned                   94         -       757 
  Increase in other receivables from
    sales of loans and real estate owned               -     1,675         - 
  Removal of senior debt from write-off
    of real estate owned                               -         -       171 
                                              ================================























          (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.)
                                        F-6<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 1
  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  BUSINESS
       West Coast Bancorp, through its remaining active subsidiary Sunwest
  Bank, currently provides banking services in Orange County and is subject to
  competition from other financial institutions.  West Coast Bancorp and
  Sunwest Bank are regulated by certain Federal and state agencies and undergo
  periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities.

  BASIS OF PRESENTATION
       The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of West Coast
  Bancorp, a bank holding company ("West Coast"), and its subsidiaries (the
  "Company").  West Coast's significant remaining subsidiary is its wholly
  owned subsidiary, Sunwest Bank ("Sunwest").  West Coast entered into an
  agreement to sell its majority-owned subsidiary, Sacramento First National
  Bank ("Sacramento First") on June 22, 1994.  On January 20, 1995 the sale
  closed and West Coast received from Business & Professional Bank ("B&PB") as
  part of the sales proceeds 14.5% of its common stock.  Other formerly active
  subsidiaries during the periods presented were West Coast Realty Finance
  ("West Coast Realty") and WCV, Inc. (formerly "Heritage Thrift & Loan").  All
  intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
       All assets and liabilities of Sacramento First are included in "Net
  assets held for sale" at December 31, 1994.  Sacramento First's operating
  results were included in the consolidated statements of operations for all
  periods through the measurement date of June 30, 1994.
       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity
  with generally accepted accounting principles and prevailing practices within
  the banking industry.  In preparing the consolidated financial statements,
  management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
  reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance
  sheet and revenues and expenses for the period.  Actual results could differ
  significantly from those estimates.
       West Coast's liquidity is limited.  In the event West Coast is unable to
  raise funds to increase its liquidity, West Coast may not be able to meet its
  current obligations and may be forced into bankruptcy.  If this event were to
  occur, West Coast shareholders could suffer the elimination of the value of
  their investments in the Company.

  INTEREST BEARING DEPOSITS WITH FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
       Interest bearing deposits with financial institutions generally
  represent certificates of deposit of $100,000 or less held at other financial
  institutions with FDIC insurance.  At December 31, 1994 all interest-bearing
  deposits with financial institutions matured in less than 1 year.

  INVESTMENT SECURITIES
       The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115,
  "Accounting For Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" ("SFAS
  115") effective January 1, 1994 and classified a portion of its securities
  portfolio as being available-for-sale.
       The Company's securities portfolios include U.S. Treasury, U.S. federal
  agency, and mutual fund securities.  Securities are classified as available-
  for-sale when the Company intends to hold the securities for an indefinite
  period of time but not necessarily to maturity.  Any decision to sell a
  security classified as available-for-sale would be based on various factors,
  including significant movements in interest rates, changes in the maturity
  mix of the Company's assets and liabilities, liquidity demands, regulatory

                                        F-7<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  capital considerations, and other similar factors.  Securities available-for-
  sale are carried at the lower of cost or market value.  Cost is generally
  adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity
  or, in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the
  security.  Unrealized gains and losses on investment securities available-
  for-sale are excluded from operations and reported as a separate component of
  stockholders' equity.
       Securities are classified as held-to-maturity when the Company has the
  ability to hold the securities to maturity and the intent to hold them on a
  long-term basis.  Securities held-to-maturity are carried at cost, adjusted
  for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity or, in
  the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the
  security.  The cost of securities sold is based on the specific
  identification method.
       The Company has no investments classified as trading securities.

  LOANS AND DIRECT LEASE FINANCING HELD FOR SALE
       Loans and direct financing leases held for sale are carried at the lower
  of amortized cost or estimated market value in the aggregate.  Net unrealized
  losses are recognized in a valuation allowance by charges to income.

  LOANS
       Loans are reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of unearned
  income.  Loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are
  designated as nonaccrual loans.  Accrual of interest on loans is discontinued
  when reasonable doubt exists as to the full, timely collection of interest or
  principal and, generally, when a loan becomes contractually past-due by
  ninety days or more with respect to principal or interest.  The accrual of
  interest may be continued on a loan contractually past due 90 days or more
  with respect to principal or interest if the loan is in process of collection
  or collection of the principal and interest is deemed probable.
       When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously
  accrued but not collected is reversed against current period income.  Income
  on such loans is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and
  where the future collection of principal is probable.  Accruals are resumed
  on loans only when, in the judgment of management, the loan is estimated to
  be fully collectible.  Renegotiated loans are returned to the accrual status
  when the remaining loan balances, net of any charge-offs related to the
  renegotiations, are estimated to be fully collectible by management.
       A loan is classified as a restructured loan when certain modifications,
  such as the reduction of interest rates to below market or forgiveness or
  deferral of principal payments, are made to contractual terms due to a bor-
  rower's financial condition.  Certain restructured loan agreements call for
  additional interest or principal to be paid on a deferred or contingent
  basis.

  LOAN ORIGINATION FEES AND COSTS
       Loan origination fees and direct costs associated with lending are
  netted, deferred and amortized to interest income as an adjustment to yield
  over the respective lives of the loans using the interest method.  The
  amortization of deferred fees and costs is discontinued on loans that are
  contractually 90 days delinquent.  Net deferred loan fees of approximately
  $371,000 and $748,000 are included as an offset to loans at December 31, 1994
  and 1993, respectively.

  SALES OF LOANS
       The Company has realized gains from the sale of the guaranteed and

                                        F-8<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  unguaranteed portions of "Small Business Administration" loans.  When only a
  portion of a loan is sold the gain or loss is recognized upon completion of
  the sale (net of related commissions paid that are directly attributable to
  the sale) and is based on the difference between the net sales proceeds and
  the relative fair value of the portion of the loan sold versus the portion of
  the loan retained.

  ALLOWANCE FOR POSSIBLE CREDIT LOSSES
       The allowance for possible credit losses is established through a
  provision for possible credit losses charged to expense.  Loans and leases
  are charged against the allowance for possible credit losses when management
  believes that the collectibility of the principal is unlikely.  The allowance
  is an amount that management believes will be adequate to absorb losses in-
  herent in existing loans, leases and commitments to extend credit, based on
  evaluations of the collectibility and prior loss experience.  The evaluations
  take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of
  the portfolio; overall portfolio quality; loan concentrations; specific
  problem loans, leases and commitments; and current and anticipated economic
  conditions that may affect the borrowers' ability to pay.
       While management uses available information to recognize losses on
  loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in
  economic conditions.  Material estimates relating to the determination of the
  allowance for possible credit losses are particularly susceptible to
  significant change in the near term.  In addition, both Federal and state
  regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, peri-
  odically review the Company's allowance for possible credit losses.  These
  agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance
  based on their judgment about information available to them at the time of
  their examinations.

  REAL ESTATE OWNED
       Real estate owned consists of real estate acquired in settlement of
  loans and loans accounted for as in-substance foreclosures.  Real estate
  owned is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, determined by current
  appraisals, less selling costs.  The recognition of gains and losses on sales
  of real estate is dependent upon various factors relating to the nature of
  the property sold, the terms of the sale and the future involvement of the
  Company.
       When there is indication that a borrower no longer has equity in
  property collateralizing a loan and it is doubtful that equity will be
  rebuilt in the foreseeable future, the property is considered repossessed in-
  substance ("in-substance foreclosure").  Both in-substance foreclosure and
  real estate acquired in settlement of loans are recorded at the lower of the
  unpaid balance of the loan at the settlement date or estimated fair value of
  the collateral less selling costs.  Subsequently, valuation allowances for
  estimated losses are provided against income if the carrying value of real
  estate exceeds estimated fair value less selling costs.  Legal fees and
  direct costs, including foreclosure, appraisal and other related costs, are
  expensed as incurred.  While management uses currently available information
  to provide for losses on real estate, future additions to the allowance may
  be necessary based on future economic conditions.  In addition, the regula-
  tory agencies periodically review the allowance for real estate losses and
  such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance
  based on information and factors available to them at the time of their
  examinations.



                                        F-9<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT
       Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation
  and amortization which is charged to expense on a straight-line basis over
  the estimated useful lives of 3 to 10 years.  Premises under leasehold
  improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
  lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is
  shorter.  Expenditures for major renewals and betterments of premises and
  equipment are capitalized and those for maintenance and repairs are charged
  to expense as incurred.

  GOODWILL
       The excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired
  (goodwill) in the acquisitions of Sacramento Valley Bank by Sacramento First
  and of Sunwest by West Coast was amortized using accelerated and straight-
  line methods over estimated useful lives of 7 and 18 years, respectively.
       Goodwill arising from the acquisition of Sacramento Valley Bank was
  fully amortized at December 31, 1992.
       Included in the 1992 consolidated statement of operations is a charge of
  approximately $3,223,000 as a result of the determination, based in part on
  the continued uncertainties in the banking industry and increased regulatory
  scrutiny, that the net unamortized goodwill arising from the Sunwest ac-
  quisition had no further continuing value.

  INCOME TAXES
       The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability
  method.  Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and
  liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
  differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
  assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets
  and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
  taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
  to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and
  liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
  that includes the enactment date.

  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
       For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include
  cash and due from banks, investment securities with an original maturity of
  less than 90 days and Federal funds sold.  Generally, Federal funds are pur-
  chased and sold for one-day periods.  Net cash provided by operating
  activities includes interest paid of $5,463,000, $7,480,000 and $13,050,000
  in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, and income tax refunds, net of pay-
  ments, of $98,000 in 1994, $84,000 in 1993 and $325,000 in 1992.

  NET LOSS PER SHARE
       The employee stock options, the convertible debentures and common stock
  warrants were not included in the net loss per share computations as the
  effects would have been antidilutive.  Primary shares approximate fully
  diluted shares.

  RECLASSIFICATIONS
       Certain amounts in the 1993 and 1992 consolidated financial statements
  have been reclassified to conform to the 1994 presentation.

  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
       In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors

                                       F-10<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  for Impairment of a Loan" ("SFAS 114") and in October 1994 the FASB issued
  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 118, "Accounting by Creditors
  for Impairment of a Loan - Income Recognition and Disclosures" ("SFAS 118"). 
  Under the provisions of SFAS 114, a loan is considered impaired when, based
  on current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be
  unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the
  loan agreement.  SFAS 114 requires creditors to measure impairment of a loan
  based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the
  loan's effective interest rate, except that as a practical expedient, a
  creditor may measure impairment based on a loan's observable market price, or
  the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.  If the
  measure of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the
  loan, a creditor shall recognize an impairment by creating a valuation
  allowance with a corresponding charge to expense.  This statement also
  applies to restructured loans and narrows the definition of in-substance
  foreclosures such that loans probable of foreclosure are accounted for as
  loans as opposed to real estate.  SFAS 118 amends SFAS 114 to allow a
  creditor to use existing methods for recognizing interest income on impaired
  loans.  In addition SFAS 118 amends certain disclosure requirements of SFAS
  114.  SFAS 114 and 118 apply to financial statements for fiscal years
  beginning after December 15, 1994 and initial adoption is required to be
  reflected prospectively.  The adoption of SFAS 114 by the Company did not
  have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.
       In May 1993, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
  No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities"
  ("SFAS 115").  SFAS 115 requires that investments be classified as "held-to-
  maturity", "available-for-sale" or "trading securities."  The statement
  defines investments in securities as "held-to-maturity" based upon a positive
  intent and ability to hold those securities to maturity.  Investments held-
  to-maturity would be reported at amortized cost.  Debt and equity securities
  that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the
  near term are classified as "trading securities" and would be reported at
  fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in operations.  Debt
  and equity securities not classified as "held-to-maturity" or "trading
  securities" are classified as "available-for-sale" and would be recorded at
  fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from operations and
  reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity, net of tax effect. 
  SFAS 115 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. 
  The adoption of SFAS 115 did not have a material effect on the Company's
  financial statements.  The initial adoption of SFAS 115 was accounted for
  prospectively as of January 1, 1994.

  NOTE 2
  RESTRICTED CASH BALANCES

       Noninterest earning cash reserves of $1,132,000 were maintained by
  Sunwest to satisfy Federal regulatory requirements at December 31, 1994.











                                       F-11<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 3
  INVESTMENT SECURITIES

       A summary of investment securities held-to-maturity at December 31, 1994
  follows:

  (in thousands)                             Gross       Gross       Estimated
                                   Amortized Unrealized  Unrealized  Fair
                                   Cost      Gains       Losses      Value
                                   -------------------------------------------
  U.S. Treasury securities and
    obligations of other U.S. 
    Government agencies
    and corporations               $5,868     $   -       $ (160)     $ 5,708
                                   ===========================================

       A summary of investment securities held-to-maturity at December 31, 1993
  follows:

                                             Gross       Gross       Estimated
                                   Amortized Unrealized  Unrealized  Fair
                                   Cost      Gains       Losses      Value
                                   ------------------------------------------
  U.S. Treasury securities and
    obligations of other U.S. 
    Government agencies
    and corporations               $11,051    $  73       $   (9)     $11,115
  Obligations of state and 
    political subdivisions           4,023      229            -        4,252
  Other securities                   1,243        2            -        1,245
                                   ------------------------------------------
                                   $16,317    $ 304       $   (9)     $16,612
                                   ==========================================

       At December 31, 1994, investment securities held-to-maturity with a book
  value of $898,000 were pledged as collateral to secure court ordered and
  public deposits and treasury, tax and loan accounts.  Additionally,
  investment securities held-to-maturity with a book value of $3,484,000 were
  pledged at Sunwest as collateral for a Federal Funds line of credit with a
  correspondent bank.  There were no sales of investment securities held-to-
  maturity during 1994, 1993 or 1992.

















                                       F-12<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

       Maturities of investment securities held-to-maturity are as follows at
  December 31, 1994:

                                       Due After  Due After
                                       One Year   Five Years
                           Due In      Through    Through    Due After
  (in thousands)           One Year    Five Years Ten Years  Ten Years   Total
                           ---------------------------------------------------
  Amortized cost            $   -     $ 5,868     $    -     $    -    $ 5,868
  Estimated fair value          -       5,708          -          -      5,708
                           ===================================================

        At December 31, 1994 available-for-sale securities consisted of
  $1,947,000 of U.S. Treasury securities and $4 million of other securities. 
  The unamortized cost of available-for-sale U.S. Treasury securities were
  adjusted to the estimated fair value through a $3,000 charge to retained
  earnings.  All available-for-sale securities mature within one year and none
  were pledged. There was no gain or loss recognized from sales of available-
  for-sale securities during 1994.
        Refer to NOTE 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
  information on the Company's accounting policy to classify a portion of the
  securities as being available-for-sale.

  NOTE 4
  LOANS AND DIRECT LEASE FINANCING

        A summary of loans and direct lease financing follows:

  (in thousands)                                             1994        1993
                                                       -----------------------
  Commercial                                            $  33,010  $   78,462 
  Real estate:
    Construction                                                -      27,558 
    Mortgage                                               49,236      98,220 
  Installment                                               4,694      16,874 
  Unearned income, discounts and fees                        (371)       (748)
                                                       -----------------------
                                                        $  86,569  $  220,366 
                                                       =======================

        Included in real estate mortgage loans at December 31, 1994 and 1993
  were $1,298,000 and $10,385,000, respectively, of outstanding warehouse lines
  of credit granted to various mortgage companies, representing approximately
  2% and 5%, respectively of outstanding loan balances during each period. 
  Total unfunded amounts committed under warehouse lines of credit at December
  31, 1994 and 1993 were $1,852,000 and $11,173,000, respectively, representing
  approximately 2% and 4%, respectively, of the total amount of commitments to
  extend credit and outstanding loan balances.  Warehouse lines of credit are
  collateralized by the assignment of mortgage notes secured by residential
  properties.
        Loans on which the accrual of interest had been discontinued or reduced
  at December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 amounted to $5,414,000, $10,744,000 and
  $8,796,000, respectively.  If these loans had been current throughout their
  terms, interest income would have increased approximately $354,000, $872,000
  and $989,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
        Restructured loans performing in accordance with their current terms
  totaled $5,850,000 and $5,591,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993.  Under the

                                       F-13<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  original terms of the restructured loans, interest earned would have totaled
  $540,000 and $648,000 for the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993.  Under
  the restructured terms of the loans, interest income recorded amounted to
  $439,000 and $581,000 in 1994 and 1993.  The Company did not incur any
  charge-offs in 1994 and charged off $605,000 in 1993 in connection with
  restructured loans.  Restructured loans totaling $491,000 were on non-accrual
  status at December 31, 1994.  No such loans existed at December 31, 1993.
        The Company serviced loans for others totaling $3,340,000 and
  $36,273,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
        Loans totaling $8,201,000 at December 31, 1994 were pledged as
  collateral with the Federal Reserve Bank to secure purchases of Federal
  funds.  There were no purchases of Federal funds from the Federal Reserve
  Bank during 1994 and 1993.

  NOTE 5
  ALLOWANCE FOR POSSIBLE CREDIT LOSSES

        A summary of activity in the allowance for possible credit losses
  follows:

  (in thousands)                                  1994       1993        1992
                                             ---------------------------------
  Balance at beginning of year                $   5,557  $   6,512  $   6,935 
  Credits charged off                            (4,010)   (10,334)    (8,278)
  Recoveries on credits previously charged off      648        909      2,232 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Net charge-offs                                (3,362)    (9,425)    (6,046)
  Provision for possible credit losses            3,297      8,470      5,623 
  Transfer to net assets held for sale             (843)         -          - 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Balance at end of year                      $   4,649  $   5,557  $   6,512 
                                             =================================

  NOTE 6
  VALUATION ALLOWANCE FOR REAL ESTATE OWNED

       A summary of activity in the valuation allowance for real estate owned
  follows:

  (in thousands)                                  1994       1993       1992
                                             ---------------------------------
  Balance at beginning of year                $   3,206  $   1,927  $     424 
  Losses charged off                             (2,715)    (2,190)      (633)
  Provision for estimated losses                    286      3,469      2,136 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Balance at end of year                      $     777  $   3,206  $   1,927 
                                             =================================











                                       F-14<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 7
  PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

       A summary of premises and equipment follows:

  (in thousands)                                             1994        1993
                                                        ----------------------
  Premises                                               $     571  $     790 
  Furniture, fixtures and equipment                          3,469      4,904 
  Leasehold improvements                                     2,225      3,078 
  Property under capital leases                                  -      3,268 
                                                        ----------------------
                                                             6,265     12,040 
  Accumulated depreciation
    and amortization                                        (3,918)    (6,490)
                                                        ----------------------
                                                         $   2,347  $   5,550 
                                                        ======================

  NOTE 8
  NET ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

       Net assets held for sale primarily represents all assets and liabilities
  of Sacramento First at December 31, 1994 as follows:

  (in thousands)                                                       Amount
                                                                   -----------
  Cash and due from banks                                           $   7,696 
  Interest-bearing deposits with bank                                   1,278 
  Investment securities                                                15,597 
  Federal funds                                                        12,200 
  Loans and direct financing leases, less allowance for
    possible credit losses of $1,185                                   74,133 
  Real estate owned                                                     1,399 
  Premises and equipment                                                1,905 
  Other assets                                                          1,817 
  Deposits                                                           (105,229)
  Other borrowed funds                                                   (729)
  Other liabilities                                                      (986)
  Minority interest                                                      (466)
  Accrued loss on proposed sale of Sacramento First                    (2,788)
  Earnings subsequent to the signing of the sale agreement                (63)
  Adjusted consolidated deferred tax payable as a result of the sale     (413)
                                                                   -----------
                                                                    $   5,351 
                                                                   ===========

  NOTE 9
  OTHER BORROWED FUNDS

        Other borrowed funds at December 31, 1994 and 1993 consisted of
  encumbrances by senior lien holders against real estate owned.  The weighted
  average rate of interest on the notes outstanding at December 31, 1994 and
  1993 were 6.3% and 6.8%, respectively.




                                       F-15<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 10
  10% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES

        The 10% convertible subordinated debentures (the "10% debentures")
  mature December 15, 1996 and have conversion prices ranging from $7.25 per
  share through February 4, 1995 to $7.75 until December 15, 1996.  The 10%
  debentures are redeemable at the option of the Company at the principal
  amount for their remaining term.  Offering costs of $375,000 have been
  deferred and are being amortized to expense over the life of the debentures. 
  Also see "Note 24 - Condensed Financial Information of Parent Company Only."

  NOTE 11
  INCOME TAXES

        The components of income tax expense (benefit) are as follows:

  (in thousands)                                    Federal    State     Total
                                                   ----------------------------
  1994:
    Current                                        $      -  $    13  $    13 
    Deferred                                              -        -        - 
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   $      -  $    13  $    13 
                                                   ============================

  1993:
    Current                                        $      -  $   (15) $   (15)
    Deferred                                              -        -        - 
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   $      -  $   (15) $   (15)
                                                   ============================

  1992:
    Current                                        $      -  $    34  $    34 
    Deferred                                           (458)    (171)    (629)
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   $   (458) $  (137) $  (595)
                                                   ============================

       The actual income tax benefit differed from the expected Federal
  statutory rate as follows:

  (in thousands)                                      1994      1993     1992
                                                   ----------------------------
  Expected tax benefit at 34%                      $ (1,765) $(4,121) $(2,581)
  Change in beginning-of-the-year balance of the
    valuation allowance for deferred tax assets       1,346    5,361    1,185 
  Adjustment to the valuation allowance for
    deferred tax assets from the sale
    of Sacramento First                                 606        -        - 
  Net state franchise tax                              (201)  (1,025)    (414)
  Goodwill amortization                                   -        -    1,201 
  Other                                                  27     (230)      14 
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   $     13  $   (15) $  (595)
                                                   ============================


                                       F-16<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

       The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
  portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December
  31 are as follows:

  (in thousands)                                               1994      1993
                                                             ------------------
  Deferred tax assets
  Net operating loss carryforwards                           $ 5,090  $ 3,607 
  Capital loss from sale of Sacramento First                   1,297        - 
  Loans, due to allowance for possible credit losses,
    deferred loan origination fees and costs, and market
    value adjustment of loans held for sale                      851      995 
  Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards                   508      580 
  Real estate owned                                              353    1,587 
  Loss and expense accruals and other                            335      289 
  General business tax credit carryforwards                      130      130 
                                                             ------------------
  Total gross deferred tax assets                              8,564    7,188 
  Less valuation allowance                                    (8,018)  (6,672)
                                                             ------------------
  Net deferred tax assets                                        546      516 
                                                             ------------------
  Deferred tax liabilities
  Premises and equipment                                         530      491 
  Direct financing leases                                         16       25 
                                                             ------------------
  Total gross deferred tax liabilities                           546      516 
                                                             ------------------

  Net deferred tax asset                                     $     -  $     - 
                                                             ==================

        The net increases in the total valuation allowance for the years ended
  December 31, 1994 and 1993 were $1,346,000 and $5,361,000, respectively.
        A current income tax refund receivable of $114,000 was included in
  other assets at December 31, 1993.
        The Company had net operating loss carryforwards of $13.7 million for
  Federal income tax purposes at December 31, 1994 which expire from 2005 to
  2009 and $3.8 million for state franchise tax purposes which expire from 2008
  to 2009.  The Company had general business tax credit carryforwards of
  $130,000 available for tax purposes at December 31, 1994 which expire from
  1997 to 2000.  The Company had alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards
  of $194,000 available for Federal income tax purposes and $314,000 available
  for state franchise tax purposes at December 31, 1994.














                                       F-17<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 12
  STOCK OPTION PLANS

        During 1984, the Company adopted a Key Employees' Incentive Stock
  Option Plan (the "1983 Plan").  The 1983 Plan expired in 1993.  As a result,
  no new options can be issued under this Plan.
        A summary of stock option transactions for the 1983 Plan follows:

                                                           Number     Price
                                                           of         per
                                                           Shares     Share
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding at December 31, 1991                 20,000  $      4.25
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding at December 31, 1992                 20,000         4.25
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding at December 31, 1993                 20,000         4.25
  Cancelled                                               (20,000)        4.25
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding and exercisable at
    December 31, 1994                                           -  $         -
                                                       =======================

        During 1988, the Company adopted the West Coast Bancorp 1988 Stock
  Option Plan (the "1988 Plan").  The 1988 Plan provides for the grant of both
  options that are incentive options, as well as options that do not qualify as
  incentive options ("non-qualified options"), to purchase 1,250,000 of
  authorized but unissued shares of the Company's common stock.  All employees,
  employee directors and non-employee directors of the Company are eligible to
  receive options.  Non-employee directors of the Company are only eligible to
  receive non-qualified options.  The 1988 Plan is administered by the Board of
  Directors or a committee thereof, and such board or committee determines the
  persons to whom options will be granted, the vesting schedule and the
  purchase price of the common stock subject to each option, provided that such
  purchase price may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the
  common stock at the time the option is granted.  No options may extend more
  than ten years from the date of grant.  Incentive options to persons owning
  more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of
  West Coast or its affiliates shall expire not later than 5 years from the
  date of grant.  The 1988 Plan expires in September 1998.


















                                       F-18<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

        A summary of stock option transactions for the 1988 Plan follows:

                                                           Number     Price
                                                           of         per
                                                           Shares     Share
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding at December 31, 1991                552,000     .88-2.75
  Granted                                                 150,000    1.00-1.06
  Canceled                                                (37,500)   1.13-2.75
                                                       -----------------------

  Options outstanding at December 31, 1992                664,500     .88-2.75
  Canceled                                                (67,500)   1.06-2.75
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding at December 31, 1993                597,000     .88-2.75
  Canceled                                               (182,000)   1.00-2.75
                                                       -----------------------
  Options outstanding at December 31, 1994                415,000     .88-2.75
                                                       =======================
  Options exercisable at December 31, 1994                280,000  $  .88-2.75
                                                       =======================

  NOTE 13
  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          Related party receivables and payables are summarized as follows:

                                               Loans      Notes        10%
  (in thousands)                             Receivable  Payable    Debentures
                                            ----------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1991                   2,568       595        2,174 
  Additions                                      3,242         -            - 
  Collections/payments                          (3,607)      (72)           - 
  Sales by holders                                   -         -         (957)
                                            ----------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1992                   2,203       523        1,217 
  Additions                                        333         -            - 
  Collections/payments                          (1,909)     (117)           - 
                                            ----------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1993                     627       406        1,217 
  Additions                                          -       314            - 
  Purchase by holders                                -         -          600 
  Transfer to assets held for sale                (627)        -            - 
                                            ----------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 1994               $       -  $    720    $   1,817 
                                            ==================================

        Loans receivable represents extensions of credit by Sunwest and
  Sacramento First to certain of their or the Company's directors, officers
  and/or companies in which they have an interest.
        The notes payable are to Mr. Joseph or affiliates of Mr. Joseph and Mr.
  White.  Approximately $436,000 are payable to the Centennial Group, Inc.
  ("CGI") and its subsidiaries.  These include annual principal installments
  with interest due on maturity at June 30, 1996 and bear interest at prime
  plus 2%.  Various other notes payable are due to Mr. Joseph or affiliates of
  Mr. Joseph and are due on demand or in 1996 and bear interest at prime plus
  2% or 10% fixed.  On December 31, 1994, prime was 8.5%.

                                       F-19<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

        The 10% debentures represent West Coast's 10% Convertible Subordinated
  Debentures owned by certain officer/directors.
        In the opinion of management, all transactions with related parties are
  either on terms similar to transactions with nonaffiliated parties or on term
  beneficial to the company as compared with similar transactions with
  nonaffiliated parties.

  NOTE 14
  OTHER OPERATING INCOME

        A summary of other operating income is as follows:

  (in thousands)                                       1994     1993     1992
                                                   ----------------------------
  Depositor charges                                $   1,063 $  1,585 $  1,444
  Net gain on sales of loans                           1,054      825       29
  Service charges, commissions and fees                  335      507      721
  Net gain on sales of premises and equipment            144        -        6
  Nonrecurring income                                      -      100    1,555
  Other income                                            87       93      290
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   $   2,683 $  3,110 $  4,045
                                                   ============================



































                                       F-20<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 15
  OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

          A summary of other operating expenses is as follows:

  (in thousands)                                       1994     1993     1992
                                                   ----------------------------
  Salaries and employee benefits                   $   6,247 $  9,969 $ 11,294
  Occupancy                                            1,546    2,303    2,524
  Depreciation and amortization, including the
    write-off of goodwill of $3,223,000 in 1992          821    1,081    4,699
  Regulatory fees and assessments                        666      936      955
  Professional services                                  633      925      639
  Data processing                                        599      819      891
  Collection                                             597      813      890
  Customer service expense                               353      426      508
  Insurance                                              232      291      333
  Printing and postage                                   179      243      330
  Advertising and promotion                              178      414      392
  Directors fees                                          89      304      319
  Net cost of operation of real estate owned              88    3,493    2,113
  Miscellaneous                                          836    1,866    2,119
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   $  13,064 $ 23,883 $ 28,006
                                                   ============================

  NOTE 16
  LITIGATION SETTLEMENT

       In 1992, Sunwest received $2,765,000 as a final settlement in an action
  brought against Lloyds of London.  Sunwest recorded $1,200,000 of the
  settlement as a recovery of credits previously charged off, $1,555,000 as
  nonrecurring income and $10,000 as a reduction of professional services.

  NOTE 17
  LOSS ON LIQUIDATION OF WCV, INC.

       During November 1992, the Board of Directors of WCV, Inc., formerly
  Heritage Thrift & Loan Association, resolved to liquidate WCV, Inc. by
  selling WCV, Inc.'s loans and other assets and redeeming WCV, Inc.'s thrift
  certificates as the sales of its assets took place.  The liquidation of WCV,
  Inc. was substantially completed in 1993.  The net liability related to WCV,
  Inc. of $492,000 at December 31, 1994 is included in other liabilities. 
  During 1992, the Company recorded a loss on liquidation of WCV, Inc. of
  $1,546,000 which included $1,256,000 in operating losses incurred by WCV,
  Inc. during November and December 1992 and $290,000 in estimated future oper-
  ating losses.  The loss consisted of estimated losses on loans and real
  estate owned and estimated salaries, occupancy and other operating expenses
  associated with the final operations and liquidation of WCV, Inc.  In
  addition to the loss accrual as of December 31, 1992, losses of $550,000 were
  recorded in 1993 and $125,000 in 1994.  These losses relate primarily to
  expenses associated with disposition of loans and real estate owned including
  one contaminated property.  Approximately $660,000 of clean-up costs have
  been incurred for this property through December 31, 1994 with net remaining
  costs estimated at $180,000.
       A claim was filed with the UTS fund for reimbursement of certain direct
  cleanup costs related to the contaminated property.  At December 31, 1994

                                       F-21<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  WCV, Inc. had paid approximately $460,000 of qualifying expenses and expects
  to pay an additional $270,000 of expenses.  The $730,000 of expenses have
  been recorded as a loss on liquidation of WCV, Inc. because of the
  uncertainty of the amount and timing of any refund.  If a refund is received
  from the UTS fund, this will allow WCV, Inc. to reverse the previous
  expenses.
       WCV, Inc.'s net assets (liability) held for sale included in other
  liabilities at December 31 are as follows:

  (in thousands)                                               1994      1993
                                                             ------------------
  Cash and Federal funds sold                                $     -  $     1 
  Other assets                                                     3        7 
  Other liabilities                                             (479)    (540)
  Accrued loss on liquidation of WCV, Inc.                       (16)      (6)
                                                             ------------------
                                                             $  (492) $  (538)
                                                             ==================

  NOTE 18
  DISCLOSURES ABOUT THE FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

        Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107 "Disclosures About
  the Fair Value of Financial Instruments," requires that the Company disclose
  estimated fair values of its financial instruments.  Fair value estimates,
  methods and assumptions are set forth below.

  CASH, INTEREST BEARING BALANCES AND FED FUNDS
        The carrying values approximate fair value because of the short
  maturity of these instruments.

  INVESTMENT SECURITIES
        For investment securities, fair value is based on quoted market prices.

  LOANS AND DIRECT LEASE FINANCING
        For loans and direct lease financing, fair value is estimated using
  quoted market prices for similar loans.  For loans and direct lease financing
  for which no quoted market price is readily available and for all other loans
  and direct lease financing, fair value is estimated by a method that approxi-
  mates discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which
  similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for
  the same maturities.

  DEPOSIT LIABILITIES
        The fair value of demand, savings and money market deposits is the
  amount payable on demand at the reporting date.  The fair value of time
  certificates of deposit is estimated using the rates currently offered for
  deposits of similar remaining maturities.

  OTHER INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES
        Other interest bearing liabilities include notes payable to affiliates,
  other borrowed funds and the 10% convertible subordinated debentures.  The
  fair value of other interest bearing liabilities is estimated using market
  rates for instruments with similar characteristics.




                                       F-22<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992


        The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments at
  December 31, 1994 are as follows:

                                                                      Estimated
                                                             Carrying   Fair
  (in thousands)                                              Amount    Value
                                                             ------------------
  Financial assets
  Cash, interest bearing deposits and Fed Funds              $ 23,665 $ 23,665
  Investment securities                                        11,815   11,655
  Net loans and direct lease financing                         81,979   81,687

  Financial liabilities
  Deposits                                                    119,269  119,107
  Other interest bearing liabilities                            3,926    3,926
                                                             ==================

        The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments at
  December 31, 1993 are as follows:

                                                                      Estimated
                                                             Carrying   Fair
  (in thousands)                                              Amount    Value
                                                             ------------------
  Financial assets
  Cash, interest bearing balances and Fed Funds              $ 60,172 $ 60,172
  Investment securities                                        16,317   16,612
  Net loans and direct lease financing                        217,786  219,364

  Financial liabilities
  Deposits                                                    292,950  293,248
  Other interest bearing liabilities                            3,882    3,882
                                                             ==================

  NOTE 19
  401(k) PROFIT SHARING PLAN

        The Company has a 401(k) profit sharing plan (the "Plan") that covers
  all employees eighteen years of age or older who have completed 500 hours of
  service.  Each employee eligible to participate in the Plan may contribute up
  to 15% of his or her compensation, subject to certain statutory limitations. 
  Once an employee has completed 1,000 hours of service, the Company will match
  50% of the participant's contribution until the participant's contribution
  equals 6% of his or her compensation.  The Company may also make an addi-
  tional profit sharing contribution on behalf of the eligible employees.  The
  Company's contributions of approximately $86,000, $133,000, and $140,000 were
  included in salaries and employee benefits in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respec-
  tively.

  NOTE 20
  COMMITMENTS

  LEASES
        The Company leases certain facilities for corporate offices and branch
  operations and equipment under non-concealable long-term operating leases. 
  Facility lease expense, net of rental income, for the years ended December

                                       F-23<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 was approximately $1,034,000, $1,530,000 and
  $1,460,000, respectively.

        Future minimum lease commitments under all noncancellable leases at
  December 31, 1994 are as follows:

                                                                      Operating
  (in thousands)                                                       Leases
                                                                     ---------
  Year ending December 31:
    1995                                                              $    876
    1996                                                                   929
    1997                                                                   972
    1998                                                                   947
    1999                                                                   582
  Thereafter                                                             1,487
                                                                     ---------
  Total minimum lease payments                                        $  5,793
                                                                     =========
  There were no capital leases at December 31, 1994.

  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK
        In the normal course of business, the Company makes various commitments
  and incurs certain contingent liabilities which are not reflected in the
  accompanying consolidated financial statements.  These commitments and
  contingencies include various guarantees, commitments to extend credit and
  standby and commercial letters of credit.  At December 31, 1994 and 1993, the
  Company had standby and commercial letters of credit of $438,000 and $952,000
  outstanding and commitments to extend credit, including mortgage warehouse
  lines of credit, totaling $13,075,000 and $67,594,000, respectively.
        Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as
  long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. 
  Standby and commercial letters of credit and financial guarantees written are
  conditional commitments issued by the Company to guaranty the performance of
  a customer to a third party.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration
  dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee.  Since
  many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the
  total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
  requirements.  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is
  essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to
  customers.  The Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case
  by case basis.  The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the
  Company upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation
  of the counter-party.  Collateral held varies but may include deposits,
  accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, motor vehicles
  and real estate.

  NOTE 21
  CONTINGENCIES

        The Company is party to various lawsuits which have arisen in the
  course of business.  While it is not possible to predict with certainty the
  outcome of such litigation, it is the opinion of Company management, based in
  part upon opinions of counsel, that the liability, if any, arising from such
  lawsuits would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's
  consolidated financial statements.
        In addition, West Coast has an indemnification clause to B&PB included

                                       F-24<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  in the Sacramento First sale contract that requires West Coast to indemnify
  B&PB for losses in excess of $250,000 arising from breach of certain
  representations and warranties made in the definitive acquisition agreement. 
  Management believes that all losses were adequately accrued at Sacramento
  First at December 31, 1994.

  NOTE 22
  REGULATORY MATTERS

  FDICIA
        The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
  ("FDICIA") was enacted on December 19, 1991.  FDICIA makes several changes to
  the deposit insurance system and expands the authority of the federal
  regulatory agencies to ensure that financial institutions have sound
  management and adequate capital.  FDICIA contains a number of measures
  intended to promote early identification of management problems at depository
  institutions and to ensure that regulators intervene promptly to require
  corrective action by institutions with insufficient capital or inadequate
  operations and managerial standards.

  WEST COAST
        Based upon its examination of West Coast as of September 30, 1993, the
  FRB and West Coast entered into a Written Agreement that is dated April 11,
  1994 (the "Agreement").  The Agreement requires West Coast to, among other
  things, submit plans to improve the condition of the Company and the Banks
  and to service its current debt; identify an outside director who shall
  submit a report that fully documents all management and service fees paid by
  the Banks since January 1, 1992 including a justification of such services
  and explain how they are consistent with all applicable policies of West
  Coast, and refrain from paying dividends, incurring debt, assessing or
  collecting management or service fees from the Banks or engaging in financial
  transactions with its affiliates in any one month in excess of $25,000
  without the prior approval of the FRB.
        Based upon its examination of West Coast as of September 30, 1994, the
  FRB concluded that West Coast was in substantial compliance with the
  Agreement.  
  SUNWEST
        As a result of its examination as of August 23, 1991, the FDIC issued
  an Order to Cease and Desist (the "C&D") against Sunwest, effective April 27,
  1992 (the "Effective Date").  The C&D requires Sunwest to, among other
  things, have and retain qualified management; increase its Tier 1 capital to
  not less than $17,300,000 within 90 days of the Effective Date and not less
  than $18,300,000 on or before December 31, 1992; achieve and thereafter
  maintain a ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of at least 6.5% within 90
  days of the Effective Date; develop and adopt plans to meet the FDIC's mini-
  mum risk-based capital requirements and control overhead and other expenses;
  eliminate from its books certain criticized assets to specified levels;
  refrain from paying cash dividends without the prior written consent of the
  FDIC and the California Superintendent of Banks ("Superintendent") and ref-
  rain from increasing the amount of brokered deposits above the amount
  outstanding on the Effective Date and submit to the FDIC and Superintendent a
  written plan for eliminating Sunwest's reliance on brokered deposits.
        In its most recent examination of Sunwest as of July 26, 1994, the FDIC
  noted that Sunwest was not in full compliance with the provisions of the C&D
  relating to maintaining specified levels of Tier 1 and risk-based capital and
  maintaining an adequate reserve for loan losses.  The FDIC also noted that,
  although Sunwest has attempted to reduce overhead expenses, Sunwest is still

                                       F-25<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  experiencing large operating losses due primarily to its high level of
  classified assets and the weak local economy.
        Since the examination, management of Sunwest has continued its efforts
  to reduce the level of classified assets and to correct the criticism of its
  reserve for loan losses.  In accordance with the prompt corrective action
  provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act, Sunwest submitted to the FDIC a
  capital restoration plan and West Coast submitted to the FDIC a guaranty of
  the capital restoration plan.  The capital restoration plan was accepted by
  the FDIC on March 14, 1995.
        To be considered "adequately capitalized," an institution must
  generally have a leverage ratio of at least 4%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital
  ratio of at least 4%, and a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8%. 
  An institution is deemed to be "critically undercapitalized" if it has a
  tangible equity ratio of 2% or less.
        As a result of an examination conducted by the California State Banking
  Department as of March 16, 1992, the Superintendent issued an Order effective
  November 12, 1992 against Sunwest (the "State Order").  The State Order con-
  tains provisions that are substantially similar to the C&D.  However, it also
  requires Sunwest to formulate, adopt and implement by December 31, 1992 a
  comprehensive business plan for restoring Sunwest to a sound condition and
  develop and implement by December 31, 1992 a month-by-month budget for 1993
  and a profit plan which should include, among other things, a plan to improve
  earnings.
        In addition, Sunwest Bank received three orders during 1994 from the
  California State Banking Department that its contributed capital was impaired
  under the provisions of California Financial Code and that the Bank must
  correct such impairment of its contributed capital within 60 days of the
  respective order.  Pursuant to California law, at December 31, 1994 a paid in
  capital infusion of approximately $4,968,000 (unaudited) was required to
  correct such impairment.  The impairment could also be cured by an increase
  in retained earnings of approximately $2 million (unaudited).  Failure to
  correct the capital impairment could lead to a reduction or possibly
  elimination of West Coast's ownership interest in Sunwest through regulatory
  action.
        On January 20, 1995, Sunwest received $3.4 million from West Coast
  increasing Sunwest's capital to the "well capitalized" levels.  However,
  because Sunwest remains subject to regulatory agreements it may only be
  considered "adequately capitalized."  On March 30, 1995, Sunwest received
  $200,000 (unaudited) from West Coast increasing Sunwest's leverage ratio to
  over 6.5%.  Management believes that West Coast and Sunwest are now in
  compliance with the various regulatory orders and that the capital impairment
  has been cured as of March 31, 1995 (unaudited).
        Although management of Sunwest has already taken certain action and is
  attempting to undertake other actions to address the identified areas of
  noncompliance and otherwise facilitate compliance with the C&D, the State
  Order and the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIC Improvement
  Act, no assurance can be given that they will be able to comply.  In any
  event, compliance will be determined by the regulatory authorities.  If the
  FDIC determines that Sunwest is not in compliance with the C&D, and the
  prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIC Improvement Act, it would
  have various remedies available to it, including the power to assess civil
  monetary penalties, to remove officers and directors and, ultimately, to
  place Sunwest and West Coast in receivership or conservatorship.  If any of
  these events were to occur, West Coast's shareholders could suffer the
  elimination of the value of their investment in the Company.
        At this time, the financial impact, if any, of regulatory actions that
  may result from the failure of Sunwest to maintain the minimum capital

                                       F-26<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  requirements cannot be determined.  The accompanying consolidated financial
  statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
  of this uncertainty.

  NOTE 23
  DIVIDEND AND ADVANCE RESTRICTIONS

        The Federal Reserve Act restricts Sunwest from making loans or advances
  to West Coast in excess of 10% of its capital stock and surplus.  Such loans
  or extensions of credit to West Coast must be secured at the time of trans-
  action by collateral having a market value of 100% to 130%, depending on the
  collateral, of the amount funded.  No loans were permitted from Sunwest at
  December 31, 1994.
        Various laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends which a bank
  can pay without obtaining prior approval from bank regulators.  At Decem-
  ber 31, 1994, Sunwest's capital levels were not high enough to permit a
  dividend payment.  In addition, the C&D and State Order preclude Sunwest from
  paying any cash dividend without prior regulatory approval.

  NOTE 24
  CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY ONLY

        Following are condensed balance sheets for West Coast Bancorp as of
  December 31, 1994 and 1993 and condensed statements of operations and cash
  flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994:

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

  (in thousands)                                             1994       1993
                                                        ----------------------
  Assets
  Cash and short-term investments                        $       8  $      33 
  Investment in:
    Sunwest                                                  5,332      7,033 
    Sacramento First (1)                                     5,351      8,477 
  Other assets                                                 339        846 
                                                        ----------------------
                                                         $  11,030  $  16,389 
                                                        ======================

  Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
  Notes payable                                         $      720  $     498 
  10% Convertible subordinated debentures                    3,035      3,035 
  Other liabilities                                          1,072      1,445 
                                                        ----------------------
  Total liabilities                                          4,827      4,978 
                                                        ----------------------
  Shareholders' equity:
    Common stock                                            30,200     30,200 
    Accumulated deficit                                    (23,997)   (18,789)
                                                        ----------------------
  Total shareholders' equity                                 6,203     11,411 
                                                        ----------------------
                                                        $   11,030  $  16,389 
                                                        ======================

  (1)  1994 balances were reported as "Net Assets Held for Sale" in the

                                       F-27<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

       Consolidated Balance Sheet.

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

  (in thousands)                                  1994       1993       1992
                                             ---------------------------------
  Income
  Income from subsidiaries:
    Management fees                           $       -  $     517  $   1,504 
    Interest                                          1          4        166 
  Other interest income                               -          6          - 
  Other operating income                             97          2          2 
                                             ---------------------------------
                                                     98        529      1,672 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Expenses
  Interest expense                                  392        390        393 
  Salaries and employee benefits                    308        731      1,523 
  Professional services                             155        266        (91)
  Provision for possible credit losses              (88)       (44)         - 
  Other expenses                                      4        422        410 
                                             ---------------------------------
                                                    771      1,765      2,235 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Equity in undistributed net loss
    of subsidiaries                              (1,781)   (11,145)    (6,108)
  Loss on sale of Sacramento First               (2,788)         -          - 
  Dividends from:
    Bank subsidiary                                   -         70        244 
    Non-bank subsidiary                               -         11          - 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Loss before income taxes                       (5,242)   (12,300)    (6,427)
  Income taxes (benefit)                            (37)      (193)       570 
                                             ---------------------------------

  Net loss                                    $  (5,205) $ (12,107) $  (6,997)
                                             =================================





















                                       F-28<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

  (in thousands)                                  1994       1993       1992
                                             ---------------------------------
  Cash flows from operating activities
  Net loss                                    $  (5,205) $ (12,107) $  (6,997)
  Equity in loss of subsidiaries                  1,781     11,064      5,864 
  Loss on sale of Sacramento First                2,788          -          - 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Net cash used in operating activities            (636)    (1,043)    (1,133)
                                             ---------------------------------
  Cash flows from investing activities
  (Increase) decrease in advances
    to subsidiaries                                 (33)       (85)       564 
  Decrease in other assets                          507         39        381 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Net cash provided by (used in) 
    investing activities                            474        (46)       945 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Cash flows from financing activities
  Increases (decreases) in notes payable
    and subordinated debt                           222        (25)       (72)
  (Decrease) increase in other liabilities          (85)       748        (23)
  Stock granted to employee                           -         24          - 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Net cash provided by (used in)
    financing activities                            137        747        (95)
                                             ---------------------------------
  Decrease in cash                                  (25)      (342)      (283)
  Cash at beginning of year                          33        375        658 
                                             ---------------------------------
  Cash at end of year                         $       8  $      33  $     375 
                                             =================================


  (in thousands)                                  1994       1993     1992
                                             ---------------------------------
  Supplemental schedule of non-cash
    financing activities
  Reclassify deferred tax payable to
    net assets held for sale                  $     413  $       -  $       - 
  Transfer of real estate owned from
    discontinued business                             -        336          - 
  Purchase of subsidiary common stock with
    proceeds from redemption of capital
    notes in 1992                                     -          -      2,000 
                                             =================================
  Supplemental disclosure of cash
    flow information
  Cash paid during the year for interest      $     392  $     390  $     393 
                                             =================================

       West Coast's liquidity is limited.  West Coast has relied on sales of
  assets, borrowings from officers/directors, and management service fees and
  dividends from its subsidiaries as sources of liquidity.  Dividends from
  subsidiaries ordinarily provide a source of liquidity to a bank holding
  company.  Sunwest is prohibited from paying cash dividends by the Order to

                                       F-29<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  Cease and Desist ("the C&D") issued by the FDIC and an Order issued by the
  California Superintendent of Banks (the "state order") without their prior
  consent.
       During 1994, West Coast did not receive any management fees or dividends
  from its subsidiaries.  West Coast does not expect to receive management fees
  or dividends from its subsidiaries during 1995.
       West Coast received $3.5 million of cash, net of selling expenses, from
  the sale of Sacramento First.  West Coast immediately transferred $3.4
  million into Sunwest as a repayment of previously paid management fees. 
  Sales of other property are forecasted to provide $233,000 during 1995.  WCV,
  Inc. may be eligible for reimbursement of certain costs incurred to remediate
  property.  Such amounts, if any, are unable to be determined at this time. 
  At December 31, 1994, West Coast had cash totaling $8,000.
       West Coast anticipates cash expenditures during 1995 to consist of debt
  service payments, advances to WCV, Inc. and other operating expenses.  West
  Coast's projected debt service for 1995 includes quarterly interest payments
  on the 10% subordinated debentures of $76,000 each and an annual principal
  payment on the notes payable to affiliates of $113,000.  A portion of the
  notes payable to affiliates are currently secured by, and scheduled to be
  repaid by sales proceeds totaling $233,000 from the other property sales
  mentioned above.  Advances to WCV, Inc. are forecasted at $173,000 during
  1995 primarily for restoration of the real estate owned.  West Coast
  anticipates that other operating expenses, will be approximately $451,000
  during 1995, of which $221,000 relates to salaries and directors' fees that
  are currently being deferred.
       A cash shortfall is anticipated unless additional cash can be raised.  A
  former officer of the Company has a judgment against West Coast in the amount
  of $311,000 and is actively pursuing collection of the judgment.  In
  addition, West Coast agreed in connection with the sale of Sacramento First
  to indemnify B&PB for losses in excess of $250,000 arising from breach of
  certain representations and warranties made in the definitive acquisition
  agreement. Management believes that all losses were adequately accrued at
  Sacramento First at December 31, 1994.  West Coast may elect to raise
  additional cash by limiting repayments of the affiliate debt or interest
  payments on the subordinated debt, and/or incurring additional debt.  West
  Coast may not incur debt without the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
  On March 23, 1995, West Coast sold 50,000 shares of B&PB stock.  Of the total
  proceeds of $387,500, $200,000 was infused in Sunwest as capital to achieve
  compliance with the various regulatory orders.  West Coast has requested
  permission from the FDIC to receive the remaining cash.  The cash is
  currently held at Sunwest as collateral for West Coast's guaranty of
  Sunwest's capital plan.  West Coast is considering selling additional shares
  of B&PB stock, however pursuant to agreement with B&PB, West Coast can sell
  no additional shares of B&PB during 1995 without B&PB's consent.  Even if
  B&PB was to consent to the sale of some additional shares, proceeds of such
  sale would become security for West Coast's guaranty of Sunwest's capital
  plan as all shares of B&PB stock and proceeds thereof are pledged to Sunwest
  to secure such obligation.  No assurances can be given that the FDIC would
  permit Sunwest to release the collateral to West Coast.
       In the event West Coast is unable to raise funds to increase its
  liquidity, West Coast may not be able to meet its current obligations and may
  be forced into bankruptcy.  If this event were to occur, West Coast
  shareholders could suffer the elimination of the value of their investments
  in the Company.




                                       F-30<PAGE>

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS West Coast Bancorp and Subsidiaries
  December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

  NOTE 25
  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

       Summarized quarterly financial data follows for the three months ended
  (in thousands, except per share data):


                          March 31      June 30      September 30  December 31
  1994                   -----------------------------------------------------
  Total interest income   $ 5,254       $ 5,271       $ 2,913       $ 2,696 
  Total interest expense    1,553         1,400           892           890 
  Net interest income       3,701         3,871         2,021         1,806 
  Provision for possible
    credit losses           1,272           872           895           258 
  Loss before income taxes (1,384)       (2,025)         (630)       (1,153)
  Net loss                 (1,384)       (2,038)         (630)       (1,153)
  Net loss per common share  (.15)         (.22)         (.07)         (.13)
                         =====================================================

  1993
  Total interest income   $ 6,824       $ 6,381       $ 6,014       $ 5,859 
  Total interest expense    2,061         1,922         1,807         1,617 
  Net interest income       4,763         4,459         4,207         4,242 
  Provision for possible
    credit losses             798         4,249         1,487         1,936 
  Loss before income taxes (1,440)       (5,119)       (2,459)       (3,104)
  Net loss                 (1,440)       (5,126)       (2,459)       (3,082)
  Net loss per common share  (.16)         (.56)         (.27)         (.34)
                         =====================================================

  During the second quarter of 1994, West Coast recorded a $1.8 million loss on
  the sale of Sacramento First.  An additional charge of $988,000 was added
  during the fourth quarter of 1994 primarily to reflect a lower valuation
  basis for the B&PB stock to be received upon closing the transaction.
























                                       F-31<PAGE>
  

  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

  To The Board of Directors and Shareholders
  West Coast Bancorp:

  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of West Coast
  Bancorp and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 1994 and 1993,
  and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
  shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
  period ended December 31, 1994.  These consolidated financial statements are
  the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
  express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
  audits.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
  standards.  These standards require that we plan and perform our audit to
  obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
  statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining,
  on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
  financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
  principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
  evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
  audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
  present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of West
  Coast Bancorp and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
  results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the
  three-year period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
  accepted accounting principles.

  As discussed in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, the prompt
  corrective action ("PCA") provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance
  Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") place restrictions on any
  insured depository institution that does not meet certain requirements,
  including minimum capital ratios.  These restrictions are based on an
  institution's FDICIA defined capital category and become increasingly more
  severe as an institution's capital category declines.  Further, Sunwest Bank
  (the "Bank"), a wholly owned subsidiary of West Coast Bancorp, is under a
  Cease and Desist Order (the "Order") entered into in April 1992, which
  requires, among other things, the Bank to maintain a ratio of Tier 1 capital
  to total assets of at least 6.5%.  The Bank has filed a capital plan with the
  FDIC outlining its plans for attaining the required levels of regulatory
  capital and that plan was accepted by the FDIC on March 14, 1995.  In
  accordance with the capital plan, West Coast Bancorp made capital
  contributions of $3.4 million and $200,000 on January 20, 1995 and March 30,
  1995, respectively.  As a result of the $200,000 capital contribution, the
  Bank believes that it is in compliance with the Order as of March 31, 1995. 
  However, to fully comply with the PCA provisions of FDICIA, the Bank must
  maintain capital compliance for four consecutive quarters.  Because the Bank
  did not meet the minimum capital thresholds, as of the date of the FDIC's
  most recent examination or as of December 31, 1994, to be considered
  "adequately capitalized," under FDICIA or the requirements of the Order, and
  due to the requirement to maintain capital compliance for four consecutive
  quarters, the Bank is subject to certain operating restrictions such as
  growth limitations, prohibitions on dividend payments, and increased
  supervisory monitoring by the FDIC.  Failure to maintain its capital ratios
  in accordance with the capital plan and the Order or further declines in its
  capital ratios exposes the Bank to further restrictions and regulatory

                                       F-32<PAGE>
  

  actions.  At this time, the financial impact, if any, of regulatory actions
  that may result from the failure of the Bank to maintain the minimum capital
  requirements cannot be determined.  Accordingly, the accompanying
  consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
  result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
  assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in
  notes 1 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements, due to certain
  regulatory restrictions on the Bank's payment of dividends and management
  fees to the Parent, the Parent anticipates a cash shortfall in 1995 unless
  additional cash can be raised.  In the event that the Parent is unable to
  raise funds to increase its liquidity, the Parent may not be able to meet its
  current obligations and may be forced into bankruptcy.  These matters raise
  substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
  Management's plans in regard to these matters are described in note 24.  The
  consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
  result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

  As discussed in notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on
  January 1, 1994 the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial
  Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
  115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities."




  /s/ KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
  ----------------------------------
  Orange County, California
  March 1, 1995, except as to notes 22 and 24
  to the consolidated financial statements,
  which are as of March 31, 1995



























                                       F-33<PAGE>
  

  RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING

       The consolidated financial statements included in this report are the
  responsibility of management.  These statements have been prepared in
  conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and include amounts
  based on our best estimates and judgments.  Financial information appearing
  elsewhere in this report is consistent with that in the consolidated
  financial statements.  To meet management's responsibility for financial
  reporting, internal accounting control systems and procedures are designed to
  provide reasonable assurance at a reasonable cost as to the reliability of
  financial records.  In addition, the Company maintains a program for commu-
  nicating corporate policy throughout the organization.  As a further safe-
  guard, an internal audit staff monitors compliance with these policies and
  internal accounting control systems and procedures.
       West Coast Bancorp's consolidated financial statements have been audited
  by KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.  In accordance with generally accepted auditing
  standards, the independent auditors obtained a sufficient understanding of
  the Company's internal control structure to plan their audit and determine
  the nature, timing and extent of tests to be performed.  The Audit Committee
  of the Board of Directors meets with the independent auditors and
  representatives of management, including West Coast Bancorp's internal
  auditors - both jointly and separately - to discuss financial reporting
  matters and audit and control functions.






  /s/ Frank E. Smith                       /s/ John B. Joseph
  -------------------------------          --------------------------------
  Frank E. Smith                           John B. Joseph
  Senior Vice President and                Chairman of the Board and
  Chief Financial Officer                  President
  March 1, 1995                            March 1, 1995

























                                       F-34<PAGE>
  

                                     EXHIBITS


           Number                     Description                     Page No.

            3.1          Amended Articles of Incorporation              *
                         of West Coast, filed as Exhibit
                         3.1(c)
                         
            3.2          Amended Bylaws of West Coast, filed            *
                         as Exhibit 3.2(d)

            4.1          Form of 10% Convertible                        *
                         Subordinated Debenture Indenture,
                         including Form of 10% Convertible
                         Subordinated Debenture Due 1996,
                         filed as Exhibit 4.4(a)

            4.2          Amendment No. 1 to Indenture dated             *
                         as of October 26, 1989 by and
                         between West Coast and First
                         Interstate Bank of California,
                         filed as Exhibit 4.5(c)

           10.1          Form of Indemnification Agreement              *
                         entered into and between West Coast
                         and its directors and certain of
                         its officers, filed as Exhibit
                         10.13(a)

           10.2          Form of West Coast 1988 Stock                  *
                         Option Plan, filed as Exhibit
                         10.14(b)

           10.3          Promissory Note of West Coast dated            *
                         as of June 30, 1991 and payable to
                         The Centennial Group, Inc. filed as
                         Exhibit 10.4(d)

           10.4          Promissory Note of West Coast dated            *
                         as of June 30, 1991 and payable to
                         Centennial Capital, Inc. filed as
                         Exhibit 10.5(d)

           10.5          West Coast Bancorp 401(k) Profit               *
                         Sharing Plan Document, Trust and
                         Summary Plan Description(e)

           10.6          Employment Agreement by and between            *
                         Sacramento First and John McGrath
                         dated as of November 18, 1993,
                         filed as exhibit 10.2 (f)








                                       F-35<PAGE>
  

           Number                     Description                     Page No.


           10.7          West Coast's guaranty of Sunwest's          *
                         1993 capital restoration plan (f)

          10.8           Agreement between West Coast and            *
                         B&PB to sell Sacramento First to
                         B&PB dated June 30, 1994 (h)

          10.9           Promissory note of West Coast dated         F-38
                         as of March 31, 1994 and payable to
                         Bedford Pension Limited Partnership

          10.10          Promissory note of West Coast dated         F-41
                         as of May 4, 1994 and payable to
                         Pacific Advisors Inc. Pension Plan
                         Trust

          10.11          West Coast's commitment and                 F-44
                         guaranty of Sunwest's 1994 capital
                         restoration plan

          10.12          West Coast's security agreement             F-45
                         pledging B&PB stock to Sunwest Bank

          21             Subsidiaries of West Coast, filed              *
                         as Exhibit 22(e)   

          23             Consent of Independent Auditors             F-49

          27             Financial Data Schedule                     F-50





                         






















                                       F-36<PAGE>
  

              (a)        to West Coast's Registration
                         Statement on Form S-1 (Registration
                         No. 33-24069) filed with the
                         Commission on August 31, 1988, and
                         which is incorporated herein by
                         reference

              (b)        to Amendment No. 1 to West Coast's
                         Registration Statement on Form S-1
                         (Registration No. 33-24069) filed
                         with the Commission on October 21,
                         1988, and which is incorporated
                         herein by reference

              (c)        to West Coast's Annual Report on
                         Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                         December 31, 1989 filed with the
                         Commission, and which is
                         incorporated herein by reference

          (d)            to West Coast's Annual Report on
                         form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                         December 31, 1991 filed with the
                         Commission, and which is
                         incorporated herein by reference

              (e)        to West Coast's Annual Report on
                         Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                         December 31, 1992 filed with the
                         Commission, and which is
                         incorporated herein by reference

          (f)            to West Coast's Annual Report on
                         Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                         December 31, 1993 filed with the
                         Commission, and which is
                         incorporated herein by reference

          (g)            to West Coast's Quarter Report or
                         Form 10-Q for the six months ended
                         June 30, 1994 filed with the
                         commission, and which is
                         incorporated herein by reference


  * Not Applicable














                                       F-37<PAGE>
  

  Exhibit 10.9

                                  PROMISSORY NOTE

  Principal       Loan Date      Maturity
  $25,000.00      05/04/1994     03/31/1996

  References in the shaded area are for Lender's use only and do not limit the
  applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.

  Borrower:  West Coast Bancorp, a California
             Corporation (TIN: 95-3586860)
             4770 Campus Drive, Suite 100
             Newport Beach, CA  92660

  Lender:    Pacific Advisors, Inc. Pension Plan Trust
             4770 Campus Drive, Suite 250
             Newport Beach, CA  92660

  Principal Amount: $25,000.00
  Initial Rate: 8.750%
  Date of Note: May 4, 1994

  PROMISE TO PAY.  WEST COAST BANCORP, A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION ("Borrower")
  promises to pay to PACIFIC ADVISORS, INC. PENSION PLAN TRUST ("Lender"), or
  order, In lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount
  of Twenty Five Thousand & 00/100 Dollars ($25,000.00), together with interest
  on the unpaid principal balance from May 4, 1994, until paid in full.

  PAYMENT.  Borrower will pay this loan on demand, or if no demand is made, in
  one principal payment of $25,000.00 plus interest on March 31, 1996.  This
  payment due March 31, 1996, will be for all principal and accrued interest
  not yet paid.  Interest on this Note is computed on a 365/360 simple interest
  basis; that is, by applying the ratio of the annual interest rate over a year
  of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance, multiplied by
  the actual number of days the principal balance is outstanding.  Borrower
  will pay Lender at Lender's address shown above or at such other place as
  Lender may designate in writing.  Unless otherwise agreed or required by
  applicable law, payments will be applied first to accrued unpaid interest,
  then to principal, and any remaining amount to any unpaid collection costs
  and late charges.

  VARIABLE INTEREST RATE.  The interest rate on this Note is subject to change
  from time to time based on changes in an independent index which is the BANK
  OF AMERICA PRIME RATE (the "Index").  The Index is not necessarily the lowest
  rate charged by Lender on its loans.  If the Index becomes unavailable during
  the term of this loan, Lender may designate a substitute index after notice
  to Borrower.  Lender will tell Borrower the current Index rate upon
  Borrower's request.  Borrower understands that Lender may make loans based on
  other rates as well.  The interest rate change will not occur more often than
  each DAY.  The Index currently is 6.750% per annum.  The interest rate to be
  applied to the unpaid principal balance of this Note will be at a rate of
  2.000 percentage points over the Index, resulting in an initial rate of
  8.750% per annum.  NOTICE:  Under no circumstances will the interest rate on
  this Note be more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law.

  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower may pay without penalty all or a portion of the amount
  owed earlier than it is due.  Early payments will not, unless agreed to by
  Lender in writing, relieve Borrower or Borrower's obligation to continue to

                                       F-38<PAGE>
  

  make payments under the payment schedule.  Rather, they will reduce the
  principal balance due.

  LATE CHARGE.  If a payment is 10 days or more late, Borrower will be charged
  6.000% of the unpaid portion of the regularly scheduled payment.

  DEFAULT.  Borrower will be in default if any of the following happens:  (a)
  Borrower fails to make any payment when due.  (b) Borrower breaks any promise
  Borrower has made to Lender, or Borrower fails to perform promptly at the
  time and strictly in the manner provided in this Note or any agreement
  related to this Note, or in any other agreement or loan Borrower has with
  Lender.  (c) Any representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by
  Borrower or on Borrower's behalf is false or misleading in any material
  respect.  (d) Borrower becomes insolvent, a receiver is appointed for any
  part of Borrower's property, Borrower makes an assignment for the benefit of
  creditors, or any proceeding is commenced either by Borrower or against
  Borrower under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws.  (e) Any creditor tries to
  take any of Borrower's property on or in which Lender has a lien or security
  interest.  This includes a garnishment of any of Borrower's accounts with
  Lender.  (f) Any of the events described in this default section occurs with
  respect to any guarantor of this Note.  (g) Lender in good faith deems itself
  insecure.

  LENDER'S RIGHTS.  Upon default, Lender may declare the entire unpaid
  principal balance on this Note and all accrued unpaid interest immediately
  due, without notice, and then Borrower will pay that amount.  Upon Borrower's
  failure to pay all amounts declared due pursuant to this section, including
  failure to pay upon final maturity, Lender, at its option, may also, if
  permitted under applicable law, do one or both of the following:  (a)
  increase the variable interest rate on this Note to 7.000 percentage points
  over the Index, and (b) add any unpaid accrued interest to principal and such
  sum will bear interest therefrom until paid at the rate provided in this Note
  (including any increased rate).  Lender may hire or pay someone else to help
  collect this Note if Borrower does not pay.  Borrower also will pay Lender
  that amount.  This includes, subject to any limits under applicable law,
  Lender's attorneys' fees and Lender's legal expenses whether or not there is
  a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and legal expenses for bankruptcy
  proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or
  injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection services. 
  Borrower also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums
  provided by law.  This Note has been delivered to Lender and accepted by
  Lender in the State of California.  If there is a lawsuit, Borrower agrees
  upon Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of ORANGE
  County, the State of California.  (Initial Here _______) Lender and Borrower
  hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or
  counterclaim brought by either Lender or Borrower against the other.  This
  Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
  State of California.

  DISHONORED ITEM FEE.  Borrower will pay a fee to Lender of $15.00 if Borrower
  makes a payment on Borrower's loan and the check or preauthorized charge with
  which Borrower pays is later dishonored.

  COLLATERAL.  This Note is secured by DEED OF TRUST DATED MARCH 31, 1994 ON
  PROPERTY LOCATED AT 457 ANDRIA DRIVE, STATELINE, NV 89449.

  PAST MATURITY CHARGE.  An additional 6% will be assessed on the outstanding
  matured balance more than 10 days past due.


                                       F-39<PAGE>
  

  GENERAL PROVISIONS.  This Note is payable on demand.  The inclusion of
  specific default provisions or rights of Lender shall not preclude Lender's
  right to declare payment of this Note on its demand.  Lender may delay or
  forgo enforcing any of its rights or remedies under this Note without losing
  them.  Borrower and any other person who signs, guarantees or endorses this
  Note, to the extent allowed by law, waive any applicable statute of
  limitations, presentment, demand for payment, protest and notice of dishonor. 
  Upon any change in the terms of this Note, and unless otherwise expressly
  stated in writing, no party who signs this Note, whether as maker, guarantor,
  accommodation maker or endorser, shall be released from liability.  All such
  parties agree that Lender may renew or extend (repeatedly and for any length
  of time) this loan, or release any party or guarantor or collateral; or
  impair, fail to realize upon or perfect Lender's security interest in the
  collateral; and take any other action deemed necessary by Lender without the
  consent of or notice to anyone.  All such parties also agree that Lender may
  modify this loan without the consent of or notice to anyone other than the
  party with whom the modification is made.

  PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS NOTE, BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS
  OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING THE VARIABLE INTEREST RATE PROVISIONS.  BORROWER
  AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE NOTE AND ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF A COMPLETED COPY
  OF THE NOTE.

  BORROWER:

  WEST COAST BANCORP, A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION


  By:   /s/ Frank E. Smith
        -----------------------------
        FRANK E. SMITH, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER


  LENDER:

  PACIFIC ADVISORS, INC. PENSION PLAN TRUST

  By:   /s/ John B. Jospeh
        -----------------------------
        Authorized Officer




















                                       F-40<PAGE>
  

  Exhibit 10.10

                                  PROMISSORY NOTE

  Principal       Loan Date      Maturity
  $75,000.00      03/31/1994     03/31/1996

  References in the shaded area are for Lender's use only and do not limit the
  applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.

  Borrower:  West Coast Bancorp, a California Corporation (TIN: 95-3586860)
             4770 Campus Drive, Suite 100
             Newport Beach, CA  92660

  Lender:    Bedford Pension Limited Partnership
             4770 Campus Drive, Suite 250
             Newport Beach, CA  92660

  Principal Amount: $75,000.00
  Initial Rate: 8.250%
  Date of Note: March 31, 1994

  PROMISE TO PAY.  WEST COAST BANCORP, A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION ("Borrower")
  promises to pay to BEDFORD PENSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ("Lender"), or order,
  in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount of
  Seventy Five Thousand & 00/100 Dollars ($75,000.00), together with interest
  on the unpaid principal balance from March 31, 1994, until paid in full.

  PAYMENT.  Borrower will pay this loan on demand, or if no demand is made, in
  one principal payment of $75,000.00 plus interest on March 31, 1996.  This
  payment due March 31, 1996, will be for all principal and accrued interest
  not yet paid.  Interest on this Note is computed on a 365/360 simple interest
  basis; that is, by applying the ratio of the annual interest rate over a year
  of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance, multiplied by
  the actual number of days the principal balance is outstanding.  Borrower
  will pay Lender at Lender's address shown above or at such other place as
  Lender may designate in writing.  Unless otherwise agreed or required by
  applicable law, payments will be applied first to accrued unpaid interest,
  then to principal, and any remaining amount to any unpaid collection costs
  and late charges.

  VARIABLE INTEREST RATE.  The interest rate on this Note is subject to change
  from time to time based on changes in an independent index which is the BANK
  OF AMERICA PRIME RATE (the "Index").  The Index is not necessarily the lowest
  rate charged by Lender on its loans.  If the Index becomes unavailable during
  the term of this loan, Lender may designate a substitute index after notice
  to Borrower.  Lender will tell Borrower the current Index rate upon
  Borrower's request.  Borrower understands that Lender may make loans based on
  other rates as well.  The interest rate change will not occur more often than
  each DAY.  The Index currently is 6.250% per annum.  The interest rate to be
  applied to the unpaid principal balance of this Note will be at a rate of
  2.000 percentage points over the Index, resulting in an initial rate of
  8.250% per annum.  NOTICE:  Under no circumstances will the interest rate on
  this Note be more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law.

  PREPAYMENT.  Borrower may pay without penalty all or a portion of the amount
  owed earlier than it is due.  Early payments will not, unless agreed to by
  Lender in writing, relieve Borrower of Borrower's obligation to continue to
  make payments under the payment schedule.  Rather, they will reduce the

                                       F-41<PAGE>
  

  principal balance due.

  LATE CHARGE.  If a payment is 10 days or more late, Borrower will be charged
  6.000% of the unpaid portion of the regularly scheduled payment.

  DEFAULT.  Borrower will be in default if any of the following happens:  (a)
  Borrower fails to make any payment when due.  (b) Borrower breaks any promise
  Borrower has made to Lender, or Borrower fails to perform promptly at the
  time and strictly in the manner provided in this Note or any agreement
  related to this Note, or in any other agreement or loan Borrower has with
  Lender.  (c) Borrower defaults under any loan, extension of credit,security
  agreement, purchase or sales agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of
  any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrower's
  property or Borrower's ability to repay this Note or perform Borrower's
  obligations under this Note or any of the Related Documents.  (d) Any
  representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on
  Borrower's behalf is false or misleading in any material respect.  (e)
  Borrower becomes insolvent, a receiver is appointed for any part of
  Borrower's property, Borrower makes an assignment for the benefit of
  creditors, or any proceeding is commenced either by Borrower or against
  Borrower under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws.  (f) Any creditor tries to
  take any of Borrower's property on or in which Lender has a lien or security
  interest.  This includes a garnishment of any of Borrower's accounts with
  Lender.  (g) Any of the events described in this default section occurs with
  respect to any guarantor of this Note.

  LENDER'S RIGHTS.  Upon default, Lender may declare the entire unpaid
  principal balance on this Note and all accrued unpaid interest immediately
  due, without notice, and then Borrower will pay that amount.  Upon Borrower's
  failure to pay all amounts declared due pursuant to this section, including
  failure to pay upon final maturity, Lender, at its option, may also, if
  permitted under applicable law, do one or both of the following:  (a)
  increase the variable interest rate on this Note to 7.000 percentage points
  over the Index, and (b) add any unpaid accrued interest to principal and such
  sum will bear interest therefrom until paid at the rate provided in this Note
  (including any increased rate).  Lender may hire or pay someone else to help
  collect this Note if Borrower does not pay.  Borrower also will pay Lender
  that amount.  This includes, subject to any limits under applicable law,
  Lender's attorneys' fees and Lender's legal expenses whether or not there is
  a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and legal expenses for bankruptcy
  proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or
  injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection services. 
  Borrower also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums
  provided by law.  This Note has been delivered to Lender and accepted by
  Lender in the State of California.  If there is a lawsuit, Borrower agrees
  upon Lender's request to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of ORANGE
  County, the State of California.  (Initial Here /s/ FES) Lender and Borrower
  hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or
  counterclaim brought by either Lender or Borrower against the other.  This
  Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
  State of California.

  DISHONORED ITEM FEE.  Borrower will pay a fee to Lender of $15.00 if Borrower
  makes a payment on Borrower's loan and the check or preauthorized charge with
  which Borrower pays is later dishonored.

  COLLATERAL.  This Note is secured by DEED OF TRUST DATED MARCH 31, 1994 ON
  PROPERTY LOCATED AT 457 ANDRIA DRIVE, STATELINE, NV 89449.


                                       F-42<PAGE>
  

  GENERAL PROVISIONS.  This Note is payable on demand.  The inclusion of
  specific default provisions or rights of Lender shall not preclude Lender's
  right to declare payment of this Note on its demand.  Lender may delay or
  forgo enforcing any of its rights or remedies under this Note without losing
  them.  Borrower and any other person who signs, guarantees or endorses this
  Note, to the extent allowed by law, waive any applicable statute of
  limitations, presentment, demand for payment, protest and notice of dishonor. 
  Upon any change in the terms of this Note, and unless otherwise expressly
  stated in writing, no party who signs this Note, whether as maker, guarantor,
  accommodation maker or endorser, shall be released from liability.  All such
  parties agree that Lender may renew or extend (repeatedly and for any length
  of time) this loan, or release any party or guarantor or collateral; or
  impair, fail to realize upon or perfect Lender's security interest in the
  collateral; and take any other action deemed necessary by Lender without the
  consent of or notice to anyone.  All such parties also agree that Lender may
  modify this loan without the consent of or notice to anyone other than the
  party with whom the modification is made.

  PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS NOTE, BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS
  OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING THE VARIABLE INTEREST RATE PROVISIONS.  BORROWER
  AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE NOTE AND ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF A COMPLETED COPY
  OF THE NOTE.

  BORROWER:

  WEST COAST BANCORP, A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION


  By:   /s/ Frank E. Smith
        -----------------------------
        FRANK E. SMITH, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER


  LENDER:

  BEDFORD PENSION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

  By:   /s/ John B. Joseph
        -----------------------------
        Authorized Officer




















                                       F-43<PAGE>
  

  Exhibit 10.11
                              COMMITMENT AND GUARANTY


        On or about October 28, 1994, Sunwest Bank, Tustin, California ("Bank"),
  submitted to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") a revised
  capital restoration plan dated October 28, 1994, which plan shall be amended
  by the Bank to address certain additional concerns of the FDIC.  The terms of
  the plan and the required amendments to be approved by the FDIC are
  hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Plan."  The terms of the Plan
  are incorporated herein by reference and set forth the Bank's proposal, as
  required under Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("Act"), 12
  U.S.C. Section 1831o ("Section 38"), for becoming adequately capitalized (as
  such term is defined in Section 38 of the Act and Subpart B of Section 325 of
  FDIC Rules and Regulations, 12 C.F.R. Section 325 ["Section 325"]).

        As a condition to the approval by the FDIC of the Plan, and as required
  by Section 38(e)(2)(c) of the Act, the undersigned, West Coast Bancorp,
  Newport Beach, California ("West Coast"), a company which controls the Bank,
  hereby guarantees and provides assurance by this Commitment and Guaranty
  ("Commitment"), that the Bank will comply with the Plan until such time as
  the Bank has been adequately capitalized on average during each four
  consecutive quarters commencing after the date hereof.  In the event the Bank
  fails to so comply, West Coast hereby agrees that it will pay to the Bank or
  its successors or assigns, according to the terms approved by the FDIC, an
  amount equal to the lesser of 5 percent of the Bank's total assets at
  September 30, 1993, the date that Bank was deemed to have notice that the
  Bank was undercapitalized (as such term is defined in Section 38 of the act
  and Subpart B of Section 325), or the amount which is necessary to bring the
  Bank into compliance with all capital standards applicable to the Bank at the
  time the Bank failed to so comply.  A copy of a duly certified resolution by
  the Board of Directors of West Coast with respect to this Commitment is
  attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

        In consideration, West Coast provides value to the Bank and the Deposit
  Insurance Fund (as such term is defined in Section 3 of the Act) by
  committing, in support of the Bank's Plan, the financial strength and
  resources of West Coast, its successors and assigns, the adequacy and
  sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the FDIC.  In consideration of
  this Commitment, the FDIC agrees to (1) accept the Bank's Plan, (2) forego
  the right to treat the Bank as if it were significantly undercapitalized (as
  such term is defined in Section 38 of the Act and Subpart B of Section 325)
  as provided in Section 38(f) of the Act by its failure to submit and
  implement an acceptable capital restoration plan and (3) forego any other
  such action against the Bank as would be necessary under Section 38 of the
  Act absent this Commitment, thereby enhancing the financial strength of West
  Coast and the value to its shareholders by enhancing the financial strength
  of its asset, the subsidiary Bank.

        The parties specifically agree that this Commitment establishes a
  binding and enforceable contractual commitment of West Coast for the benefit
  of the Bank and the FDIC as insurer and administrator of the Deposit
  Insurance Fund (as such term is defined in Section 3 of the Act), and upon
  West Coast's failure to perform any of the obligations contained herein, the
  FDIC, after notice to West Coast, may commence legal action to enforce this
  Commitment either in its corporate capacity as insurer, or in its
  receivership capacity in the event of the failure of the Bank, an intended
  beneficiary of this Commitment.


                                       F-44<PAGE>
  

        It is further specifically agreed that this Commitment shall survive the
  failure of the Bank, and shall continue as a binding contractual commitment
  of West Coast, its successors and assigns.

        West Coast waives any right to notice of and information from the FDIC
  concerning the Bank's performance under the Plan prior to the Bank's failure
  to comply.

        This Commitment and the accompanying Security Agreement and the rights
  and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and shall be construed in
  accordance with the Federal law of the United States, and, in the absence of
  controlling Federal law, in accordance with the laws of the State of
  California.

        Nothing contained herein shall preclude the FDIC from taking any other
  appropriate enforcement action against the Bank, including appropriate action
  under Section 38 of the Act not related to the absence of this Commitment,
  and no enforcement action brought against the Bank by the FDIC shall excuse
  West Coast from the obligations contained herein.

        This Commitment and the accompanying Security Agreement reflect the
  complete and full agreement entered among the parties and may not be
  modified, released, renewed for extended in any manner except by a writing
  signed by all parties.

            Executed and delivered as of the 2nd day of December, 1994.

  WEST COAST BANCORP             SUNWEST BANK

  By:   /s/ John B. Joseph       By:  /s/ James G. LeSieur, III
        --------------------          --------------------
        John B. Joseph                James G. LeSieur, III
        Chairman of the Board         President and
                                      Chief Executive Officer

  FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION


  By:   /s/ George J. Masa
        ------------------------------




















                                       F-45<PAGE>
  

  Exhibit 10.12

                                Security Agreement

        West Coast Bancorp, ("the Guarantor"), this 2nd day of December, 1994,
  hereby grants unto Sunwest Bank a security interest in the property described
  below and all accessions, additions, products and proceeds thereof (hereafter
  referred to as "Collateral") as collateral security.

  1.    Description of Collateral

        The following is pledged as Collateral:

        All the shares of stock of Business & Professional Bank, Sacramento,
        California, as and when acquired in connection with the merger (the
        "Merger") of Business & Professional Bank with Sacramento First National
        Bank, as well as all proceeds derived from the disposition of such stock
        (the "Collateral").

  2.    Security Interest

        Said Collateral shall after consummation of the Merger, be placed in the
  possession of the Bank and shall there remain until the obligation of the
  Guarantor under this Commitment and Guaranty is paid or released, or
  foreclosure of the Commitment and Guaranty, whichever shall occur first.

        Upon the sale or disposition of the Collateral by the Bank, all
  attorney's fees and legal expenses incurred by the Bank shall be paid out of
  the proceeds of the sale or disposition.  The Bank shall in all instances be
  entitled to recover, and the Guarantor shall be liable for, any deficiency if
  the sale or disposition does not produce an amount sufficient to satisfy the
  obligation secured hereby.  Guarantor warrants that, except for the security
  interest hereby granted, Guarantor will be on consummation of the Merger the
  owner of the Collateral, free and clear of any liens, security interest,
  encumbrances, or other right, title or interest of any other person, firm,
  corporation except to the extent herein disclosed.  Guarantor further
  warrants and covenants that so long as the security interest granted exists,
  it will not sell or otherwise transfer possession of the Collateral or any
  interest therein without the express written consent of the Bank and the
  FDIC.  Guarantor further warrants and covenants that it will not voluntarily
  create or permit to exist any other security interest in or other encumbrance
  upon the Collateral without express written consent of the Bank.

  3.    Additional Covenants

        Guarantor hereby agrees and consents that, with or without expressed
  reservation of rights against the Guarantor, the Bank or the FDIC may release
  or agree not to sue any person against whom the Guarantor has, to the Bank's
  or FDIC's knowledge, a right of recourse or the Bank or FDIC may agree to
  suspend the right to enforce against such person this instrument or any
  Collateral, or may otherwise discharge such person.  The Guarantor also
  consents and agrees that any impairment of any Collateral for this instrument
  shall in no event be construed to discharge or otherwise affect the
  Guarantor's liability hereunder, whether said collateral be given by or on
  behalf of the Guarantor or any person, firm, or corporation against whom the
  Guarantor has any right of recourse.  Guarantor further agrees that the Bank
  shall not be bound to exhaust recourse against any endorser, surety or
  guarantor; nor shall the Bank be required to realize upon any of its
  Collateral before being entitled to payment in full from the Guarantor.
                                       F-46<PAGE>
  

  4.    Preservation of Collateral
        Guarantor assumes full responsibility for taking all steps necessary to
  preserve the Collateral and any right with respect thereto against prior
  parties.  The Bank shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the
  custody and preservation of the Collateral if the Bank takes such action for
  that purpose as Guarantor shall reasonably request in writing, but no
  omissions on the part of the Bank to take any action, whether or not
  requested by the Guarantor shall of itself be considered a failure to
  exercise reasonable care.  If the Bank returns to the Guarantor any of the
  Collateral for the purpose of sale or exchange or for presentation,
  collection, renewal of registration or transfer, Guarantor shall have twenty-
  one (21) days from the date of delivery from the Bank within which to
  accomplish such purpose or return the Collateral to the Bank.  If the purpose
  is accomplished within the twenty-one (21) day period, the Guarantor shall
  immediately deliver to the Bank any property or monies received as a result
  or in connection therewith.

  5.    Risk of Loss

        The Guarantor shall at all times bear the risk of loss of, damage to, or
  destruction of the Collateral and no such event shall release the Guarantor
  from any liability hereunder.

  6.    Agreement of Bank

        With respect to the Collateral, Bank agrees to be bound by the terms of
  the Shareholder Agreement, dated as of June 22, 1994, by and between West
  Coast Bancorp and Business & Professional Bank.

  7.    Default

        The Guarantor shall be in default hereunder upon the occurrence of any
  of the following events: (1) the non-payment when due of any amount or
  installment under the Commitment and Guaranty; (2) the non-performance, non-
  observance or breach of any promise, covenant or warranty contained herein;
  (3) if any warranty, covenant, representation or statement made to the Bank
  or the FDIC by the Guarantor is false or misleading in any material respect;
  (4) if the Guarantor shall become insolvent, become a bankrupt, either
  voluntarily or involuntarily, or if a petition for relief under any law
  relating to debtors, readjudgment of indebtedness, reorganization or
  composition shall be filed by the Guarantor; (5) the dissolution, termination
  of existence, insolvency, assignment for the benefit of creditors or the
  commencement of any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or insolvency
  proceedings by or against the Guarantor; (6) if the Guarantor suspends usual
  business; or if any governmental authority takes possession of a substantial
  part of the property of the Guarantor; (7) if Guarantor does or attempts to
  (a) remove or allow removal of the Collateral from the address given for the
  location of the Collateral as shown on the face hereof without the express,
  written consent of the Bank; (b) encumber or dispose of Collateral or any
  interest therein; (c) conceal, misuse, or abuse the Collateral; or (d) use or
  allow the Collateral in any manner for any purpose prohibited by law or by a
  policy of insurance thereon; or (8) the Collateral or any interest therein is
  attached, levied upon or seized in any legal proceedings or otherwise or held
  by virtue of any lien.

        Executed and delivered in Tustin, California, this 2nd day of December,
  1994.

  West Coast Bancorp             By: /s/ John B. Joseph, Chairman

                                       F-47<PAGE>
  

  -----------------------------  --------------------------
  Guarantor                      John B. Joseph, Chairman




  Sunwest Bank                   By: /s/ James G. LeSieur, III, President & CEO
  -----------------------------  ----------------------------------------------
  Bank                           James G. LeSieur, III, President & CEO



                                 By: /s/ George J. Masa
  -----------------------------  --------------------------
  Federal Deposit
  Insurance Corporation












































                                       F-48<PAGE>
  

  EXHIBIT 23









                          CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS




  The Board of Directors
  West Coast Bancorp:

  We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No.
  33-25859) on Form S-8 of West Coast Bancorp of our report dated March 1 1995,
  except as to notes 22 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements, which
  are as of March 31, 1995, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of West
  Coast Bancorp and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 1994 and
  1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
  shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
  period ended December 31, 1994, which report appears in the December 31, 1994
  Annual Report on Form 10-K of West Coast Bancorp.

  Our report dated March 1, 1995, except as to notes 22 and 24 to the
  consolidated financial statements, which are as of March 31, 1995, contains
  explanatory paragraphs regarding uncertainties surrounding Sunwest Bank's (a
  wholly owned subsidiary of West Coast Bancorp) ability to maintain minimum
  regulatory capital requirements and substantial doubt about the Company's
  ability to continue as a going concern.  The consolidated financial
  statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
  of these uncertainties.


  /s/ KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
  --------------------------------------------
  Orange County, California
  March 31, 1995


















                                       F-49<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 9
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                            9437
<INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS>                            4028
<FED-FUNDS-SOLD>                                 10200
<TRADING-ASSETS>                                     0
<INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE>                       5947
<INVESTMENTS-CARRYING>                            5868
<INVESTMENTS-MARKET>                              5708
<LOANS>                                          86628
<ALLOWANCE>                                       4649
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  130910
<DEPOSITS>                                      119269
<SHORT-TERM>                                       720
<LIABILITIES-OTHER>                               1512
<LONG-TERM>                                       3206
<COMMON>                                         30200
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     (23977)
<TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY>                  130910
<INTEREST-LOAN>                                  14480
<INTEREST-INVEST>                                 1654
<INTEREST-OTHER>                                     0
<INTEREST-TOTAL>                                 16134
<INTEREST-DEPOSIT>                                4245
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                4735
<INTEREST-INCOME-NET>                            11399
<LOAN-LOSSES>                                     3297
<SECURITIES-GAINS>                                   0
<EXPENSE-OTHER>                                  15977
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 (5192)
<INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY>                      (5205)
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    (5205)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                    (.57)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    (.57)
<YIELD-ACTUAL>                                    6.04
<LOANS-NON>                                       5414
<LOANS-PAST>                                        76
<LOANS-TROUBLED>                                  5490
<LOANS-PROBLEM>                                      0
<ALLOWANCE-OPEN>                                  5557
<CHARGE-OFFS>                                     4010
<RECOVERIES>                                       648
<ALLOWANCE-CLOSE>                                 4649
<ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC>                              4649
<ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN>                                  0
<ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED>                              0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
