-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 S0bolsZhQ0BVvqWIyUv+m/OWD01mjuePuF4OlFXM/LZeoCSPg7MLkldx+AWNZrSY
 h+/QzaBW+cc1opep9cP5Cw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950117-96-000232.txt : 19960322
<SEC-HEADER>0000950117-96-000232.hdr.sgml : 19960322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950117-96-000232
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960321
SROS:			CSX
SROS:			NYSE
SROS:			PSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WARNER LAMBERT CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				221598912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03608
		FILM NUMBER:		96536730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 TABOR RD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2015402000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WARNER LAMBERT PHARMACEUTICAL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19701230
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WARNER-LAMBERT 10-K
<TEXT>



<PAGE>
<PAGE>
________________________________________________________________________________
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------
                                   FORM 10-K
 
(MARK ONE)
 
    [x]         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                     THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                     OR
    [ ]        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
            FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO
 
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-3608
                            ------------------------
                             WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
                            ------------------------
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                               <C>
              DELAWARE                          201 TABOR ROAD                        22-1598912
  (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF      MORRIS PLAINS, NEW JERSEY 07950             (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
   INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)           (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL                IDENTIFICATION NO.)
                                   EXECUTIVE OFFICES, INCLUDING ZIP CODE)
</TABLE>
 
                                  201-540-2000
              (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)
 
                            ------------------------
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                      TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                        WHICH REGISTERED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>
Common Stock (Par Value $1 Per Share)                            The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Pacific Stock Exchange, Inc.
Rights to Purchase Series A                                      The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock                         The Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Pacific Stock Exchange, Inc.
</TABLE>
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                     None.
 
     Indicate  by check  mark whether the  registrant (1) has  filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of  the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934  during  the preceding  12  months (or  for  such shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports)  and (2) has been subject to  such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES [x]  NO [ ].
 
     Indicate  by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge, in definitive  proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]
 
     The  aggregate market value  of the voting stock  held by non-affiliates of
Warner-Lambert   Company   as   of   February   22,   1996   was   approximately
$13,797,180,851.
 
     The  number of  shares outstanding of  the registrant's Common  Stock as of
February 22, 1996  was 135,704,221  shares, Common  Stock, par  value $1.00  per
share.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
     Portions  of the Warner-Lambert  Company Annual Report  to Shareholders for
1995 -- Part I, Part II and Part IV.
 
     Portions of  the Proxy  Statement  for Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders  of
Warner-Lambert Company to be held April 23, 1996 -- Part III.
 
________________________________________________________________________________


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
 
     The  term  'Warner-Lambert'  or  the  'Company'  refers  to  Warner-Lambert
Company, a  Delaware  corporation organized  in  that  state in  1920,  and  its
consolidated  subsidiaries,  unless otherwise  indicated  or unless  the context
otherwise requires.
 
     Industry Segments and Geographic  Areas. Financial information by  industry
segment  and geographic area for  the years 1995, 1994  and 1993 is presented in
the Warner-Lambert 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders as set forth below.
 
     The summary  of Warner-Lambert's  industry segments,  geographic areas  and
related  financial  information,  set  forth  in  Note  20  to  the consolidated
financial statements on  page 40 of  the Warner-Lambert 1995  Annual Report,  is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
     All  product names appearing in capitalized  letters in this report on Form
10-K are  registered  trademarks  of  Warner-Lambert,  its  affiliates,  related
companies  or licensors. ZANTAC, ZANTAC 75, BECONASE, ZOVIRAX, SUDAFED, ACTIFED,
NEOSPORIN, POLYSPORIN, NIX,  BOROFAX and  EMPIRIN are  registered trademarks  of
Glaxo  Wellcome plc ('Glaxo Wellcome'), its  affiliates or related companies. As
discussed below,  Warner-Lambert  entered  into  separate  joint  ventures  with
Wellcome  plc  ('Wellcome')  and  Glaxo  Holdings  plc  ('Glaxo')  prior  to the
acquisition  by  Glaxo  of   Wellcome,  see  'Item   1.  Business  --   Business
Segments  -- Consumer Health Care  Products' below. Glaxo is  now known as Glaxo
Wellcome.
 
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
 
     A detailed description of Warner-Lambert's industry segments is as follows:
 
Pharmaceutical Products
 
     The principal  products of  Warner-Lambert in  its Pharmaceutical  Products
segment are ethical pharmaceuticals, biologicals and capsules.
 
     Ethical Pharmaceuticals and Biologicals: Warner-Lambert manufactures and/or
sells, in the United States and/or internationally, an extensive line of ethical
pharmaceuticals  and  biologicals  under  trademarks  and  trade  names  such as
PARKE-DAVIS and GOEDECKE. Among these products are analgesics (PONSTAN, PONSTEL,
EASPRIN,  VALORON,  VALORON-N,  VEGANIN  and  VALTRAN),  anesthetics  (KETALAR),
anthelmintics  (VANQUIN),  anticonvulsants (DILANTIN,  ZARONTIN  and NEURONTIN),
anti-infectives (CHLOROMYCETIN, COLYMYCIN, DORYX, ERYC, MANDELAMINE and  OMNICEF
(cefdinir)),   antivaricosities  (HEPATHROMBIN),   anti-viral  agents  (VIRA-A),
bronchodilators (CHOLEDYL SA), cardiovascular products (NOVADRAL, DILZEM, PROCAN
SR, ACCUPRIL, ACCUZIDE, NITROSTAT and PIMENOL), cognition drugs for treatment of
mild-to-moderate   Alzheimer's   disease   (COGNEX),   dermatologics    (BEBEN),
prescription   hemorrhoidal   preparations   (ANUSOL   HC),   hemostatic  agents
(THROMBOSTAT), hormonal agents (PITRESSIN), influenza vaccines (FLUOGEN),  lipid
regulators   (LOPID),  oral  contraceptives   (LOESTRIN),  oxytocics  (PITOCIN),
psychotherapeutic products  (CETAL  RETARD,  DEMETRIN and  NARDIL)  and  urinary
analgesics (PYRIDIUM).
 
     Warner-Lambert  received its first marketing authorization in the world for
OMNICEF in the Philippines in July 1994 and began marketing the product in  that
country in January 1995. OMNICEF is a third generation cephalosporin.
 
     PIMENOL  (Pirmenol Hydrochloride) was approved by the Ministry of Health in
Japan for the treatment of arrhythmias and was launched in the first quarter  of
1995 in co-promotion with Dainippon Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
 
     The   Company  plans  to  file  8   New  Drug  Applications  ('NDA's')  and
supplemental NDA's in 1996. These filings  include 3 new chemical entities,  all
of  which are in late  stage development and are  anticipated to be commercially
significant. They are atorvastatin, a lipid regulator, troglitazone, an  insulin
enhancing medication for Type II diabetes, and cefdinir, an anti-infective.
 
                                       1
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
     Warner-Lambert's  pharmaceutical products  are promoted  for the  most part
directly to health care professionals  through personal solicitation of  doctors
and  other  professionals  by sales  representatives  with  scientific training,
direct mail  contact and  advertising in  professional journals.  They are  sold
either  directly  or  through  wholesalers  to  government  agencies,  chain and
independent retail pharmacies,  hospitals, clinics,  long-term care  facilities,
mail  order houses and  health maintenance organizations.  Sales to managed care
entities have become  an increasingly  large part  of Warner-Lambert's  domestic
pharmaceutical sales. The Company estimates that more than 50% of pharmaceutical
sales  in  the United  States during  1995  were made  to managed  care entities
(including  government  agencies  and  hospitals).  For  further  discussion  of
Warner-Lambert's ethical products, see 'Item 1. Business -- Regulation' below.
 
     Capsules:  Warner-Lambert  is  the  leading  worldwide  producer  of  empty
hard-gelatin capsules used by pharmaceutical  companies for their production  of
encapsulated products. These capsules are used by Warner-Lambert or manufactured
by  Warner-Lambert according to the specifications  of each of its customers and
are sold  under such  trademarks  as CAPSUGEL,  CONI-SNAP, SNAP-FIT  and  Press-
Fit'tm' gelcaps.
 
     Other:  In February 1996, Warner-Lambert entered  into an agreement to sell
Warner Chilcott Laboratories, its generic drug division. The sale is subject  to
receipt  of necessary regulatory  approvals and is expected  to occur before the
end of the first quarter of 1996. The decision to sell the generic drug business
reflects the Company's intention to focus  its resources more fully on its  core
pharmaceutical, consumer health care products and confectionery businesses.
 
Consumer Health Care Products
 
     The  principal  products  of  Warner-Lambert in  its  Consumer  Health Care
Products segment are over-the-counter health care products, shaving products and
pet care products.
 
     Over-the-Counter Products: In December 1993, Warner-Lambert signed separate
agreements with  Wellcome and  Glaxo (which  acquired Wellcome  in 1995  and  is
referred  to as 'Glaxo Wellcome') governing  the establishment of joint ventures
in various countries  to develop  and market  a broad  range of  nonprescription
consumer health care products.
 
     On  December 18, 1995, Warner-Lambert signed a letter of intent to purchase
Glaxo Wellcome's interests in the Warner Wellcome over-the-counter joint venture
operations and  related assets  for a  purchase price  of $1.05  billion and  to
restructure Warner-Lambert's joint venture arrangements with Glaxo Wellcome with
respect  to the  marketing of  certain Glaxo  Wellcome prescription  drugs which
become over-the-counter  products. This  restructured  joint venture  will  also
include   Wellcome's   over-the-counter   switch   products.   The  wholly-owned
over-the-counter business  of Warner-Lambert,  which will  include the  products
originally  contributed  by  Wellcome  to  the  Warner  Wellcome  joint  venture
operations as described below (other than ZOVIRAX products), will be referred to
as  Warner-Lambert  Consumer  Healthcare.   The  transactions  are  subject   to
negotiation  and completion  of a final  agreement and the  receipt of necessary
regulatory approvals. During the negotiation period, Warner-Lambert will  retain
its rights under the original Warner Wellcome joint venture agreement, including
those rights related to the Wellcome acquisition by Glaxo.
 
     Warner-Lambert's joint venture agreement with Wellcome, prior to Wellcome's
acquisition  by  Glaxo, called  for both  companies to  contribute to  the joint
venture operations (referred to  herein as the  'Warner Wellcome' joint  venture
operations)  current and  future over-the-counter products  (excluding HALLS and
ROLAIDS  products).  Joint  venture  operations  formed  pursuant  to  a  global
principles  agreement began in the United States  and Canada in January 1994, in
Australia, New  Zealand and  certain countries  in Europe  in June  1994 and  in
Germany  in November  1994. Warner-Lambert  or its  affiliates are  the managing
partners of  the  Warner  Wellcome joint  venture  operations,  with  day-to-day
operating responsibility.
 
     Warner-Lambert  and Glaxo Wellcome receive  approximately 70 percent and 30
percent, respectively, of the profits generated  by the current products of  the
Warner  Wellcome  joint  venture operations  in  the United  States.  Profits on
current products marketed through the  Warner Wellcome joint venture are  shared
equally   between  Warner-Lambert  and  Glaxo  Wellcome  in  Canada,  Australia,
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
New Zealand and the European countries where joint venture operations have  been
established. During the negotiation period for the transactions described above,
the  provisions  of  the existing  agreements  relating to  profit  sharing will
continue.
 
     ZOVIRAX cold sore cream has been  approved for over-the-counter use and  is
being  sold over-the-counter  in a number  of countries in  Europe. ZOVIRAX cold
sore cream,  previously  marketed  through the  Warner  Wellcome  joint  venture
operations,  will  be marketed,  upon completion  of the  transactions described
above, under the terms of  the over-the-counter switch joint venture  operations
between Warner-Lambert and Glaxo Wellcome.
 
     A  NDA  for the  conversion to  over-the-counter  use of  the oral  form of
ZOVIRAX as a genital  herpes medication was  filed with the  U.S. Food and  Drug
Administration   ('FDA')  in  August   1993.  The  FDA's   Antiviral  Drugs  and
Nonprescription Drugs  Advisory  Committee  has  recommended  that  the  current
submission  for conversion of ZOVIRAX to  over-the-counter form not be approved.
At this time, the Company cannot predict whether Glaxo Wellcome will continue to
pursue approval.
 
     Warner-Lambert and Glaxo, prior  to its acquisition  of Wellcome, formed  a
joint  venture in the United States, which commenced operations in December 1993
(referred to herein as  the 'Glaxo Warner-Lambert'  joint venture operations  or
organization).  The Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint  venture operations will develop,
seek approval of and market over-the-counter versions of certain Glaxo  Wellcome
prescription  drugs  in the  United States,  including ZANTAC,  Glaxo Wellcome's
pharmaceutical product  for ulcer  treatment, for  sale as  an  over-the-counter
product  for the treatment of episodic  heartburn. Additional joint ventures are
expected to be  formed with  Glaxo Wellcome  in other  major markets,  excluding
Japan.
 
     In the United Kingdom, Warner Wellcome is currently marketing ZANTAC 75, an
over-the-counter   treatment   for   episodic   heartburn   and   BECONASE,   an
over-the-counter  allergy   nasal   spray  manufactured   by   Glaxo   Wellcome.
Warner-Lambert shares in the profits generated by these brands.
 
     Direction  of the Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint venture operations is provided
by management committee representatives from each company. Day-to-day operations
are the  responsibility of  Warner-Lambert, and  the joint  venture  operations'
over-the-counter  products will be sold by Warner-Lambert's consumer health care
products sales and marketing organization, which in most countries is the Warner
Wellcome organization and,  following completion of  the transactions  described
above,  will be a Warner-Lambert organization. Warner-Lambert and Glaxo Wellcome
share development costs, profits and voting control equally, with Glaxo Wellcome
receiving  a  royalty  on  sales  by  the  Glaxo  Warner-Lambert  joint  venture
operations  of  certain  current  over-the-counter  versions  of  Glaxo Wellcome
prescription drugs.
 
     On September 30, 1994, Glaxo submitted a NDA to the FDA for the sale in the
United States of a product for the treatment of episodic heartburn called ZANTAC
75. On December 19, 1995, ZANTAC 75 received marketing clearance from the FDA.
 
     Warner Wellcome Products:  In each  country where a  Warner Wellcome  joint
venture  has been established, Warner Wellcome  sells a line of over-the-counter
pharmaceutical and health care products,  which may include antacids  (GELUSIL),
dermatological  products (LUBRIDERM,  LUBRIDERM Body  Bar, LUBRIDERM  Loofa Bar,
LUBRIDERM Seriously Sensitive, LUBRIDERM Moisture Recovery, ROSKEN SKIN  REPAIR,
CORN   HUSKERS  and  LISTEREX),  topical  antibiotic  ointments  (NEOSPORIN  and
POLYSPORIN), cold and sinus preparations (SUDAFED, SINUTAB, SINUTAB  NON-DRYING,
SUDAFED  NON-DRYING and  ACTIFED), antihistamines and  allergy products (ACTIFED
Allergy, SUDAFED PLUS, BENADRYL, BENADRYL-D, BENADRYL Cold, BENADRYL  CHEWABLES,
BENADRYL    Allergy/Sinus/Headache   and    BENADRYL   Dye-Free),   hemorrhoidal
preparations (ANUSOL, ANUSOL  HC-1 and TUCKS),  vaginal moisturizers  (REPLENS),
laxatives  (AGORAL),  cough  syrups/suppressants  (BENYLIN,  BENYLIN-DM, BENYLIN
DECONGESTANT, BENYLIN  EXPECTORANT and  BENYLIN PEDIATRIC),  vitamins  (MYADEC),
antipruritics  (CALADRYL, BENADRYL  spray, cream,  gel and  stick and STINGOSE),
rubbing alcohol (LAVACOL), hydrogen  peroxide (PROXACOL), self-diagnostic  early
pregnancy test kits (e.p.t'r'), oral antiseptics (LISTERINE, COOL MINT LISTERINE
and  FRESHBURST  LISTERINE),  mouthwash/dental  rinses  (LISTERMINT), toothpaste
(COOLMINT LISTERINE),
 
                                       3
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
effervescent denture cleaning  tablets and denture  cleanser pastes  (EFFERDENT,
EFFERDENT  PLUS and  FRESH 'N BRITE),  denture adhesives  (EFFERGRIP), head lice
treatments (NIX), diaper rash  preparations (BOROFAX) and analgesics  (EMPIRIN).
SUDAFED,  ACTIFED, ACTIFED  Allergy, SUDAFED  PLUS, NEOSPORIN,  POLYSPORIN, NIX,
BOROFAX and EMPIRIN were  contributed by Wellcome to  the Warner Wellcome  joint
venture  operations. Upon completion of the  purchase by Warner-Lambert of Glaxo
Wellcome's  interests  in   the  Warner  Wellcome   joint  venture   operations,
Warner-Lambert  Consumer Healthcare will sell each of those products contributed
by Wellcome  in those  countries  which were  included  in the  original  Warner
Wellcome joint venture operations.
 
     Other  Over-the-Counter  Products:  In  addition  to  the  Warner  Wellcome
products named above,  Warner-Lambert manufactures and/or  sells, in the  United
States  and/or internationally, a  line of antacids  (ROLAIDS and Extra Strength
ROLAIDS), cough tablets (HALLS, HALLS Juniors, HALLS-PLUS and Sugar Free  HALLS)
and   throat  drops  (CELESTIAL  SEASONINGS   SOOTHERS  and  HALLS  Vitamin  C).
Furthermore, certain products  named as Warner  Wellcome products above  (except
for  products that were contributed by Wellcome to the joint venture operations)
are manufactured and/or sold  by Warner-Lambert or  its affiliates in  countries
where Warner Wellcome joint venture operations have not been established.
 
     Over-the-counter   products  are  promoted   principally  through  consumer
advertising and promotional programs  and some are  promoted directly to  health
care  professionals. They  are sold principally  to drug  wholesalers, chain and
retail pharmacies,  chain  and  independent  food  stores,  mass  merchandisers,
physician supply houses and hospitals.
 
     Shaving  Products: Warner-Lambert manufactures and sells razors and blades,
both domestically  and internationally.  Shaving products  are manufactured  and
marketed under the SCHICK and other trademarks worldwide and the WILKINSON SWORD
trademark  in Europe,  the United  States and  Canada. Permanent (nondisposable)
products  marketed  under  the   SCHICK  trademark  include  TRACER/FX,   SCHICK
PROTECTOR,  SUPER  II, SUPER  II  PLUS, ULTREX  PLUS,  SILK EFFECTS,  SLIM TWIN,
ADVANTAGE, PERSONAL  TOUCH and  INJECTOR PLUS  CHROMIUM. Disposable  twin  blade
products  marketed under  the SCHICK  trademark include  SCHICK DISPOSABLE, SLIM
TWIN,  PERSONAL  TOUCH  and  ULTREX  DISPOSABLE.  Products  marketed  under  the
WILKINSON  SWORD trademark include  nondisposable systems such  as PROTECTOR, FX
PERFORMER, PROFILE, SYSTEM II, DUPLO and LADY PROTECTOR, and disposable products
that include COLOURS, PRONTO, RETRACTOR, RETRACTOR TWIN and EXTRA II.
 
     Warner-Lambert's shaving products are promoted principally through consumer
advertising  and  promotional  programs.   They  are  distributed  directly   to
wholesalers  for sale to smaller retailers, drugstores, pharmacies and to retail
outlets, including pharmacies, food  stores, variety stores, mass  merchandisers
and other miscellaneous outlets.
 
     Pet   Care  Products:  Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  sells  various
products on a  worldwide basis for  ornamental fish and  for reptiles and  other
small  pets, as well as books relating to various pets, under various trademarks
including TETRA, TETRA  POND, TETRA PRESS,  TETRA TERRAFAUNA, HILENA,  ZOOMEDICA
FRICKINGER  and  TETRA  SECONDNATURE. In  addition,  Warner-Lambert manufactures
and/or distributes aquarium  products (including power  filters and  replacement
cartridges,  air pumps, heaters, plastic plants  and other accessories) that are
marketed largely under the WHISPER  and SECONDNATURE trademarks. These pet  care
products  are  promoted  to  consumers through  cooperative  advertising  and to
retailers through direct promotion and  advertising in trade publications.  They
are  sold to wholesalers  for sale to  smaller retailers and  directly to larger
chain stores and retailers, in each case for ultimate sale to consumers.
 
     Other: In the third quarter of 1995, Warner-Lambert sold the assets of  its
PRO  toothbrush  business  in  order  to  refocus  its  resources  on  its  core
pharmaceutical, consumer health care products and confectionery businesses.
 
     During 1996 the Company  plans to sell  other non-strategic businesses  and
undervalued  and non-productive assets in order  to permit the Company to invest
more heavily in its core businesses.
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Confectionery Products
 
     The principal  products of  Warner-Lambert  in its  Confectionery  Products
segment are chewing gums and breath mints.
 
     Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  sells, in  the  United  States and/or
internationally, a broad  line of  chewing gums  and breath  mints. Among  these
products  are slab chewing gums (TRIDENT,  DENTYNE and DENTYNE Sugarfree), chunk
bubble gums (BUBBLICIOUS  and BUBBLICIOUS MONDO),  center-filled gums  (BUBBALOO
and  FRESHEN-UP), candy-coated gums  (CHICLETS, CHICLETS TINY  SIZE and CLORETS)
and stick  gums (CLORETS,  CINN*A*BURST,  MINT*A*BURST and  FRUIT*A*BURST).  The
breath  mint line includes CERTS, Sugarfree CERTS, CERTS Cool Mint Drops'tm' and
CLORETS. In addition, the Company sells several specialty candies. The specialty
candies line includes a  line of hard  candies called FRUIT  WAVES that is  sold
under  the  OCEAN  SPRAY trademark  and  also  those sold  under  the  SAILA and
Koldt'tm' trademarks.
 
     Warner-Lambert's  confectionery  products  are  promoted  directly  to  the
consumer primarily through consumer advertising and in-store promotion programs.
They  are sold directly  to chain and independent  food stores, chain pharmacies
and mass merchandisers  or through candy  and tobacco wholesalers  and to  other
miscellaneous outlets which in turn sell to consumers.
 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
 
     Although  Warner-Lambert  has  globalized  most of  its  organization  on a
segment  basis,  Warner-Lambert's  international   businesses  are  carried   on
principally  through subsidiaries and branches,  which are generally staffed and
managed by citizens of the countries in which they operate. Approximately 25,000
of Warner-Lambert's employees are located  outside the United States and  Puerto
Rico and only a small number of such employees are U.S. citizens. Certain of the
products  described above  are manufactured  and marketed  solely in  the United
States and certain other products are manufactured and marketed solely in one or
more foreign countries.
 
     International  sales  to  unaffiliated   customers  in  1995  amounted   to
approximately  57% of the Company's worldwide  sales. International sales do not
include sales of products exported from the United States, which sales represent
less than 1% of total U.S. sales. The seven largest markets with respect to  the
distribution  of Warner-Lambert products  sold outside the  United States during
1995 were Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Canada, Brazil and  Italy.
Sales  in  these markets  accounted  for approximately  62%  of Warner-Lambert's
international sales,  with  no one  country  accounting  for more  than  18%  of
international sales.
 
     In  1994, Warner-Lambert announced its  intention to construct and operate,
through a joint  venture with  a Chinese  partner, a  manufacturing facility  in
Guangzhou,  China. This facility will  produce confectionery products which will
be sold  in China  and exported.  The  Company now  estimates that  its  initial
investment  in the joint venture  through the end of  1996 will be approximately
$35 million. The construction of this facility is on schedule and completion and
commission of the plant is expected by December 1996.
 
     In accordance  with customary  market conditions,  sales made  outside  the
United  States  are generally  made on  longer  terms of  payment than  would be
customary in  the  United  States. In  addition,  international  operations  are
subject  to certain  risks inherent  in carrying  on business  abroad, including
possible nationalization, expropriation and  other governmental action, as  well
as  fluctuations in currency exchange rates.  The likelihood of such occurrences
varies from country  to country  and is  not predictable.  However, the  Company
believes   that  its   geographic  diversity  minimizes   exposure  to  currency
fluctuations resulting in one or more foreign countries. The devaluation of  the
Mexican  peso in December  1994 resulted in  an adverse impact  on the Company's
sales of $137 million in 1995.
 
RESTRUCTURING
 
     In  November  1993,  Warner-Lambert   announced  a  program  covering   the
rationalization  of  manufacturing  facilities,  principally  in  North America,
including the eventual closing of seven plants, an organizational  restructuring
and  related  workforce reductions  of  approximately 2,800  positions  over the
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
next several years.  For further discussion  of Warner-Lambert's  restructuring,
see  'Management's Discussion and Analysis -- Costs  and Expenses' and Note 3 to
the consolidated financial statements, contained in Warner-Lambert's 1995 Annual
Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
COMPETITION
 
     Most markets in which Warner-Lambert is engaged are highly competitive  and
characterized  by substantial expenditures  in the advertising  and promotion of
new and existing products. In addition, there is intense competition in research
and development in all of  Warner-Lambert's industry segments. No material  part
of  the business of any of  Warner-Lambert's industry segments is dependent upon
one or a few customers.
 
MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES
 
     Warner-Lambert's products, in general, are produced and packaged at its own
facilities. Other than  certain Warner Wellcome  products manufactured by  Glaxo
Wellcome,  certain pet products and certain other products, relatively few items
are manufactured in  whole or in  part by outside  suppliers. Raw materials  and
packaging  supplies are purchased from a  variety of outside suppliers. Although
the Company, in an effort to achieve cost savings, is consolidating its  sources
of  supply, the Company does not believe that the loss of any one source of such
materials and supplies would have  a material effect on  the business of any  of
Warner-Lambert's  industry  segments.  Warner-Lambert seeks  to  protect against
fluctuating costs  and to  assure availability  of raw  materials and  packaging
supplies  by, among other things, locating alternative sources of supply and, in
some instances, making selective advance purchases.
 
TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
 
     Warner-Lambert's major  trademarks are  protected  by registration  in  the
United   States   and  other   countries  where   its  products   are  marketed.
Warner-Lambert believes these trademarks are  important to the marketing of  the
related products and acts to protect them from infringement. Warner-Lambert owns
many  patents and has many patent applications  pending in the patent offices of
the United States and other countries. Although a number of products and product
lines have  patent protection  that  is significant  in  the marketing  of  such
products,  the management  of Warner-Lambert does  not consider  that any single
patent or related group of patents is material to Warner-Lambert's business as a
whole or any of its industry segments. Warner-Lambert anticipates, however, that
patents on certain future products,  such as atorvastatin and troglitazone,  may
become  material to  Warner-Lambert's business as  a whole if  such products are
approved.
 
     Legislation enacted during 1994 in the United States in order to  implement
the  General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade has changed the term of U.S. patents
filed after June 8, 1995 and has lengthened the term of some granted patents and
pending applications existing on June 8, 1995.  It is not clear what the  impact
of this legislation on Warner-Lambert will be.
 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
 
     Warner-Lambert  employs over  2,000 scientific  and technical  personnel in
research and development  activities at various  research facilities located  in
the   United   States  and   in   foreign  countries.   Warner-Lambert  invested
approximately $501 million in  research and development  in 1995, compared  with
$456   million  in  1994  and  $465   million  in  1993.  Approximately  81%  of
Warner-Lambert's  1995  research  and   development  spending  was  related   to
pharmaceutical   products.  Warner-Lambert  believes  research  and  development
activities  are  essential  to  its  business  and  intends  to  continue   such
activities.
 
EMPLOYEES
 
     At  December  31,  1995,  approximately  37,000  people  were  employed  by
Warner-Lambert throughout the world.
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
REGULATION
 
     Warner-Lambert's business  is subject  to varying  degrees of  governmental
regulation in the countries in which it manufactures and distributes products.
 
     In the United States, the food, drug and cosmetic industries are subject to
regulation  by various federal, state and local agencies with respect to product
safety  and   effectiveness,  manufacturing   and  advertising   and   labeling.
Accordingly,  from  time  to time,  with  respect to  particular  products under
review, such agencies  may require Warner-Lambert  to address safety,  efficacy,
manufacturing  and/or  regulatory issues,  to conduct  additional testing  or to
modify its advertising and/or labeling.
 
     During the third quarter of 1993, a consent decree with the FDA was entered
into by  Warner-Lambert  and two  of  its principal  officers,  covering  issues
related  to manufacturing and quality practices  and procedures. The decree is a
court-approved agreement that primarily requires Warner-Lambert to certify  that
laboratory  and/or manufacturing facilities in the United States and Puerto Rico
are in compliance with current  Good Manufacturing Practices established by  the
FDA.  Under the terms  of the decree,  the manufacture and  distribution of some
products was temporarily suspended  pending completion of certain  certification
activities.  Relevant facility and laboratory  certifications have been obtained
in all U.S. and Puerto Rico plants. Warner-Lambert's manufacturing facilities in
the mainland United  States and Puerto  Rico have now  resumed full  operations.
Although  there are several prescription products which have not yet returned to
the market or which have been  withdrawn, most of those pharmaceutical  products
which  the  Company  intends  to continue  manufacturing  and/or  marketing have
returned to  full manufacture  and/or  distribution. The  terms of  the  consent
decree are applicable until at least August 1998.
 
     The   FDA's   Application   Integrity  Policy   ('AIP')   was   applied  to
Warner-Lambert's Fajardo  and Vega  Baja, Puerto  Rico facilities  in  September
1992, due to discrepancies found in data generated at those facilities. Pursuant
to  the  AIP,  Warner-Lambert,  through  independent  experts  in pharmaceutical
manufacturing, has conducted  validity assessments of  certain FDA filings  made
with  respect  to certain  products manufactured  or to  be manufactured  at its
facilities in  Vega  Baja  and  Fajardo,  Puerto  Rico.  The  FDA  has  deferred
substantive  scientific  reviews  of  pending  NDA's  and  Abbreviated  New Drug
Applications ('ANDA's')  for products  to be  manufactured at  these  facilities
(including  the oral contraceptive ESTROSTEP), and for some supplements to NDA's
or ANDA's for  products currently  manufactured at these  facilities, while  the
Company  is subject  to the AIP.  The FDA did  not suspend review  of two drugs,
COGNEX (tacrine) and NEURONTIN (gabapentin),  discussed above under the  caption
'Item  1. Business Segments -- Pharmaceutical  Products', both of which obtained
United States  marketing  approval  in 1993.  Warner-Lambert  has  pledged  full
cooperation,  has  actively  worked with  the  FDA  and continues  to  engage in
discussions with the FDA in order to resolve all issues relating to the AIP.  In
1994 and 1995, Warner-Lambert filed all the expert validity assessments that had
not  yet been  filed. The Company  also submitted a  Corrective Action Operating
Plan to the FDA in December  1994, which outlines corrective actions which  have
been  or will be implemented in response  to the validity assessments. By letter
dated September 22, 1995, the FDA stated that it had completed its review of the
Vega Baja, Puerto Rico pharmaceutical  facility and confirmed that the  facility
is  no longer subject  to the AIP. The  FDA has completed  its inspection of the
Fajardo, Puerto Rico facility. It is not possible to predict when or whether the
AIP will be lifted with respect to the Fajardo facility or whether the FDA  will
take additional action.
 
     On  October  31,  1995,  the Drug  Enforcement  Administration  (the 'DEA')
published  a  proposed  rule  which   would  bring  certain  of  the   Company's
over-the-counter pharmaceutical products containing pseudoephedrine
hydrochloride under the chemical control provisions of the Controlled Substances
Act  through  the  revocation  of an  exemption  for  listed  chemicals lawfully
marketed under  the Food,  Drug and  Cosmetic Act.  In addition,  in March  1996
legislation  was  introduced  in  the  U.S. Senate  to  remove  such  legal drug
exemption  for  single  ingredient   pseudoephedrine  products.  The  rule   and
legislation,  if enacted in their present forms, would among other things impose
new  regulatory  restrictions  on  persons  handling  such  products   including
recordkeeping  and reporting of certain transactions  to the DEA. The Company is
concerned that  such  restrictions  could induce  pharmacies  and  other  retail
outlets  which carry such products to keep such products 'behind the counter' or
no longer  to  carry  such  products.  The Company  has  opposed  the  rule  and
legislation   in   their   present  forms.   While   it  is   not   possible  to
 
                                       7
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
predict with certainty  whether the  rule or  legislation will  be finalized  or
enacted,  as the  case may be,  in their present  forms, Warner-Lambert believes
that neither would have a material adverse effect on Warner-Lambert's  financial
position, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations for any year.
 
     Regulatory  requirements concerning  the research  and development  of drug
products have  increased in  complexity  and scope  in  recent years.  This  has
resulted in a substantial increase in the time and expense required to bring new
products  to market.  At the  same time,  the FDA  requirements for  approval of
generic drugs  (drugs containing  the  same active  chemical as  an  innovator's
product)  have been reduced as a result  of the adoption of abbreviated new drug
approval procedures  for  most  generic  drugs.  Generic  versions  of  many  of
Warner-Lambert's  products  in  the Pharmaceutical  Products  segment  are being
marketed in  the  United States,  and  generic substitution  legislation,  which
permits  a pharmacist  to substitute  a generic  version of  a drug  for the one
prescribed, has been  enacted in  some form in  all states.  These factors  have
resulted  in increased competition from generic  manufacturers in the market for
ethical products.
 
     The regulatory agencies  under whose purview  Warner-Lambert operates  have
administrative and legal powers that may subject Warner-Lambert and its products
to  seizure actions, product recalls and  other civil and criminal actions. They
may  also   subject  the   industry   to  emergency   regulatory   requirements.
Warner-Lambert's  policy is to comply fully with all regulatory requirements. It
is impossible to  predict, however, what  effect, if any,  these matters or  any
pending  or future legislation, regulations or  governmental actions may have on
the conduct of Warner-Lambert's business in the future.
 
     In most of the foreign countries where Warner-Lambert does business, it  is
subject  to a regulatory and legislative  climate similar to or more restrictive
than that described above.  The Company cannot predict  whether or what type  of
measures will be encountered in the future.
 
ENVIRONMENT
 
     Warner-Lambert is responsible for compliance with a number of environmental
laws  and  regulations.  Warner-Lambert maintains  control  systems  designed to
assure  compliance  in  all  material  respects  with  environmental  laws   and
regulations,  including environmental  policies and  maintenance of  a worldwide
audit program.
 
     Warner-Lambert  is   involved  in   various  administrative   or   judicial
proceedings  related  to environmental  actions  initiated by  the Environmental
Protection Agency under the  Comprehensive Environmental Response,  Compensation
and  Liability  Act (also  known  as Superfund)  or  by state  authorities under
similar state legislation,  or by third  parties. For some  of the sites,  other
parties  (defined  as  potentially  responsible  parties)  may  be  jointly  and
severally responsible, along with Warner-Lambert,  to pay remediation and  other
related expenses. For other sites, for example, those sites which Warner-Lambert
currently  owns  or  previously  owned, Warner-Lambert  may  be  the  sole party
responsible for  clean-up  costs. While  it  is  not possible  to  predict  with
certainty  the  outcome  of  such  matters or  the  total  cost  of remediation,
Warner-Lambert believes it is unlikely that their ultimate disposition will have
a material  adverse effect  on Warner-Lambert's  financial position,  liquidity,
cash  flow  or results  of  operations for  any  year. Actions  with  respect to
environmental programs and compliance result  in operating expenses and  capital
expenditures.    Warner-Lambert's   capital   expenditures   with   respect   to
environmental programs and  compliance in  1995 were not,  and in  1996 are  not
expected to be, material to the business of Warner-Lambert.
 
     For  additional information relating to environmental matters, see 'Item 3.
Legal Proceedings' and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements on  page
39 of the Warner-Lambert 1995 Annual Report, incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
 
     The  executive offices of Warner-Lambert are  located in Morris Plains, New
Jersey. In  the  United  States,  including  Puerto  Rico,  Warner-Lambert  owns
facilities aggregating approximately 6,993,000 square feet and leases facilities
having an aggregate of approximately 394,000 square feet.
 
                                       8
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
     Warner-Lambert's   U.S.  manufacturing   plants  are   located  in  Lititz,
Pennsylvania (pharmaceuticals  and  consumer health  care  products);  Rockford,
Illinois   (confectionery  products);   Rochester,  Michigan  (pharmaceuticals);
Holland, Michigan (pharmaceuticals); Morris Plains, New Jersey  (pharmaceuticals
and  consumer  health  care  products);  Greenwood,  South  Carolina (capsules);
Milford,  Connecticut  (razors  and  blades);  Oakland,  New  Jersey  (pet  care
products);  and Blacksburg, Virginia (pet care products). Warner-Lambert Inc., a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Warner-Lambert operating  in Puerto Rico, has  plants
located  in Fajardo (pharmaceuticals); and  Vega Baja (pharmaceuticals, consumer
health care and confectionery products).
 
     In the  United States,  Warner-Lambert  currently distributes  its  various
products  through its manufacturing plants  and two primary distribution centers
located in Lititz, Pennsylvania and Elk Grove, Illinois. Principal U.S. research
facilities are  located  in Ann  Arbor,  Michigan (pharmaceuticals)  and  Morris
Plains,  New  Jersey (pharmaceuticals,  consumer  health care  and confectionery
products).
 
     Internationally, Warner-Lambert  owns,  leases  or  operates,  through  its
subsidiaries  or branches, 70  production facilities in  35 countries. Principal
international manufacturing plants are located  in Germany, the United  Kingdom,
Belgium,  Italy,  Canada,  Mexico,  Hong Kong,  Japan,  Ireland,  Spain, France,
Brazil, Colombia and Australia. Principal international research facilities  are
located in Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom and Canada.
 
     As  discussed above  under the heading  'Item 1.  Business -- International
Operations', Warner-Lambert  expects  that  construction  of  the  confectionery
products  manufacturing  facility  in  Guangzhou, China  will  be  completed and
commissioned by December 1996.
 
     In order to achieve its objectives of increased efficiency and a lower cost
of goods sold, Warner-Lambert, over a  number of years and at significant  cost,
has  consolidated many of its  plants and facilities around  the world. This has
often resulted in  the production  of pharmaceutical  products, consumer  health
care products and/or confectionery products at a single facility.
 
     Warner-Lambert's  facilities are generally in  good operating condition and
repair and at present are  adequately utilized within reasonable limits.  Leases
are not material to the business of Warner-Lambert taken as a whole.
 
     For  information  regarding  the  organizational  restructuring  and  plant
rationalization announced  by  Warner-Lambert in  November  1993, see  'Item  1.
Business -- Restructuring' above.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
 
     For  a discussion of Warner-Lambert's consent decree with the FDA, covering
issues  related  to  compliance   with  current  Good  Manufacturing   Practices
established   by  the   FDA,  and  other   regulatory  matters,   see  'Item  1.
Business  --  Regulation'   above.  For  additional   information  relating   to
environmental matters see 'Item 1. Business -- Environment' above.
 
     Warner-Lambert  and certain present  and former employees  were served with
subpoenas in  1993  by  the  U.S.  Attorney's  office  in  Maryland,  which  was
conducting  an inquiry relating  to compliance with  FDA regulations, to produce
records and/or appear before a federal grand jury in Baltimore. On November  28,
1995,   Warner-Lambert  waived  indictment  and  pled  guilty  to  a  one  count
information charging failure  in 1991 to  file certain reports  with the FDA  of
drug   stability  failures  on   distributed  batches  of   the  drug  DILANTIN.
Warner-Lambert agreed to pay a fine of  $10 million. At the same time, Allan  H.
Doane,  former vice president for  corporate quality assurance and environmental
compliance at Warner-Lambert, was indicted by the Maryland grand jury in a  five
count   indictment  alleging  conspiracy,  distributing  adulterated  drugs  and
obstruction of justice based on conduct in 1991.
 
     In September 1993, Warner-Lambert received a Complaint and Compliance Order
from the Environmental Protection Agency  ('EPA') seeking penalties of  $268,000
for  alleged violations of  the Resource Conservation  and Recovery Act, Boilers
and Industrial Furnace regulations. Warner-Lambert is contesting the allegations
contained within the Complaint and has entered into negotiations with the EPA in
an attempt to  resolve these issues.  Although it  is too early  to predict  the
outcome  of  this  action,  Warner-Lambert  does  not  at  present  expect  this
litigation to  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its  financial  position,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations.
 
                                       9
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
     Beginning   in  late  1993,  Warner-Lambert,   along  with  numerous  other
pharmaceutical manufacturers and wholesalers, has been sued in a number of state
and federal antitrust lawsuits by  retail pharmacies seeking treble damages  and
injunctive  relief.  These actions  arise from  alleged price  discrimination by
which the defendant drug companies, acting  alone or in concert, are alleged  to
have  favored  institutions, managed  care entities,  mail order  pharmacies and
other buyers with  lower prices  for brand  name prescription  drugs than  those
afforded to plaintiff retailers. The federal cases have been consolidated by the
Judicial  Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and transferred to the U.S. District
Court  for  the  Northern  District  of  Illinois  for  pre-trial   proceedings.
Warner-Lambert  has agreed  to settle  part of  the consolidated  federal cases,
specifically, the class action conspiracy lawsuit, for a total of $15.1 million,
to be paid in  four equal installments  of $3.775 million  in February of  1996,
1997,  1998 and 1999, respectively. This settlement is subject to final approval
by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
 
     The state cases pending in California have been coordinated in the Superior
Court of California, County of San Francisco. Warner-Lambert has also been named
as a defendant in  actions in state courts  in Alabama, Minnesota and  Wisconsin
brought  by classes  of pharmacies,  each arising  from the  same allegations of
price discrimination.  In  addition,  the  Company  is  named  in  class  action
complaints  in the  states of Alabama,  Arizona, Colorado,  Maine, Michigan, New
York and Washington, brought  by classes of consumers  who purchased brand  name
prescription  drugs at retail  pharmacies. These cases also  arise from the same
allegations of price discrimination. Warner-Lambert believes that these  actions
are without merit and will defend itself vigorously. Although it is too early to
predict the outcome of the remaining actions, Warner-Lambert does not at present
expect  this  litigation to  have  a material  adverse  effect on  its financial
position, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations.
 
     In November 1994, Warner-Lambert received a civil enforcement action letter
and draft complaint from the  Department of Justice (the 'Department')  alleging
violation  of the Clean Water Act with regard to the operation of the wastewater
treatment plant  at  its Vega  Baja,  Puerto Rico  facility.  Warner-Lambert  is
negotiating a resolution of this matter with the Department and is continuing to
work  with the EPA,  Region II, to  maintain the facility's  compliance with the
Clean Water Act. The Company cannot predict  the outcome of this matter at  this
time.
 
     In  addition, Warner-Lambert has received an inquiry from the Environmental
Crimes Section of the Department relating to compliance with the Clean Water Act
and the discharge  permit issued  to the  facility. The  Company is  cooperating
fully with this inquiry and cannot predict its outcome at this time.
 
     Warner-Lambert  Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Warner-Lambert, has been
named as a defendant  in class actions  filed in Puerto  Rico Superior Court  by
current and former employees from the Vega Baja, Carolina and Fajardo plants, as
well  as  Kelly  Services  temporary employees  assigned  to  those  plants. The
lawsuits seek  monetary relief  for  alleged violations  of local  statutes  and
decrees  relating to meal  period payments, minimum  wage, overtime and vacation
pay. Warner-Lambert  believes that  these  actions are  without merit  and  will
defend these actions vigorously. Although it is too early to predict the outcome
of  these actions, Warner-Lambert  does not at present  expect these lawsuits to
have a material adverse effect on  its financial position, liquidity, cash  flow
or results of operations.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       10
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
     Information  with respect to the executive officers of Warner-Lambert as of
March 1, 1996 is set forth below:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       POSITIONS AND             PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                        OFFICES HELD                 AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE       WITH REGISTRANT             DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    ----------------------  ----------------------------------

<S>                                         <C>    <C>                     <C>
Melvin R. Goodes.........................   60     Chairman of the Board   Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                     and Chief Executive     Executive Officer (since August
                                                     Officer; Director       1991) President and Chief
                                                                             Operating Officer (July
                                                                             1985 -- July 1991)
Lodewijk J. R. de Vink...................   51     President and Chief     President and Chief Operating
                                                     Operating Officer;      Officer (since August 1991);
                                                     Director                Executive Vice President and
                                                                             President, U.S. Operations
                                                                             (April 1990 -- July 1991)
John F. Walsh............................   53     Executive Vice          Executive Vice President (since
                                                     President               January 1991); President,
                                                                             Consumer Healthcare Sector
                                                                             (since December 1994);
                                                                             President, Consumer Products
                                                                             Sector (January 1992 -- December
                                                                             1994); President, International
                                                                             Operations (March
                                                                             1990 -- December 1991)
Ernest J. Larini.........................   53     Vice President and      Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                     Chief Financial         Officer (since November 1992);
                                                     Officer                 Vice President, Financial
                                                                             Administration (June
                                                                             1992 -- October 1992); Vice
                                                                             President and Controller (May
                                                                             1990 -- May 1992)
J. Frank Lazo............................   48     Vice President          Vice President (since April 1990);
                                                                             President, Confectionery Sector
                                                                             (since December 1994);
                                                                             President, Latin America/Asia/
                                                                             Australia/Middle East/
                                                                             Africa Group (January
                                                                             1992 -- December 1994);
                                                                             President, Latin
                                                                             America/Asia/Australia Group
                                                                             (July 1991 -- December 1991);
                                                                             President, Canada/Latin America
                                                                             Group (April 1990 -- July 1991)
John S. Craig............................   44     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1996); President, American
                                                                             Chicle Group (since July 1995);
                                                                             President and Chief Executive
                                                                             Officer, Lender's Bagel Bakery
                                                                             division of Kraft Foods, Inc.
                                                                             (September 1986 -- February
                                                                             1994)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       11
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       POSITIONS AND             PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                        OFFICES HELD                 AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE       WITH REGISTRANT             DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    ----------------------  ----------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                     <C>
Ronald M. Cresswell, Ph.D................   61     Vice President          Vice President (since May 1988);
                                                                             Chairman, Parke-Davis Research
                                                                             (since November 1989)
Pedro M. Cuatrecasas, M.D................   59     Vice President          Vice President (since October
                                                                             1989); President, Parke-Davis
                                                                             Research (since October 1989)
Raymond M. Fino..........................   53     Vice President          Vice President, Human Resources
                                                                             (since January 1985)
Philip M. Gross..........................   54     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1990); Vice President, Strategic
                                                                             Management Processes (since
                                                                             January 1994); President, Novon
                                                                             Products Group (January
                                                                             1990 -- January 1994)
Gregory L. Johnson.......................   49     Vice President and      Vice President and General Counsel
                                                     General Counsel         (since October 1983)
Richard W. Keelty........................   54     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1996); Vice President, Public
                                                                             Affairs, (since December 1995);
                                                                             Vice President, Public Relations
                                                                             (November 1990 -- November 1995)
Joseph E. Lynch..........................   44     Vice President and      Vice President and Controller
                                                     Controller              (since June 1995); Comptroller,
                                                                             American Home Products
                                                                             Corporation (March 1995 -- June
                                                                             1995); Director, Corporate
                                                                             Accounting, American Cyanamid
                                                                             Company (April 1991 -- March
                                                                             1995); Controller, Latin
                                                                             American Group, American
                                                                             Cyanamid Company (March
                                                                             1988 -- April 1991)
F. Phillip Milhomme......................   59     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1992); President, Confectionery
                                                                             Products, Europe/Middle
                                                                             East/Africa (since December
                                                                             1994); President, Consumer
                                                                             Products, Europe (January
                                                                             1992 -- December 1994);
                                                                             President, Middle
                                                                             East/Africa/Europe (September
                                                                             1989  -- December 1991)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       12
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       POSITIONS AND             PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                        OFFICES HELD                 AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE       WITH REGISTRANT             DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    ----------------------  ----------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                     <C>
S. Morgan Morton.........................   56     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1994); President, Warner
                                                                             Wellcome Consumer Healthcare
                                                                             U.S.A. (since December 1995);
                                                                             President, Shaving Products
                                                                             Group (September 1993 --
                                                                             December 1995); President,
                                                                             Schick (January 1992 --
                                                                             September 1993); President,
                                                                             Warner-Lambert Canada (January
                                                                             1988 -- January 1992)
Harold F. Oberkfell......................   49     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1992); President, Latin
                                                                             America/Asia Sector (since
                                                                             February 1995); President,
                                                                             Parke-Davis, North America
                                                                             (January 1992 -- February 1995);
                                                                             Vice President, Parke-Davis
                                                                             Marketing and Sales (July
                                                                             1986 -- December 1991)
Joseph E. Smith..........................   56     Vice President          Vice President (since January
                                                                             1994); Chairman, Tetra Group
                                                                             (since August 1995); President,
                                                                             Shaving Products Group (since
                                                                             December 1995); Vice President,
                                                                             External Relations (January
                                                                             1994 -- December 1995);
                                                                             Executive Vice President
                                                                             (January 1991 -- January 1994);
                                                                             President, Pharmaceutical Sector
                                                                             (January 1992 -- January 1994);
                                                                             President, Parke-Davis Group
                                                                             (March 1989 -- December 1991)
Fred G. Weiss............................   54     Vice President          Vice President (since August
                                                                             1982); Vice President, Planning,
                                                                             Investment and Development
                                                                             (since August 1983)
Anthony H. Wild, Ph.D....................   47     Vice President          Vice President (since September
                                                                             1995); President, Parke-Davis,
                                                                             North America (since February
                                                                             1995); President,
                                                                             Schering-Plough-Japan,
                                                                             Schering-Plough Corporation
                                                                             (August 1989 -- February 1995)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       13
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       POSITIONS AND             PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                        OFFICES HELD                 AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE       WITH REGISTRANT             DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    ----------------------  ----------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                     <C>
William S. Woodson.......................   61     Vice President and      Vice President and Treasurer
                                                     Treasurer               (since December 1991); Vice
                                                                             President, Finance, Novon
                                                                             Products Group (September
                                                                             1990 -- November 1991)
Rae G. Paltiel...........................   49     Secretary               Secretary (since February 1986)
</TABLE>
 
     All of the above-mentioned officers, with  the exception of Mr. Craig,  Mr.
Lynch  and Dr.  Wild, have  been employed  by Warner-Lambert  for the  past five
years.
 
     Mr. Craig has  been employed by  Warner-Lambert since July  1995. Prior  to
that  time,  Mr.  Craig had  been  employed  by Kraft  Foods,  Inc.,  serving as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Kraft's Lender's Bagel Bakery  division
from  September  1986  to  February  1994.  Kraft  Foods,  Inc.,  a wholly-owned
subsidiary of  Philip Morris  Companies  Inc., is  a multinational  producer  of
packaged grocery products with sales of approximately $31 billion in 1994.
 
     Mr.  Lynch has  been employed by  Warner-Lambert since June  1995. Prior to
that time and during his last three months with American Cyanamid Company, which
was acquired by American Home Products  Corporation in November 1994, Mr.  Lynch
performed certain functions of Comptroller at American Home Products Corporation
from  March 1995 to June 1995. American  Home Products is a multinational health
care and food products company with sales of approximately $9.0 billion in 1994.
From April  1991  to  March 1995,  Mr.  Lynch  held the  position  of  Director,
Corporate  Accounting, American  Cyanamid Company and  from March  1988 to April
1991 he served as Controller of  American Cyanamid's Latin America Group.  Prior
to  being  acquired by  American  Home Products  Corporation,  American Cyanamid
Company was a multinational medical and agricultural products company with sales
of approximately $4.2 billion in 1993.
 
     Dr. Wild has been employed by Warner-Lambert since February 1995. Prior  to
that  time,  Dr. Wild  had been  employed  by Schering-Plough  Corporation. From
August 1989  to  February 1995,  Dr.  Wild held  the  position of  President  of
Schering-Plough-Japan. Schering-Plough Corporation, a multinational
pharmaceutical company, had sales of approximately $4.7 billion in 1994.
 
     None of the above officers has any family relationship with any Director or
with  any other officer.  Officers are elected  by the Board  of Directors for a
term of office lasting until the next annual organizational meeting of the Board
of Directors  or until  their  successors are  elected  and have  qualified.  No
officer  listed above was appointed pursuant to any arrangement or understanding
between such  officer  and the  Board  of Directors  or  any member  or  members
thereof.
 
                                       14
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
 
     The principal market on which the Company's stock is traded is the New York
Stock  Exchange,  but the  stock  is also  listed  and traded  on  the following
domestic and international stock exchanges: Chicago, Pacific, London and Zurich.
Shareholders of record  totaled approximately  41,000 as of  December 31,  1995.
Cash  dividends paid in 1995 totaled $351  million. A dividend of $.65 per share
was paid in each quarter  of 1995 for an annual  total of $2.60 per share.  This
was  a 7 percent increase over the prior  year total of $2.44 per share, paid in
four quarterly dividends  of $.61  per share  during 1994.  The information  set
forth under the caption 'Market Prices of Common Stock and Dividends' on page 42
of the Warner-Lambert 1995 Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
 
     The information set forth under the caption 'Five -Year Summary of Selected
Financial  Data'  on  page  26  of  the  Warner-Lambert  1995  Annual  Report is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.
 
     The information set  forth under the  caption 'Management's Discussion  and
Analysis'  on pages 43  through 47 of  the Warner-Lambert 1995  Annual Report is
incorporated herein by  reference and  should be  read in  conjunction with  the
consolidated  financial statements and  the notes thereto  contained on pages 27
through 41 of the Warner-Lambert 1995 Annual Report.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
 
     The  consolidated   financial   statements  of   Warner-Lambert   and   its
subsidiaries,  listed in  Item 14(a)1  and included  in the  Warner-Lambert 1995
Annual Report at pages 27 through 40, together with the report thereon of  Price
Waterhouse  LLP dated  January 22,  1996 on page  41 of  the Warner-Lambert 1995
Annual  Report,  and  quarterly  financial   information  on  page  42  of   the
Warner-Lambert 1995 Annual Report, are incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       15



<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
 
     The  required  information  relating to  the  Warner-Lambert  Directors and
nominees is  incorporated  herein by  reference  to pages  3  through 9  of  the
Warner-Lambert Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on  April 23, 1996. Information relating to executive officers of Warner-Lambert
is set forth in  Part I of this  Form 10-K on pages  11 through 14.  Information
relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
is  contained in  the Proxy Statement,  referred to  above, at page  11 and such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
 
     Information relating to  executive compensation is  contained in the  Proxy
Statement,  referred  to above  in  Item 10,  at pages  13  through 26  and such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
 
     (a) Information  relating to  the beneficial  ownership of  more than  five
percent  of Warner-Lambert's Common  Stock is contained  in the Proxy Statement,
referred to above in Item  10, at page 11  and such information is  incorporated
herein by reference.
 
     (b)  Information relating to security  ownership of management is contained
in the Proxy Statement, referred to above in Item 10, at pages 10 through 11 and
such information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       16
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
 
(a) 1. ALL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
       The following  items are  included  in Part  II  of this  report  through
       incorporation  by reference to pages 27  through 41 of the Warner-Lambert
       1995 Annual Report:
 
               Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years  in
               the period ended December 31, 1995.
 
               Consolidated  Statements  of Retained  Earnings  for each  of the
               three years in the period ended December 31, 1995.
 
               Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1995 and 1994.
 
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years
               in the period ended December 31, 1995.
 
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
               Report of Independent Accountants.
 
    2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
 
       Included in Part IV of this report:
 
             Report of Independent Accountants on Financial Statement Schedule.
 
             Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.
 
      Schedules other  than those  listed  above are  omitted because  they  are
      either  not  applicable or  the required  information is  included through
      incorporation by reference to  pages 27 through  41 of the  Warner-Lambert
      1995 Annual Report.
 
    3. EXHIBITS
 
        (3) Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.
 
          (a) Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation of  Warner-Lambert Company
              filed  November  10,   1972,  as   amended  to   April  24,   1990
              (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Current Report on
              Form 8-K, dated April 24, 1990 (File No. 1-3608)).
 
          (b) By-Laws of Warner-Lambert Company, as amended to October 25,  1988
              (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on
              Form  10-Q  for the  quarter ended  September  30, 1988  (File No.
              1-3608)).
 
       (4) Instruments  defining  the  rights  of  security  holders,  including
       indentures.
 
          (a)  Rights  Agreement, dated as  of June 28, 1988,  and amended as of
               June 27, 1989, between  Warner-Lambert Company and First  Chicago
               Trust  Company  of New  York,  as Rights  Agent  (Incorporated by
               reference to Warner-Lambert's Registration Statement on Form 8-A,
               dated June 28,  1988, as amended  by Form 8,  dated July 5,  1989
               (File No. 1-3608)).
 
          (b)  Warner-Lambert agrees to furnish to the Commission, upon request,
               a  copy of  each instrument with  respect to  issues of long-term
               debt of  Warner-Lambert.  The  principal amount  of  debt  issues
               authorized  under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the
               total assets of Warner-Lambert.
 
       (10) Material contracts.
 

<TABLE>
          <S>    <C>
           (a)*   Warner-Lambert Company 1983 Stock Option Plan,  as amended to November 26, 1991  (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
</TABLE>
 
                                       17
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
           <S>    <C>
           (b)*   Warner-Lambert  Company 1987 Stock Option Plan, as  amended to November 26, 1991 (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (c)*   Warner-Lambert Company  1989 Stock  Plan, as  amended to  November 26,  1991 (Incorporated  by
                  reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (d)*   Warner-Lambert  Company 1992  Stock Plan,  as amended to  September 27,  1994 (Incorporated by
                  reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended  September
                  30, 1994).
           (e)*   Warner-Lambert  Company  Incentive  Compensation  Plan,  as  amended  to  September  27,  1994
                  (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter
                  ended September 30, 1994).
           (f)*   Warner-Lambert Company Supplemental Pension Income Plan, as amended to November 28, 1995.
           (g)*   Group   Plan   Participation  by   Non-employee  Directors   (Incorporated  by   reference  to
                  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (h)*   Warner-Lambert Company Directors' Retirement Plan, as amended to June 1, 1995 (Incorporated by
                  reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q for the  quarter ended June  30,
                  1995).
           (i)*   Warner-Lambert  Excess  Savings Plan,  formerly Warner-Lambert  Supplemental Savings  Plan, as
                  amended to October 1, 1994 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on
                  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1994).
           (j)*   Warner-Lambert   Company  Executive  Severance   Plan,  as  amended   to  September  27,  1994
                  (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter
                  ended September 30, 1994).
           (k)*   Restricted  Stock Plan for Directors of Warner-Lambert Company, as amended to January 28, 1992
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (l)*   Employment  Agreement dated  September 24, 1985  between Warner-Lambert Company  and Melvin R.
                  Goodes, Chairman  of the  Board and  Chief Executive  Officer, as  amended to  August 1,  1991
                  (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended September 30, 1991).
           (m)*   Employment Agreement  effective  as of  August  1,  1991 between  Warner-Lambert  Company  and
                  Lodewijk  J. R. de Vink,  President and Chief Operating  Officer (Incorporated by reference to
                  Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991).
           (n)*   Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 1, 1991, between Warner-Lambert Company and Joseph
                  D. Williams, Director (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the  fiscal
                  year ended December 31, 1991).
           (o)*   Consulting   Arrangement  between  Warner-Lambert  Company   and  B.  Charles  Ames,  Director
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (p)    Global Principles Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1993, between Warner-Lambert Company and
                  Glaxo  Holdings plc (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for the fiscal
                  year ended December 31, 1993).
           (q)    Global Principles  Agreement, dated  December  17, 1993,  between Warner-Lambert  Company  and
                  Wellcome  plc (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form  10-K for  the fiscal year
                  ended December 31, 1993).
</TABLE>
 
      (12) Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
 
                                       18
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
      (13) Copy of the Warner-Lambert Company  Annual Report for the year  ended
           December  31, 1995.  Such report,  except for  those portions thereof
           which are expressly  incorporated by reference  herein, is  furnished
           solely  for the information of the Commission and is not to be deemed
           'filed' as part of this filing.
 
      (21) Subsidiaries of the registrant.
 
      (23) Consent of Independent Accountants.
 
      (27) Financial Data Schedule (EDGAR filing only).
 
- ------------
 
*  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be  filed
   as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 14(c).
 
(b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
    A  Current Report on Form  8-K, dated December 19,  1995, was filed with the
    Securities and Exchange  Commission in connection  with the announcement  of
    Warner-Lambert's  signing  of  a  letter of  intent  (i)  to  purchase Glaxo
    Wellcome plc's  interests  in  the  Warner-Wellcome  over-the-counter  joint
    venture  operations (formed in 1994 with  Wellcome plc) for a purchase price
    of $1.05  billion and  (ii) to  restructure Warner-Lambert's  joint  venture
    arrangements   with  Glaxo  Wellcome  to   market  Glaxo  Wellcome's  Rx  to
    over-the-counter switch  products,  which  will  include  Wellcome's  Rx  to
    over-the-counter products.
 
    Warner-Lambert  will furnish to  any holder of  its securities, upon request
    and at a reasonable cost, copies of the Exhibits listed in Item 14.
 
                                       19


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
  WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
 
     Our  audits of  the consolidated  financial statements  referred to  in our
report dated January 22, 1996 appearing on page 41 of the 1995 Annual Report  to
Shareholders  of Warner-Lambert Company (which report and consolidated financial
statements are incorporated  by reference in  this Annual Report  on Form  10-K)
also included an audit of the Financial Statement Schedule listed in Item 14(a)2
of  this Form 10-K.  In our opinion, this  Financial Statement Schedule presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
 
                                          PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
 
4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey
January 22, 1996
 
                                       20


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE II
 
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995, 1994 AND 1993
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  ADDITIONS
                                                    BALANCE AT    CHARGED TO    ADJUSTMENTS TO                  BALANCE
                                                    BEGINNING     COSTS AND     SHAREHOLDERS'                   AT END
                   DESCRIPTION                       OF YEAR       EXPENSES         EQUITY        DEDUCTIONS    OF YEAR
- -------------------------------------------------   ----------    ----------    --------------    ----------    -------
                                                                           (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
 
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>           <C>               <C>           <C>
Year ended December 31, 1995:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts.............     $ 21.8        $  4.3          $   --          $  5.4       $20.7
     Allowance for deferred tax assets (a).......       44.6            --              --             7.6        37.0
     Unrealized fair market value adjustment for
       'available for sale' securities (b).......        2.9            --           (11.2)             --        (8.3)
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
                                                      $ 69.3        $  4.3          $(11.2)         $ 13.0       $49.4
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
Year ended December 31, 1994:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts.............     $ 20.5        $  4.4          $   --          $  3.1       $21.8
     Allowance for deferred tax assets (c).......       61.9          14.9              --            32.2        44.6
     Unrealized fair market value adjustment for
       'available for sale' securities (b).......         --            --             2.9              --         2.9
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
                                                      $ 82.4        $ 19.3          $  2.9          $ 35.3       $69.3
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
Year ended December 31, 1993:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts.............     $ 18.6        $  2.9          $   --          $  1.0       $20.5
     Allowance for deferred tax assets (d).......         --          61.9              --              --        61.9
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
                                                      $ 18.6        $ 64.8          $   --          $  1.0       $82.4
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
                                                    ----------    ----------       -------        ----------    -------
 
- ------------
<FN>
 (a) Deductions in 1995 are due to improved profitability in European operations
     which  resulted in the  realization of some  deferred tax assets associated
     with the  1991 restructuring  (see Note  15 to  the consolidated  financial
     statements).  Certain prior year amounts  have been reclassified to conform
     with the current year presentation. As a result, $47.0 of the allowance for
     deferred tax assets was netted against the related asset.
 
 (b) Reflects fair market value adjustments for 'available for sale'  securities
     in  accordance with Statement of  Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
     115, 'Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities.'
 
 (c) Additions in  1994 primarily  represent  valuation allowances  for  foreign
     capital  loss  carryforwards.  Deductions  in  1994  are  primarily  due to
     improved profitability in European operations which resulted in realization
     of some of the deferred tax  assets associated with the 1991  restructuring
     (see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).
 
 (d) The  addition of  $61.9 reflects  $45.0 for the  adoption of  SFAS No. 109,
     'Accounting for Income Taxes,'  as of January 1,  1993, and $16.9 for  1993
     additions.  Valuation  allowances  as  of January  1,  1993  of  $45.0 were
     primarily related to the potential  inability to utilize foreign  operating
     loss  carryforwards and the  inability to realize  some deferred tax assets
     associated with the 1991  restructuring. During 1993, valuation  allowances
     increased  $16.9  principally due  to  the potential  inability  to realize
     deferred tax assets associated with the 1993 restructuring.

</FN>
</TABLE>
 
                                       21

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES
 
     PURSUANT  TO  THE REQUIREMENTS  OF SECTION  13 OR  15(d) OF  THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON
ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED.
 
                                          WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
                                               Registrant
 

Dated as of March 21, 1996              By      /s/ MELVIN R. GOODES
                                            ...................................
                                                    Melvin R. Goodes
                                                  Chairman of the Board
                                               and Chief Executive Officer
 
     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  THIS
REPORT  HAS  BEEN  SIGNED  BELOW  BY THE  FOLLOWING  PERSONS  ON  BEHALF  OF THE
REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATES INDICATED.
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                               <C>
                   /s/ MELVIN R. GOODES
By    ................................................
                      Melvin R. Goodes
                   Chairman of the Board
                and Chief Executive Officer
               (Principal Executive Officer)
                        and Director
 
                   /s/ ERNEST J. LARINI
By    ................................................
                      Ernest J. Larini
                  Vice President and Chief
                     Financial Officer
               (Principal Financial Officer)
 
                    /s/ JOSEPH E. LYNCH
By    ................................................
                      Joseph E. Lynch
               Vice President and Controller
               (Principal Accounting Officer)           March 21, 1996
 
                   /s/ B. CHARLES AMES
By    ................................................
                 B. Charles Ames, Director
 
                   /s/ ROBERT N. BURT
By    ................................................
                  Robert N. Burt, Director
 
                    /s/ DONALD C. CLARK
By    ................................................
                 Donald C. Clark, Director
 
                 /s/ LODEWIJK J. R. DE VINK
By    ................................................
              Lodewijk J. R. de Vink, Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       22
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                               <C>
                    /s/ JOHN A. GEORGES
By    ................................................
                 John A. Georges, Director
 
                   /s/ WILLIAM H. GRAY III
By    ................................................
               William H. Gray III, Director
 
                   /s/ WILLIAM R. HOWELL
By    ................................................
                William R. Howell, Director
 
                 /s/ LASALLE D. LEFFALL, JR.
By    ................................................
          LaSalle D. Leffall, Jr., M.D., Director
 
                 /s/ PATRICIA SHONTZ LONGE
By    ................................................
           Patricia Shontz Longe, Ph.D., Director       March 21, 1996
 
                     /s/ ALEX J. MANDL
By    ................................................
                  Alex J. Mandl, Director
 
                   /s/ LAWRENCE G. RAWL
By    ................................................
                 Lawrence G. Rawl, Director
 
                  /s/ MICHAEL I. SOVERN
By    ................................................
                Michael I. Sovern, Director
 
                   /s/ JOSEPH D. WILLIAMS
By    ................................................
                Joseph D. Williams, Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       23

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                              STATEMENT OF DIFFERENCES
                              ------------------------

The trademark symbol shall be expressed as 'tm'
The registered trademark symbol shall be expressed as 'r'
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- ------                             -----------------------
 
<S>       <C>   <C>
  (3)     Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.
          (a)   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Warner-Lambert Company filed November 10, 1972, as amended
                to  April 24, 1990 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
                April 24, 1990 (File No. 1-3608)).
          (b)   By-Laws of Warner-Lambert Company,  as amended to  October 25, 1988  (Incorporated by reference  to
                Warner-Lambert's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended September 30, 1988 (File No.
                1-3608)).
  (4)     Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures.
          (a)   Rights Agreement,  dated  as  of  June  28,  1988,  and  amended  as  of  June  27,  1989,  between
                Warner-Lambert  Company and First Chicago Trust Company  of New York, as Rights Agent (Incorporated
                by reference  to Warner-Lambert's  Registration Statement  on Form  8-A, dated  June 28,  1988,  as
                amended by Form 8, dated July 5, 1989 (File No. 1-3608)).
          (b)   Warner-Lambert  agrees to furnish to  the Commission, upon request, a  copy of each instrument with
                respect to  issues  of long-term  debt  of Warner-Lambert.  The  principal amount  of  debt  issues
                authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of Warner-Lambert.
 (10)     Material contracts.
          (a)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1983 Stock  Option Plan, as  amended to November  26, 1991 (Incorporated by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (b)   Warner-Lambert Company 1987 Stock  Option Plan, as  amended to November  26, 1991 (Incorporated  by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (c)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1989 Stock Plan, as amended to November 26, 1991 (Incorporated by reference
                to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (d)   Warner-Lambert Company 1992 Stock Plan, as amended to September 27, 1994 (Incorporated by reference
                to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1994).
          (e)   Warner-Lambert Company Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended to September 27, 1994  (Incorporated
                by  reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
                1994).
          (f)   Warner-Lambert Company Supplemental Pension Income Plan, as amended to November 28, 1995.
          (g)   Group Plan Participation by Non-employee  Directors (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's
                Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (h)   Warner-Lambert  Company Directors'  Retirement Plan,  as amended to  June 1,  1995 (Incorporated by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1995).
          (i)   Warner-Lambert Excess Savings Plan, formerly  Warner-Lambert Supplemental Savings Plan, as  amended
                to October 1, 1994 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                the quarter ended September 30, 1994).
          (j)   Warner-Lambert  Company Executive Severance Plan, as amended to September 27, 1994 (Incorporated by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q for the  quarter ended September  30,
                1994).
          (k)   Restricted  Stock Plan  for Directors  of Warner-Lambert  Company, as  amended to  January 28, 1992
                (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for the fiscal  year ended December  31,
                1991).
          (l)   Employment  Agreement dated September 24, 1985 between Warner-Lambert Company and Melvin R. Goodes,
                Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer, as amended  to August 1, 1991 (Incorporated  by
                reference  to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q for the  quarter ended September 30,
                1991).
          (m)   Employment Agreement effective as of August 1, 1991 between Warner-Lambert Company and Lodewijk  J.
                R.  de Vink, President and  Chief Operating Officer (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's
                Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991).
          (n)   Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 1,  1991, between Warner-Lambert Company and Joseph  D.
                Williams,  Director (Incorporated by  reference to Warner-Lambert's  Form 10-K for  the fiscal year
                ended December 31, 1991).
</TABLE>
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- ------                             -----------------------
 
<S>       <C>   <C>
          (o)   Consulting Arrangement between Warner-Lambert Company  and B. Charles Ames, Director  (Incorporated
                by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (p)   Global  Principles Agreement,  dated as  of December 10,  1993, between  Warner-Lambert Company and
                Glaxo Holdings plc (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for the fiscal  year
                ended December 31, 1993).
          (q)   Global  Principles Agreement, dated December 17,  1993, between Warner-Lambert Company and Wellcome
                plc (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
                1993).
 (12)     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
 (13)     Copy of the Warner-Lambert Company Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 1995. Such report,
          except for those portions thereof which are expressly incorporated by reference herein, is furnished
          solely for the information of the Commission and is not to be deemed 'filed' as part of this filing.
 (21)     Subsidiaries of the registrant.
 (23)     Consent of Independent Accountants.
 (27)     Financial Data Schedule (EDGAR filing only).

</TABLE>

<PAGE>


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(F)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
         --------------------------------------------------------------







                             WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY









                                      * * *










                        Supplemental Pension Income Plan

                         As Amended to November 28, 1995





<PAGE>
<PAGE>




                             WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY

                        SUPPLEMENTAL PENSION INCOME PLAN


                                    ARTICLE I

                                     Purpose

        SECTION 1.1. There is hereby established a Supplemental Pension Income
Plan in order to attract and hold officers and key employees in senior
managerial and other important positions with the Company and its Affiliates by
providing such executives compensation in the form of supplemental pension and
retirement income in amounts reasonably related to their compensation and the
length of their service with the Company.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                   Definitions

        SECTION 2.1. Whenever used herein, unless the context otherwise
indicates, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth
below:

               Affiliate: any person directly or indirectly controlling,
        controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with another
        Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such
        Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause
        the direction of the management and policies of such other Person,
        whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
        otherwise.

               Average Final Compensation: the total amount of an Employee's
        Compensation for the three calendar years during which his Compensation
        was the highest of the five year period of Service ending with his
        Retirement Date, divided by 3. The determination of any currency
        exchange rate shall be made as of the Retirement Date.

               Average Final Salary: the total amount of an Employee's Salary
        for the three calendar years during which his salary was the highest of
        the five year period of Service ending with his Retirement Date, divided
        by 3. The determination of any currency exchange rate shall be made as
        of the Retirement Date.

               Basic Pension Income: the amount of annual pension
        benefits determined in accordance with Article V hereof.

                                            - 1 -


<PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Board of Directors: the Board of Directors of the
        Company or the Executive Committee thereof.

               Committee: the Committee authorized to administer the
        Plan pursuant to Article IX hereof.

               Company: Warner-Lambert Company, its predecessors, or
        any successor to it in ownership of substantially all of
        its assets, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise.

               Compensation: An Employee's Salary during the calendar year plus
        the amount, if any, allocated to the Employee as additional incentive
        compensation with respect to the preceding year pursuant to Section 3.4
        of the Warner- Lambert Company Incentive Compensation Plan, not
        including any amount allocated subject to restrictions dependent upon
        future per share earnings of the Company.

               Early Retirement Date: the first day of the calendar
        month coincident with or next following any date, prior to
        a Participant's Normal Retirement Date and on or after his
        55th birthday, on which his employment shall terminate.

               Employee: any person in the employ of the Company or
        its domestic Affiliates.

               Internal Revenue Code:  Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
        as amended.

               Normal Retirement Date: the first day of the calendar
        month coincident with or next following a Participant's
        65th birthday.

               Participant: a person who shall have met the require-
        ments for participation in the Retirement Plan as provided
        in Article III thereof and whose participation in the
        Retirement Plan shall not have terminated as provided in
        said Article.

               Pension Income Objective: the annual amount
        determined in accordance with Article IV hereof.

               Person: an individual, a partnership, a joint
        venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
        and a government or any department or agency thereof.

               Plan: the Supplemental Pension Income Plan as set
        forth herein and as amended from time to time.

               Postponed Retirement Date: the first day of the
        calendar month coincident with or next following any date,

                                      - 2 -


<PAGE>
<PAGE>



        subsequent to a Participant's Normal Retirement Date, on which his
        employment with the Company shall terminate.

               Retired Senior Executive: a person who has met the
        requirements of Article III or XIII, as the case may be.

               Retirement Date: an individual's Retirement Date
        shall be his Normal, Early or Postponed Retirement Date,
        whichever is coincident with or next follows his
        termination of Service.

               Retirement Plan: the Warner-Lambert Retirement Plan
        as in effect on the date hereof and as subsequently amended.

               Retirement Plan Benefit: the amount of the annual benefit that a
        Retired Senior Executive is eligible to receive under the Retirement
        Plan (determined without regard to the flat dollar benefit of Section 9
        of Article VI of the Retirement Plan) and under Article VII of this
        Plan, determined as of and commencing on his Retirement Date or, if
        greater, the amount of such benefit that he would have been eligible to
        receive if he had begun to participate in the Retirement Plan when he
        first became eligible to do so and thereafter neither voluntarily ceased
        to make contributions to, nor elected a refund of contributions under,
        the Retirement Plan.

               Salary: effective January 1, 1990, an Employee's
        annualized basic rate of remuneration as of the first day
        of the calendar year for services performed for the
        Company or its Affiliates,  excluding any bonuses or other
        compensation.

               Salary/Age Minimum: a number, representing the combination of
        Salary, expressed in $1,000 units, and age required for eligibility for
        a Supplemental Pension Income, which shall equal 200 on the effective
        date of the Plan. For each calendar year subsequent to calendar year
        1975, the Salary/Age Minimum shall equal

                      (i)  the Salary/Age Minimum for the preceding
               year; plus or minus

                      (ii) one-fourth of the percentage increase or decrease in
               the Bureau of Labor Statistics Consumer Price Index for Urban
               Wage Earners and Clerical Workers: U.S. City Average, All Items,
               1967=100, for such preceding year multiplied by the difference
               between such preceding year's Salary/Age Minimum and 65.


                                      - 3 -


<PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Service: a period of service with the Company or its
        Affiliates determined in accordance with service rules
        applicable to the Retirement Plan in effect at the time
        when the determination shall be made.

               Spouse's Supplemental Pension Income: the annual
        amount of benefits to be paid to a Surviving Spouse under
        Article VI hereof.

               Supplemental Pension Income: the annual amount of
        benefits to be paid to a Retired Senior Executive under
        Article VI hereof.

               Supplemental Retirement Plan Income: the benefits to
        be paid to a Participant (or his spouse, contingent
        annuitant or other person) under Article VII hereof.

               Surviving Spouse: the person to whom an Employee or Retired
        Senior Executive was married on the date of his death if the marriage
        occurred (a) on or before the date on which the Retired Senior
        Executive's retirement income shall have commenced or (b) at least one
        year prior to the death of the Employee who dies prior to commencing
        receipt of benefits.

                                   ARTICLE III

                   Eligibility for Supplemental Pension Income

        SECTION 3.1. An Employee shall be eligible to receive a Supplemental
Pension Income in an amount determined in accordance with Article VI hereof if
he meets the following requirements as of his Early or Normal Retirement Date:

               (a)  he has attained age fifty-five (55) or, for
        executives hired on or after January 1, 1996, age sixty-two (62);

               (b)  he has completed at least five (5) years of
        Service;

               (c)  the sum of his Average Final Salary divided by
        $1,000 plus his age in years equals or exceeds the
        Salary/Age Minimum;

               (d)  he is not entitled to receive Equity Annuity
        Retirement Income pursuant to Article VII of the
        Retirement  Plan;

               (e)  he is at salary grade 17 or higher; and

               (f) if his employment with the Company terminates on an Early
        Retirement Date prior to age 62, the Committee has approved his
        eligibility.

        SECTION 3.2. The Committee, acting within its discretion, may designate
an Employee who meets all of the requirements of


                                       4

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Section 3.1 hereof as of his Early or Normal  Retirement  Date except (c) and/or
(e) as being eligible to receive a Supplemental Pension Income provided:

               (a) with respect to Section 3.1(c), the sum referred to therein
        equals or exceeds 90% of the Salary/Age Minimum as of his Early or
        Normal Retirement Date; and

               (b) with respect to Section 3.1(e), the Employee was at salary
        grade 17 or higher during at least 24 months of the five year period of
        Service ending with his Early or Normal Retirement Date.

        SECTION 3.3. For the purposes of Section 3.1 and Section 3.2, an
Employee whose Service is terminated by his death shall be deemed to have
retired immediately prior to the date of his death. If he would have qualified
as a Retired Senior Executive at that time, his Surviving Spouse, if any, shall
be eligible for a Spouse's Supplemental Pension Income in accordance with
Section 6.2.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                            Pension Income Objective

        SECTION 4.1. For each Retired Senior Executive whose employment 
terminates on a Normal or Postponed Retirement Date, his Pension Income 
Objective shall be:

               (a)  Executives Hired Before January 1, 1996:

                      (i)  3.36% for each year of his Service after he
                      attains age 45, up to 10 years; plus

                      (ii) 2.24% for each year of his Service after he attains
                      age 45, in excess of 10 and up to 20 years times his
                      Average Final Compensation. No period of Service after
                      Normal Retirement Date shall be taken into account in
                      determining a Pension Income Objective, except as
                      otherwise required by law.

               A person is considered to have attained age 45 on the first day
               on the month coincident with or next following his 45th birthday.

               (b)  Executives Hired On Or After January 1, 1996

                      The Pension Income Objective shall be determined in
                      accordance with the schedule attached hereto as Appendix
                      I.


                                       5

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


        SECTION 4.2. For each Retired Senior Executive hired before January 1,
1996 whose employment with the Company terminates on an Early Retirement Date, a
Pension Income Objective shall be calculated in the amount provided in Section
4.1 hereof, reduced by the amount obtained by multiplying the sum of:

               (i) 6% for each year, if any, between the date payments commence
               under this Plan and his 60th birthday; plus

               (ii) 3% for each year, if any, between the later of the date
               payments commence under this Plan or his 60th birthday and his
               62nd birthday.

        SECTION 4.3. Periods of Service of less than a year shall be included in
the calculations required by this Article IV as the number of months in such
period divided by 12. Credit shall be given for each month through the first of
the month coincident with or next following the completion of such period.

                                    ARTICLE V

                              Basic Pension Income

        SECTION 5.1. For each Retired Senior Executive there shall be computed a
Basic Pension Income as of his Retirement Date. The Basic Pension Income shall
equal the sum of the amounts of annual pension benefit determined in accordance
with Section 5.2 or Section 5.3, whichever is applicable.

        SECTION 5.2. The Basic Pension Income for each Retired Senior Executive
whose employment with the Company terminates on a Normal or Postponed Retirement
Date shall be the sum of the following amounts determined as of his Normal
Retirement Date and converted as hereinafter described:

               (a) his Retirement Plan Benefit;

               (b) the amount of any pension benefit that he is eligible to
               receive or has previously received under a pension plan
               maintained by any Affiliate of the Company or any other company;

               (c) for executives hired on or after January 1, 1996, the pension
               equivalent of the amount of the company provided benefit that he
               is eligible to receive or has previously received under a defined
               contribution plan maintained by any Affiliate of the Company or
               any other company if such plan is the primary retirement income
               plan of such company;

               (d) the amount of any annual pension benefit that he is eligible
               to receive or has previously received under the Social Security
               Act or would be eligible to


                                       6

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


               receive if he were to realize no net earnings from self-
               employment and no wages for services rendered after his
               Retirement  Date;

               (e) the amount of any pension, retirement income, severance or
               termination pay (or similar benefit) that he is eligible to
               receive or has previously received which is required under the
               law of any country other than the United States of America or
               under the law of any territory or possession of the United
               States of America; and

               (f) the amount of any other pension benefit that he is eligible
               to receive or has previously received under any other pension
               plan, contract or program, including a pension plan established
               by the Retired Senior Executive with respect to periods of
               self-employment.

        Amounts of Basic Pension Income shall be determined before any reduction
which may have resulted from an election by the Retired Senior Executive to
receive a lump-sum benefit in lieu of a pension benefit, whether or not related
to his own contributions. The amount of any annual pension benefit payments
which commence prior or subsequent to Normal Retirement Date shall be determined
as if the payment of such benefits commenced on Normal Retirement Date
irrespective of the date on which the pension actually commenced. The amount of
any annual pension (not including Section 5.2(d) amounts) determined at Normal
Retirement Date other than on the basis of a single life annuity for a Retired
Senior Executive who is not married or on a 50% joint and survivor basis for a
Retired Senior Executive who is married shall be converted actuarially to a
pension payable on such basis, respectively, using the actuarial assumptions
specified in Section 7 of Appendix B of the Retirement Plan.

        Any amount of Basic Pension Income which is payable from a plan under
which the normal form of benefit is not a pension benefit shall be converted
using the actuarial assumptions specified in Section 7 of Appendix B of the
Retirement Plan to a pension payable at age 65 on the basis of a single life
annuity for a Participant who is not married or on a 50% joint and survivor
basis for a Participant who is married. The conversion shall be based upon the
age of the person and value of such benefit when the executive terminated
employment with the company maintaining such plan.

        For purposes of this Article V, the marital status of a Retired Senior
Executive shall be determined at the Retirement Date and the actual date of
birth of the current spouse will be used.

        The determination of any currency exchange rate for any amount of Basic
Pension Income payable in other than U.S.


                                       7

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


dollars shall be made at the last day of the second month preceding the
Retirement Date. If the exchange rate on such date is not representative of the
exchange rate in effect over a representative period, then the Company may
select an average exchange rate in effect over a representative period of time.

        SECTION 5.3. The Basic Pension Income for a Retired Senior Executive who
terminates employment on an Early Retirement Date shall be the sum of the
amounts of annual pension benefits listed in Section 5.2 hereof, determined as
if the payment of such benefits commenced on the Retired Senior Executive's
Normal Retirement Date. Each component of Basic Pension Income shall be
actuarially reduced (based upon the factors of the plan under which the benefit
is being provided or, if such factors are not available or applicable, under the
factors applicable to the Retirement Plan in effect on the Retirement Date) to
the later of the Early Retirement Date or the earliest date such pension
benefits are actually available. In the event that the payment of any annual
pension benefit listed in Section 5.2 hereof shall first become available on a
date following the Early Retirement Date of such Retired Senior Executive, the
amount of such annual pension benefit shall be included in the Basic Pension
Income of such Retired Senior Executive only from and after the first date on
which the benefit is available. As applied to Social Security benefits, the
preceding sentence shall be applied to a Retired Senior Executive (1) whose
Retirement Date is prior to age 62 by estimating the amount of Social Security
benefits that will be available at age 62 based upon the law in effect at the
Retirement Date, with such amount being included in the Basic Pension Income of
such Retired Senior Executive commencing at age 62, and (2) whose Retirement
Date is at or after age 62 by including the amount of Social Security benefits
available at the Retirement Date based on the law in effect at such Retirement
Date in the Basic Pension Income of the Retired Senior Executive commencing at
the Retirement Date.

        SECTION 5.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments to or other amounts
realized by the Retired Senior Executive pursuant to a deferred compensation
agreement, a profit sharing plan (except as provided in Section 5.2(c) hereof),
a stock option or alternate stock plan or any other incentive compensation plan
or agreement shall not be included in computing his Basic Pension Income.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                           Supplemental Pension Income

        SECTION 6.1. There shall be paid to each Retired Senior Executive who
commences payment of benefits hereunder, a Supplemental Pension Income which
shall be an annual amount


                                       8

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

equal to the excess, if any, of his Pension Income Objective computed in
accordance with Article IV hereof over his Basic Pension Income computed in
accordance with Article V hereof, except as provided in Section 6.2.

        SECTION 6.2. With respect to executives hired by the Company on or after
January 1, 1996, the Pension Income Objective based upon service (as provided in
Section 4.1(b)) shall be reduced by another employer's benefit in accordance
with Section 5.2(b) only to the extent that total annual pension income from all
sources (including this Plan) exceeds the maximum objective set forth in
Appendix I for the age at which the executive terminates employment with the
Company.

        SECTION 6.3. If a Retired Senior Executive shall die survived by a
Surviving Spouse, such Surviving Spouse shall be paid a Spouse's Supplemental
Pension Income which shall be an amount equal to one-half of the amount of the
Supplemental Pension Income which otherwise would have been payable to the
Retired Senior Executive.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                        Supplemental Retirement Plan Income

        SECTION 7.1. There shall be paid to each Participant (or his spouse,
contingent annuitant or other person), in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof, a
Supplemental Retirement Plan Income which shall be the additional amount which
would have been payable to him or her from the Retirement Plan if the
limitations of the Internal Revenue Code were not applicable. For this purpose,
the limitations of the Internal Revenue Code include, but are not limited to,
Sections 415, 401(a)(17) and 401(a)(4), and therefore, this Section 7.1 shall
include, but not be limited to, the additional amount that would be payable to
him or her if Compensation as defined in the Retirement Plan was to include
deferred annual bonuses (but not long term bonuses) and Compensation in excess
of $150,000 (as adjusted)).

        SECTION 7.2. Payment of Supplemental Retirement Plan Income to a
Participant or to his spouse, contingent annuitant or other person shall be
governed by the provisions of the Retirement Plan in all respects (including
payment commencement date), except that any amounts otherwise payable as Equity
Annuity Retirement Income as referred to in Article VII of the Retirement Plan
shall be payable hereunder as Dollar Annuity Retirement Income as referred to in
Article VI of the Retirement Plan.

                                ARTICLE VIII

                               Absence of Funding


                                       9

<PAGE>
<PAGE>




        SECTION 8.1. The sole obligation of the Company hereunder to a Retired
Senior Executive, Surviving Spouse, Participant, or any other person claiming
through or under any such individual, is a contractual obligation to make
payments in accordance with the terms hereof. No amount of cash or other
property shall be set aside as a separate trust for the payment of any
Supplemental Pension Income or Supplemental Retirement Plan Income under the
Plan, except that the Company may, in its sole discretion, establish a trust for
the purpose of paying benefits under the Plan, the assets of which shall remain
subject to the claims of the general creditors of the Company in the event of
the Company's bankruptcy or insolvency, in accordance with the provisions of any
such trust. Any amounts payable under the Plan shall be paid by the Company
directly only out of the general assets of the Company, or shall be paid from
such a trust.

        SECTION 8.2. No Retired Senior Executive or other Employee shall
acquire, or otherwise be vested with, any rights under Article VI of the Plan
prior to his Retirement Date.


        SECTION 8.3. Participation in the Plan shall not confer upon any
Employee the right to remain in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates, and
the right and power of the Company or its Affiliates to dismiss or discharge any
Employee is specifically reserved.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                 Administration

        SECTION 9.1. The Plan shall be administered by a Committee of not
less than three members to be appointed by the Board of Directors from among
its own members, none of whom shall be Employees. The membership
of the Committee may be reduced, changed or increased from time to time in
the absolute discretion of the Board of Directors. The Committee shall
select a Chairman from among its members and designate any person as
Secretary, who need not be a member of the Committee and who may be an Employee.
The Secretary shall keep all records of meetings of the Committee and of any
actions taken by the Committee. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a
quorum and the decision of a majority of the members of the Committee present at
any meeting at which a quorum is present, expressed from time to time by a vote
at a meeting (including a meeting held by telephone conference call or in which
one or more members of the Committee participate by telephone), or the decision
of a majority of the members expressed in writing without a meeting, shall
govern and control the exercise of the authority of the Committee.


                                       10

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


        SECTION 9.2. The Committee shall have full discretionary power to
construe and interpret the Plan, to determine any and all questions arising
under the Plan, including the right to remedy possible ambiguities,
inconsistencies and omissions, and to establish and amend rules and regulations
for its administration. All such determinations, constructions, interpretations,
rules and regulations made pursuant to this Section 9.2 shall be conclusive and
binding upon all Employees and on all persons claiming under or through any
Employee.

        SECTION 9.3. The Committee shall determine, within its discretion, the
actuarial methods and assumptions to be used in determining any amount payable
under the Plan. The Committee may rely on the advice of such independent
actuaries or other persons as it may deem proper in making such determination.

        SECTION 9.4. No member of the Board of Directors or of the Committee
shall be liable for any act or action, whether of commission or omission, taken
by any other member, or by any officer, agent or employee or by any investment
advisor or financial institution appointed by any such person; nor, except in
circumstances involving his bad faith, for anything done or omitted to be done
by himself.

        SECTION 9.5. The Committee may require, as a condition to the payment of
any amounts under this Plan, that a Retired Senior Executive or Surviving Spouse
disclose such information as the Committee shall deem necessary to determine the
Basic Pension Income of such Retired Senior Executive. All such information
shall be held in confidence by the Committee. In the event that the Committee
shall determine that all such necessary information shall not have been
provided, it shall redetermine the Basic Pension Income and the amount of the
Supplemental Pension Income to be paid thereafter, and it may, on a finding of
an intentional omission or misrepresentation by a Retired Senior Executive or
Surviving Spouse, reduce subsequent payments by the amount of any such prior
payments in excess of amounts actually due or terminate payments under the Plan
to such Retired Senior Executive or Surviving Spouse.

                                    ARTICLE X

                Manner of Payment of Supplemental Pension Income

        SECTION 10.1. An amount equal to one-twelfth of the Supplemental Pension
Income shall be paid to a Retired Senior Executive commencing on the date
payments begin from the Retirement Plan and on the first day of each calendar
month thereafter, but not after the first day of the calendar month in which the
Retired Senior Executive shall die.

        SECTION 10.2. An amount equal to one-twelfth of the


                                       11

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Spouse's Supplemental Pension Income provided in accordance with Section 6.2
hereof shall be paid to a Surviving Spouse on the first day of the calendar
month next following the month in which the Retired Senior Executive shall die,
and on the first day of each calendar month thereafter, but not after the first
day of the month in which the Surviving Spouse shall die.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                  Miscellaneous

        SECTION 11.1. Neither the establishment of this Plan, nor any
modification thereof, nor the payment of any benefits, shall be construed as
giving to any Employee, Participant, Retired Senior Executive, Surviving Spouse
or other person any legal or equitable right against the Company, or any officer
or employee thereof, except as herein provided. Under no circumstances shall the
terms of employment of any Employee, Participant, Retired Senior Executive or
any other person be modified or in any way affected thereby.

        SECTION 11.2. No benefit payable under the Plan shall, except as
otherwise specifically provided by law, be subject in any manner to
anticipation, alienation, attachment, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
encumbrance or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, attach, sell,
transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any such benefit shall be void, and
any such benefit shall not in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts,
contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person who shall be entitled
to such benefit, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or
against such person.

        SECTION 11.3. If any person entitled to a benefit hereunder shall be
adjudicated a bankrupt or shall attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer,
assign, pledge, encumber or charge such benefit, or if any attempt is made to
subject any such benefit to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or
torts of any person entitled to such benefit, then such benefit shall, in the
discretion of the Committee, cease and terminate, and in that event the
Committee may cause such benefit, or any part thereof, to be held or applied for
the benefit of such person, his spouse, children or other dependents, or any of
them, or other beneficiary, in such manner and in such proportion as the
Committee shall determine.

        SECTION 11.4. If, for any reason, the Committee shall determine that it
is not desirable because of the incapacity of the person who shall be entitled
to receive any payments hereunder, to make such payments directly to such
person, the Committee may apply such payment for the benefit of such person in
any way that the Committee shall deem advisable or may make


                                       12

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


any such payment to any third person who, in the judgment of the Committee, will
apply such payment for the benefit of the person entitled thereto. In the event
of such payment the Company and the Committee shall be discharged from all
further liability for such payment.

        SECTION 11.5. Each Retired Senior Executive shall, after his Retirement
Date, make himself available for such consultative and advisory services as the
Company may reasonably request, taking fairly into consideration the age,
health, residence, and individual circumstances of the Retired Senior Executive
and the total amount of his Supplemental Pension Income. If such Retired Senior
Executive shall unreasonably refuse to render such services, the Company's
obligation to make further payments under the Plan shall forthwith terminate.

        SECTION 11.6. This Plan shall be governed by the law of the State of New
Jersey (regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable New
Jersey principles of conflicts of laws).

        SECTION 11.7. Wherever any words are used herein in the masculine gender
they shall be construed as though they were also used in the feminine gender in
all cases where they would so apply, and wherever any words are used herein in
the singular form they shall be construed as though they were also used in the
plural form in all cases where they would so apply.

        SECTION 11.8. No loan shall be made by the Company to any person of any
amount of his benefit hereunder or of any amount the security for which is his
benefit hereunder.

        SECTION 11.9. Any benefit hereunder which is unclaimed, including
outstanding checks, may, as determined by the Committee, be forfeited.

                                   ARTICLE XII

                          Amendment and Effective Date

        SECTION 12.1. The Board of Directors shall have the right at any time or
from time to time to modify, amend or terminate the Plan in whole or in part;
provided, however, that no such modification, amendment or termination shall
reduce the amount of any benefits payable under the Plan on the date thereof;
and further provided, that following a Change in Control of the Company (as
defined in Section 13.2 hereof), no modification or amendment shall be made,
directly or indirectly, to the provisions of Article XIII hereof without the
consent of 90% of the individuals described therein.

        SECTION 12.2. Notwithstanding anything in Section 12.1 to


                                       13

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


the contrary, the Committee may adopt any amendment to the Plan which (a)(i)
does not increase Plan liabilities by an amount in excess of five million
dollars ($5,000,000) and does not increase Plan expense by an amount in excess
of five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000) or (ii) is required by an applicable
law, regulation or ruling, (b) can be undertaken by the Board of Directors under
the terms of the Plan, (c) does not involve a termination or suspension of the
Plan, and (d) does not affect the limitations contained in this sentence and
does not affect the composition or compensation of the Committee.

        SECTION 12.3. This document restates the Plan in its entirety, as
adopted by the Board of Directors, effective January 1, 1975, and as amended by
all amendments to the Plan since that date. In the case of Employees who
terminate employment with the Company after January 1, 1980, the determination
of Salary and Compensation for all years shall be in accordance with the terms
of the Plan as then in effect.

        SECTION 12.4 Subject to the restriction of Section 12.2 or action by the
Board of Directors or the Committee to the contrary, this Plan shall be deemed
amended or modified at the time of amendment or modification of the Retirement
Plan to the extent necessary to (i) provide consistency in the provisions of
this Plan and the Retirement Plan with respect to definitions and their related
operational provisions, and (ii) maintain the relationship between the benefits
provided by this Plan and the Retirement Plan. Amendments or modifications to
the Plan made pursuant to this section shall be effective as of the effective
date of the related amendment or modification to the Retirement Plan unless the
Board of Directors or Committee declare otherwise.

        SECTION 12.5. All actions, including Plan amendments, which are
undertaken by the Board of Directors or the Committee shall be authorized by a
duly adopted resolution approved by the respective body.

                                  ARTICLE XIII

                            Effect of Certain Events

        SECTION 13.1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Plan, the provisions set forth in this Section shall apply following a Change in
Control of the Company (as defined in Section 13.2 hereof):

               (a) an Employee shall be eligible to receive a Supplemental
               Pension Income in an amount determined in accordance with Article
               VI hereof if he was at salary grade 17 or higher prior to such
               Change in Control of the Company and an "Activation Event" (as
               defined in


                                       14

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


               the Executive Severance Plan) shall have occurred with
               respect to such Employee;

               (b)  the provisions of Sections 9.5 and 11.5 shall no
               longer apply; and

               (c) as soon as practicable after an Employee has satisfied the
               requirements set forth in (a) above (whether or not such Employee
               has terminated his Service), or with respect to a Retired Senior
               Executive, as soon as practicable upon such Change in Control of
               the Company, the Company shall furnish to such Employee or
               Retired Senior Executive (or, if applicable, his Surviving
               Spouse) a letter which acknowledges the right of such Employee or
               Retired Senior Executive (or Surviving Spouse) to receive, and
               the obligation of the Company to provide, benefits in accordance
               with the provisions of this Plan. The Company shall furnish a
               similar letter to each Participant (or his spouse, contingent
               annuitant or other person) who is receiving or is entitled to
               receive Supplemental Retirement Plan Income pursuant to Article
               VII hereof. The aforementioned letters shall constitute an
               enforceable contract with the Company.

        SECTION 13.2. For purposes hereof, a "Change in Control of the Company"
shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any person (as such term is used in
Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Act")) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 20%
or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding
securities, (ii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger,
consolidation, sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's
assets or plan of liquidation, or (iii) the composition of the Board of
Directors of Warner-Lambert Company (for purposes of this paragraph, the
"Board") at any time during any consecutive twenty-four (24) month period
changes such that the Continuity Directors (as hereinafter defined) cease for
any reason to constitute at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the Board. For
purposes of the foregoing clause (iii), "Continuity Directors" means those
members of the Board who either (a) were directors at the beginning of such
consecutive twenty-four (24) month period, or (b)(1) filled a vacancy during
such twenty-four (24) month period created by reason of (x) death, (y) a
medically determinable physical or mental impairment which renders the director
substantially unable to function as a director or (z) retirement at the last
mandatory retirement age in effect for at least two (2) years, and (2) were
elected, nominated or voted for by at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the
current directors


                                       15

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

who were also directors at the commencement of such twenty-four (24) month
period.

        SECTION 13.3. To the extent that implementation of the Warner-Lambert
Enhanced Severance Plan and the Warner-Lambert Executive Severance Plan requires
the accrual of amounts hereunder, this Plan is hereby amended to include such
amounts as Supplemental Retirement Plan Income under Article VII hereof.

                                   ARTICLE XIV

                                Lump Sum Payment

        SECTION 14.1. Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, in the event
that (x) an Employee receives a lump sum payment from the Retirement Plan in
lieu of all other benefits under such plan or (y) the benefit under this Plan
which is payable to the Employee is less than $50 per month at normal retirement
age or at any earlier date in which benefits are payable hereunder (regardless
of the amount payable to such employee from the Retirement Plan), then the
Employee shall receive a lump sum payment of the benefit which is payable from
this Plan with the amount thereof determined in accordance with Section 6 of
Appendix B of the Retirement Plan.


                                               WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY


                                       16



<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                                                      APPENDIX I

 
                           PENSION INCOME OBJECTIVES
               (FOR EXECUTIVES HIRED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1, 1996)
 
PENSION INCOME OBJECTIVE BASED ON SERVICE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AGE                                                  YEARS OF SERVICE
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        15 OR >      14        13        12        11        10         9         8         7         6         5

<S>     <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
65       56.0%      52.4%     48.8%     45.2%     41.6%     38.0%     34.4%     30.8%     27.2%     23.6%     20.0%
64       54.4%      51.2%     47.9%     44.5%     41.0%     37.6%     34.0%     30.4%     26.8%     23.3%     19.7%
63       52.8%      50.0%     46.9%     43.8%     40.5%     37.1%     33.6%     30.0%     26.5%     22.9%     19.4%
62       51.2%      48.8%     46.0%     43.0%     39.9%     36.7%     33.1%     29.6%     26.1%     22.6%     19.0%
</TABLE>
 


MAXIMUM ATTAINABLE PENSION INCOME OBJECTIVE BY RETIREMENT AGE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  RETIREMENT AGE               MAXIMUM OBJECTIVE
<S>                               <C>
      65                                56.0%
      64                                54.4%
      63                                52.8%
      62                                51.2%
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 12
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 12
 
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
               COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           ---------------------------------------------------
                                                             1995        1994       1993       1992      1991
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
                                                                          (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
 
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
Earnings before income taxes and accounting changes
  (less minority interests).............................   $1,018.6    $  913.1    $318.5     $858.2    $221.5
Add:
     Interest on indebtedness -- excluding amount
       capitalized......................................      122.7        93.7      64.2       80.8      58.2
     Amortization of debt expense.......................         .4          .4        .5         .6        .4
     Interest factor in rent expense(a).................       26.9        26.2      25.4       23.4      22.3
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
          Adjusted earnings.............................   $1,168.6    $1,033.4    $408.6     $963.0    $302.4
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
Fixed Charges:
     Interest on indebtedness...........................   $  122.7    $   93.7    $ 64.2     $ 80.8    $ 58.2
     Capitalized interest...............................       10.1         9.4       8.6        8.1       9.4
     Amortization of debt expense.......................         .4          .4        .5         .6        .4
     Interest factor in rent expense(a).................       26.9        26.2      25.4       23.4      22.3
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
          Total fixed charges...........................   $  160.1    $  129.7    $ 98.7     $112.9    $ 90.3
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges......................        7.3         8.0       4.1(b)     8.5       3.3(c)
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
                                                           --------    --------    ------     ------    ------
 
<FN>
 
 (a) Represents  one third  of rental expense,  which the Company  believes is a
     reasonable approximation.
 
 (b) The Company's ratio of earnings to  fixed charges for 1993 would have  been
     9.5 excluding the restructuring charges of $525.2 million.
 
 (c) The  Company's ratio of earnings to fixed  charges for 1991 would have been
     9.4 excluding the restructuring charge of $544.0 million.

</FN>

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>



<PAGE>

                     Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                  Five-year Summary of Selected Financial Data

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    1995         1994        1993        1992       1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
<S>                               <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>   
RESULTS FOR YEAR:
  Net sales                       $7,040       $6,417      $5,794      $5,598     $5,059
  Cost of goods sold               2,428        2,155       1,918       1,814      1,626
  Research and development
    expense                          501          456         465         473        423
  Income before income taxes,
    minority interests and
    accounting changes             1,149        1,005         318 (a)     860        223 (c)
  Income before accounting
    changes                          740          694         285 (a)     644        141 (c)
  Net income                         740          694         331 (a,b)   644         35 (c,d)
  Per common share:
    Income before accounting
      changes                       5.48         5.17        2.11 (a)    4.78       1.05 (c)
    Net income                      5.48         5.17        2.45 (a,b)  4.78        .26 (c,d)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR-END FINANCIAL POSITION:
  Current assets                  $2,778       $2,515      $2,219      $2,176     $1,844
  Current liabilities              2,425        2,353       2,016       1,333      1,250
  Working capital                    353          162         203         843        594
  Property, plant and
    equipment                      2,006        1,846       1,599       1,507      1,350
  Total assets                     6,101        5,533       4,828       4,077      3,602
  Long-term debt                     634          535         546         565        448
  Total debt                       1,529        1,460       1,199         736        576
  Shareholders' equity             2,246        1,816       1,390       1,528      1,171
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCK INFORMATION:
  Average number of common
    shares outstanding
    (in millions)                  135.0        134.1       135.0       134.7      134.4
  Common stock price per share:
      High                       $    98      $86 3/4     $76 3/8     $79 1/4    $82 1/4
      Low                         73 3/8           60      59 3/4      58 3/8     61 3/4
      Year-end                    97 1/8           77      67 1/2      69 1/8     77 5/8
  Book value per common share      16.56        13.50       10.36       11.29       8.70
  Cash dividends per
    common share                    2.60         2.44        2.28        2.04       1.76
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTHER DATA:
  Number of employees
    (in thousands)                    37           36          35          34         34
  Capital expenditures              $387         $406        $347        $334       $326
  Cash dividends paid                351          327         308         275        237
  Depreciation and amortization      202          181         170         156        135
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(a)  Includes a net restructuring charge of $525 pretax ($360 after tax or
     $2.67 per share).
(b)  Includes a credit of $63 or $.47 per share for the adoption of SFAS
     No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" and a charge of $17 after tax or
     $.13 per share to adopt SFAS No. 112,  "Employers' Accounting for
     Postemployment Benefits."
(c)  Includes a restructuring charge of $544 pretax ($418 after tax or $3.11
     per share).
(d)  Includes a charge of $106 after tax or $.79 per share to adopt SFAS
     No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
     Pensions."
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       26



<PAGE>
<PAGE>



                     Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                        Consolidated Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                 1995        1994        1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           (Dollars in millions,
                                         except per share amounts)

<S>                                  <C>         <C>         <C>     
Net sales                            $7,039.8    $6,416.8    $5,793.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Costs and expenses:
   Cost of goods sold                 2,427.5     2,155.1     1,918.1
   Marketing                          2,559.4     2,351.0     2,196.5
   Administrative and general           484.5       443.6       399.6
   Research and development             501.2       456.0       464.9
   Other (income) expense, net          (81.4)        5.8       (28.6)
   Restructuring                            -           -       525.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total costs and expenses       5,891.2     5,411.5     5,475.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before income taxes, minority
   interests and accounting changes   1,148.6     1,005.3       318.0
   Provision for income taxes           279.1       219.1        33.5
   Minority interests                   130.0        92.2         (.5)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before accounting changes        739.5       694.0       285.0
   Accounting changes, net of tax           -           -        46.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                           $  739.5    $  694.0    $  331.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Per common share:
   Income before accounting changes  $   5.48    $   5.17    $   2.11
   Accounting changes                       -           -         .34
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net income                        $   5.48    $   5.17    $   2.45
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

              Consolidated Statements of Retained Earnings
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                 1995        1994        1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           (Dollars in millions,
                                          except per share amounts)

<S>                                  <C>         <C>         <C>     
Retained earnings at beginning
    of year                          $2,654.5    $2,287.7    $2,264.6
   Net income                           739.5       694.0       331.0
   Cash dividends paid
    on common shares                   (351.1)     (327.2)     (307.9)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Retained earnings at end of year     $3,042.9    $2,654.5    $2,287.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash dividends per common share      $   2.60    $   2.44    $   2.28
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       27



<PAGE>
<PAGE>



                     Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                         1995        1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                (Dollars in millions)
<S>                                              <C>         <C>     
Assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                   $  295.8    $  217.9
     Short-term investments                         267.4       247.2
     Receivables, less allowances of
       $20.7 in 1995 and $21.8 in 1994            1,239.5     1,096.0
     Inventories                                    645.7       636.2
     Prepaid expenses and other current
       assets                                       329.6       318.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total current assets                  2,778.0     2,515.3

     Investments and other assets                   654.3       557.6
     Equity investments in
       affiliated companies                         257.5       234.2
     Property, plant and equipment                2,006.3     1,846.0
     Intangible assets                              404.8       379.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $6,100.9    $5,532.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------

Liabilities and shareholders' equity:
     Short-term debt                             $  894.6    $  925.1
     Accounts payable, trade                        523.8       517.7
     Accrued compensation                           166.3       150.6
     Other current liabilities                      671.2       601.8
     Federal, state and foreign income taxes        169.3       158.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total current liabilities             2,425.2     2,353.4

     Long-term debt                                 634.5       535.2
     Deferred income taxes                          128.4        88.0
     Other noncurrent liabilities                   612.0       718.5
     Minority interests                              54.7        21.3

     Shareholders' equity:
       Preferred stock - none issued                    -           -
       Common stock - 160,330,268 shares
         issued                                     160.3       160.3
       Capital in excess of par value               217.5       152.2
       Retained earnings                          3,042.9     2,654.5
       Cumulative translation adjustments          (216.3)     (181.0)
       Treasury stock, at cost:
         1995 - 24,731,378 shares;
         1994 - 25,734,568 shares                  (958.3)     (969.6)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total shareholders' equity            2,246.1     1,816.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $6,100.9    $5,532.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       28



<PAGE>
<PAGE>



                     Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                         1995    1994    1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                (Dollars in millions)
<S>                                          <C>      <C>     <C>    
 Operating Activities:
 Net income                                  $  739.5 $ 694.0 $ 331.0
  Adjustments to reconcile
    net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization             201.9   181.4   170.4
      Gain on sale of PRO toothbrush business  (117.0)      -       -
      Minority interests                        130.0    92.2     (.5)
      Restructuring                                 -       -   525.2
      Accounting changes, net of tax                -       -   (46.0)
      Deferred income taxes                      91.5    44.3  (129.6)
      Changes in assets and liabilities,
        net of effects from acquisitions/
        dispositions of businesses:
          Receivables                          (171.9) (167.9) (134.1)
          Inventories                           (20.0) (140.6)  (70.3)
          Accounts payable and accrued
            liabilities                         (23.1)  (77.5)  (79.2)
      Pension contributions                     (34.0)  (22.1) (100.0)
      Other                                       2.3    41.2     (.2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash provided by operating activities 799.2   645.0   466.7
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Investing Activities:
  Purchases of investments                     (438.5) (656.1) (236.5)
  Proceeds from sales of investments            340.8   415.7   166.2
  Capital expenditures                         (387.3) (406.4) (347.1)
  Acquisitions of businesses                    (34.3)  (66.3) (429.0)
  Proceeds from dispositions of businesses      136.1       -    83.4
  Other                                          15.6    13.2     4.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash used by investing activities    (367.6) (699.9) (758.6)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities:
  Proceeds from borrowings                    1,828.6   762.7   627.6
  Principal payments on borrowings           (1,766.6) (527.6) (192.1)
  Purchases of treasury stock                   (17.6)  (41.7) (112.4)
  Cash dividends paid                          (351.1) (327.2) (307.9)
  Distributions paid to minority interests      (96.5)  (79.4)    (.5)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options        61.2    43.1    14.5
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash (used) provided by
        financing activities                   (342.0) (170.1)   29.2
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on
   cash and cash equivalents                    (11.7)    2.4   (15.2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and
   cash equivalents                              77.9  (222.6) (277.9)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
   of year                                      217.9   440.5   718.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year     $  295.8 $ 217.9 $ 440.5
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                       29



<PAGE>
<PAGE>



                     Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies:

Basis of consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of Warner-Lambert Company and all controlled, majority-owned
subsidiaries ("Warner-Lambert" or the "company"). In conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles, management has made estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Substantially all foreign
subsidiaries and branches are consolidated on the basis of fiscal years ending
on November 30. Investments in companies in which Warner-Lambert's interest is
between 20 percent and 50 percent are accounted for using the equity method.
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current
year presentation.

Cash equivalents - Cash equivalents include nonequity short-term investments
with original maturity dates of 90 days or less.

Inventories - Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
determined principally on the basis of first-in, first-out or standards which
approximate average cost.

Property, plant and equipment - Property, plant and equipment are recorded at
cost. The cost of maintenance, repairs, minor renewals and betterments and minor
equipment items is charged to income; the cost of major renewals and betterments
is capitalized. Depreciation is calculated generally on the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets.

Intangible assets - Intangible assets are recorded at cost and are amortized on
the straight-line method over appropriate periods not exceeding 40 years.

Newly issued accounting standard - In March 1995, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed Of," which became effective on January 1, 1996. The
adoption of SFAS No. 121 is not expected to have a material impact on the
company's consolidated financial position, liquidity, cash flow or results of
operations.

Advertising costs - Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and amounted to
$644.0 in 1995, $601.3 in 1994 and $598.4 in 1993.

Net income per share - Net income per share is computed based on the average
number of common shares outstanding during the year. The dilutive effect of
common stock equivalents is immaterial. The average number of shares used in the
determination of net income per share was 135,021,000 in 1995, 134,112,000 in
1994 and 135,000,000 in 1993.

Note 2 - Interest Income and Interest Expense:

Interest income and interest expense are included in other (income) expense,
net. Interest income totaled $49.7, $49.7 and $39.7 and interest expense totaled
$122.7, $93.7 and $64.2 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Total interest
paid was $112.8, $86.2 and $65.4 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Interest
costs of $10.1, $9.4 and $8.6 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, have been
capitalized and included in property, plant and equipment.


Note 3 - Restructuring:

In 1993 and 1991, the company recorded restructuring charges of $525.2 ($360.4
after tax or $2.67 per share) and $544.0 ($418.0 after tax or $3.11 per share),
respectively, for the worldwide rationalization of manufacturing and
distribution facilities and for organizational restructuring. Details of
individual provisions are as follows:

In the first quarter of 1993, the company recorded a one-time charge of $70.0
relating to the disposition of its Novon Products Group. The charge included
$26.0 for the write-down of property, plant and equipment to its net realizable
value and $44.0 for operating losses and other expenses anticipated to be
incurred during the phase-out period. In November 1993, the company discontinued
the operations of the Novon Products Group.

In October 1993, Warner-Lambert sold the assets of its chocolate/caramel
business in Cambridge, Massachusetts for approximately $82.0, resulting in a
pretax gain of $13.1. The sale included the Junior'r'Mints, Sugar Daddy'r',
Sugar Babies'r', Charleston Chew!'r' and Pom Poms'r' product lines.

In November 1993, a restructuring charge of $468.3 was recorded for
the rationalization of manufacturing facilities,

                                       30



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

principally in North America, including the eventual closing of seven plants,
and for organizational restructuring and related workforce reductions of about
2,800 positions. The program was prompted by the combined impact of rapid and
profound changes in the company's competitive environment, including the growing
impact of managed health care and other cost containment efforts in the U.S.,
cost regulations in Europe and changes in U.S. tax law. As of December 31, 1995,
two manufacturing sites were closed (Carolina, Puerto Rico and Harbin, China)
and workforce reductions of more than 1,400 positions have been made, primarily
consisting of U.S. sales force, Puerto Rico manufacturing and European
administrative positions. In addition to the remaining five facility closures,
the major activities to be completed relate to worldwide work-systems redesign.

In the fourth quarter of 1991, a restructuring charge of $544.0 was recorded
primarily for the rationalization of manufacturing and distribution facilities
to take advantage of the elimination of trade barriers, primarily in Europe,
North America and the Andean Region, and for a worldwide staff reduction
program, including a voluntary retirement incentive program, resulting in a
planned workforce reduction of approximately 2,700 positions. As of December 31,
1995, the company has closed 13 manufacturing facilities, mainly in Europe and
South America, completed two partial facility rationalizations and reduced the
workforce by approximately 1,900 positions, primarily consisting of worldwide
administrative, European and South American manufacturing and European research
positions. Major activities still to be completed include the closing of several
additional facilities as part of a pharmaceutical manufacturing rationalization
program.

Initial 1993 and 1991 provisions and the subsequent utilization by major
components are summarized in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Amounts     Reserve
                                  1993 & 1991    Utilized   Balance at
                                 Restructuring    Through    December
                                   Provisions      1995 *    31, 1995
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>            <C>         <C>    
Severance and related costs        $  468.0       $ 315.5     $ 152.5

Plant closures and related costs      161.5         120.5        41.0

Work-systems redesign                  71.5           9.9        61.6

Operating losses during                35.3          35.3           -
  phase-out period

Other                                 107.3          95.0        12.3

Asset write-offs                      225.6         225.6           -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                        $1,069.2       $ 801.8     $ 267.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>

*Includes redistribution among categories, described as follows:
</FN>
</TABLE>

Based on actual restructuring actions and project forecasts, the company
redistributed among categories $43.6 of the $1,069.2 originally provided. The
company reduced reserve balances designated for severance and related costs by
$43.6 and increased balances for plant closures and related costs by $15.0,
work-systems redesign by $18.6 and other costs by $10.0. These redistributions
were necessary due to delays in completion and higher projected costs for plant
closures and the acceleration of the work-systems redesign projects enabling
some positions to be eliminated through attrition rather than severance. The
original scopes of the projects and the number of positions to be eliminated
remain unchanged.

The company records restructuring charges based on available information at the
time the decision is made and approval is received to proceed with the plan.
Reserves are considered utilized when specific restructuring criteria are
completed or benefits paid. The company continues to expense normal operating
costs against current operations while production is being phased out of
facilities to be closed.

As of December 31, 1995, other current liabilities included $140.0 and other
noncurrent liabilities included $127.4 of the remaining restructuring reserve
balance to be utilized. The restructuring provisions encompass pharmaceutical
manufacturing rationalizations, which include product relocations requiring
regulatory site and process approvals. The product relocations are being phased
in with the related approval processes anticipated to take a minimum of two
years each. The company has determined that the restructuring reserve balance is
adequate to cover the remaining restructuring actions, which are expected to be
substantially completed by 1997.



Note 4 - Acquisitions, Divestiture and Alliances:

In April 1995, Warner-Lambert acquired Adams S.A., a privately held manufacturer
of confectionery products in Argentina. In June 1994, Warner-Lambert acquired
Saila S.p.A., a privately held confectionery company based in Italy.

Cash consideration, excluding cash acquired and debt assumed, for the above
acquisitions was $34.3 in 1995 and $66.3 in 1994. The above acquisitions have
been accounted for under the purchase method and accordingly, the net assets and
results of operations have been included in the consolidated financial
statements since the dates of acquisition. The excess of purchase price over the
estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired has
been treated as goodwill. The above acquisitions did not have a material pro
forma impact on consolidated earnings.

                                       31



<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Warner-Lambert had several purchase acquisitions during 1993 for total
consideration of $429.0, the effect of which individually and in the aggregate
was not material to the consolidated financial position or results of operations
for 1993.

In 1995, the company sold its PRO toothbrush business. Net proceeds were $136.1
resulting in a pretax gain of $117.0, which is included in other (income)
expense, net. On an after tax basis, the gain was $82.4 or $.61 per share.

Warner-Lambert has separate agreements with both Wellcome plc ("Wellcome") and
Glaxo plc ("Glaxo") (which acquired Wellcome in 1995 and is referred to as
"Glaxo Wellcome") to establish joint ventures in various countries to develop
and market a broad range of nonprescription consumer health care products.

In December 1995, Warner-Lambert signed a letter of intent to purchase Glaxo
Wellcome's interests in the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations described
below for $1.05 billion. The transaction is subject to negotiation and
completion of a final agreement and the receipt of necessary regulatory
approvals. During the negotiation period, Warner-Lambert retains its rights
under the original Wellcome joint venture agreement, including those relating to
the Wellcome acquisition by Glaxo.

Warner-Lambert's agreement with Wellcome, signed in December 1993, called for
both companies to contribute to the joint venture operations current and future
over-the-counter (OTC) products. Joint venture operations formed pursuant to a
global principles agreement began in the U.S. and Canada in January 1994,
Australia, New Zealand and certain countries in Europe in June 1994 and Germany
in November 1994. Warner-Lambert and Wellcome, respectively, receive
approximately 70 percent and 30 percent of the profits generated in the U.S. and
split profits evenly outside the U.S. Warner-Lambert has voting control and has
consolidated the financial results of the Warner Wellcome joint venture
operations reflecting Wellcome's share as minority interest.

Warner-Lambert and Glaxo, prior to its acquisition of Wellcome, formed
a joint venture (Glaxo Warner-Lambert) in the U.S. that commenced
operations in December 1993.  The Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint venture
was formed to develop, seek approval of and market OTC versions of Glaxo
Wellcome prescription drugs in the U.S. Development costs, profits and losses
and voting control are shared equally. Glaxo Wellcome will receive a royalty on
sales of OTC versions of Glaxo Wellcome prescription drugs by the joint
ventures. Warner-Lambert uses the equity method of accounting to record its
share of profits and losses in the Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint venture.


Note 5 - International Operations:

In translating foreign currency financial statements, local currencies of
foreign subsidiaries and branches have generally been determined to be the
functional currencies, except for those in hyperinflationary economies
(principally Brazil, Venezuela and Peru). Net aggregate exchange losses
resulting from foreign currency transactions and translation adjustments related
to subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary countries amounted to $14.3,
$15.3 and $9.8 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The cumulative translation
adjustments component of shareholders' equity was charged with $35.3 in 1995,
credited with $43.8 in 1994 and charged with $65.1 in 1993.


Note 6 - Inventories:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                      1995          1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>           <C>   
Raw materials                                   $110.0        $112.3
Finishing supplies                                48.0          54.2
Work in process                                   89.1          93.2
Finished goods                                   398.6         376.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                $645.7        $636.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Note 7 - Property, Plant and Equipment:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                     1995            1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>             <C>      
Land                                        $    39.4       $    34.7
Buildings                                     1,098.5         1,016.1
Machinery, furniture and fixtures             2,278.7         2,116.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              3,416.6         3,167.6
Less accumulated depreciation                (1,410.3)       (1,321.6)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            $ 2,006.3       $ 1,846.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Depreciation expense totaled $186.3, $168.9 and $159.0 in 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

Note 8 - Intangible Assets:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                         1995       1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>   
Intangible assets                                  $484.8     $442.0
Less accumulated amortization                       (80.0)     (62.3)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   $404.8     $379.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Amortization expense totaled $15.6, $12.5 and $11.4 in 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

                                       32



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Note 9 - Debt:

The components of short-term debt were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                        1995         1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>   
Commercial paper                                  $473.0       $641.4
Notes payable - bank and other                     305.0        250.6
Current portion of long-term debt                  116.6         33.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $894.6       $925.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The weighted average interest rate was 6.2 percent and 6.3 percent for
commercial paper and notes payable outstanding at December 31, 1995 and 1994,
respectively. The company has lines-of-credit arrangements with numerous banks
with interest rates generally equal to the best prevailing rate. At December 31,
1995, worldwide unused short-term lines of credit amounted to $1.4 billion.

The components of long-term debt were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                        1995         1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>   
Commercial paper                                  $200.0       $    -
6 5/8% notes due 2002                              199.7        199.6
8% notes due 1998                                  150.0        150.0
8 1/8% notes due 1996                                  -        100.0
Industrial revenue bonds due 2014                   24.6         24.6
Other                                               60.2         61.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $634.5       $535.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

At December 31, 1995, the company classified as long-term debt $200.0 of
commercial paper for which the company has the intent and ability to refinance
on a long-term basis. This commercial paper is supported by lines of credit.

The industrial revenue bonds due 2014 have a stated interest rate of 7.6 percent
and an effective interest rate of 7.2 percent.

The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 1995, payable
in each of the years 1997 through 2000 are $209.9, $168.6, $5.7 and $5.9,
respectively.

During 1995 and 1994 the company used interest rate swap agreements to hedge
interest expense on notes due in 1996, 1998 and 2002, see Note 10.

Note 10 - Financial Instruments:

The estimated fair values of financial instruments were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                      1995                   1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Carrying        Fair     Carrying       Fair
(  ) = Liability           Amount       Value       Amount      Value
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>    
Investment securities    $ 534.6      $ 536.5     $ 482.8     $ 479.2
Long-term debt            (634.5)      (655.1)     (535.2)     (513.8)
Interest rate swaps         (1.2)        (2.1)         .3       (17.3)
Foreign exchange contracts     -          7.1          .1       (19.2)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Investment securities and long-term debt are valued at quoted market prices for
similar instruments. The fair values of the remaining financial instruments in
the preceding table are based on dealer quotes and reflect the estimated amounts
that the company would pay or receive to terminate the contracts. The carrying
values of all other financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets
approximate fair values.

The company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective January 1, 1994. Adoption
of SFAS No. 115 had no impact on earnings since all nonequity securities were
categorized as "held-to-maturity." At December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively,
gross unrealized gains were $.9 and $.4 and gross unrealized losses were $2.8
and $4.0. The investment securities portfolio was comprised of negotiable
certificates of deposit, Puerto Rico government bonds, guaranteed collateralized
mortgage obligations, Ginnie Mae certificates and repurchase agreements as of
year-end 1995 and 1994 and short-term U.S. dollar-linked Mexican government
bonds as of year-end 1994. Equity securities, categorized as
"available-for-sale," were immaterial.

The investment securities were reported in the following balance sheet
categories:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                             1995                  1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>                   <C>   
Cash and cash equivalents              $ 34.1                $ 74.6
Short-term investments                  256.8                 247.2
Investments and other assets            243.7                 161.0
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $534.6                $482.8
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


As of December 31, 1995, the long-term investments of $243.7 included $48.1 of
interest-bearing, mortgage-backed securities maturing beyond ten years.

                                       33



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to concentrations of
credit risk are trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. The company
sells a broad range of products in the pharmaceutical, consumer health care and
confectionery businesses worldwide. The company's products are distributed to
wholesalers and directly or indirectly to pharmacies, chain food stores, mass
merchandisers, smaller independent retailers, hospitals, government agencies,
health maintenance organizations and other managed care entities. Due to the
large number and diversity of the company's customer base, concentrations of
credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited. The company does not
normally require collateral. The company places substantially all of its
interest-bearing investments in high-quality liquid instruments, such as
certificates of deposit issued by major banks or securities issued or guaranteed
by the U.S. or other governments, and limits the amount of credit exposure to
any one issuer.

The company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes
nor is it a party to leveraged derivatives. The company uses derivatives,
particularly interest rate swaps and forward or purchased option foreign
exchange contracts, that are relatively straightforward and involve little
complexity as hedge instruments to manage interest rate and foreign currency
risk.

The counterparties to the company's derivatives consist of major international
financial institutions. Because of the number of these institutions and their
high credit ratings, management believes derivatives do not present significant
credit risk to the company.

The company has used interest rate swap agreements that converted fixed rates on
long-term debt to floating rates with the intent of reducing interest expense.
As of December 31, 1994, the company had $450.0 notional amount of interest rate
swap agreements outstanding; during 1995, $200.0 due to mature in 2002 were
terminated and $250.0 maturing in 1996 were fixed at a weighted average interest
pay rate of 8.7 percent and a receive rate of 8.1 percent. As a result of
interest rate swap agreements, interest expense increased $3.2 in 1995, and
decreased $3.7 and $12.4 in 1994 and 1993, respectively. The company had
unrealized losses on its interest rate swap agreements of $.9 and $17.6 as of
December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

The company's foreign exchange risk management objectives are to stabilize cash
flows and reported income from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
Extensive international business activities result in a variety of foreign
currency exposures including foreign currency denominated assets and
liabilities, firm commitments, anticipated intercompany sales and purchases of
goods and services, dividend and royalty remittances and anticipated net income
of foreign affiliates, which is hedged on an intra-quarter basis. The company's
strategy in managing these currency risks is to selectively hedge exposures by
entering into forward or purchased option foreign exchange contracts for periods
of up to two years. The company believes the risks associated with its unhedged
exposures are not significant.

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the company had forward or purchased option
foreign exchange contracts with contractual amounts of $158.6 and $164.1 to
exchange foreign currencies, principally Japanese yen for U.S. dollars in 1995
and Japanese yen for U.S. dollars and U.S. dollars for British pounds in 1994.


Gains and losses related to effective hedges, including hedges of anticipated
transactions, are recognized in income as part of, and concurrent with, the
hedged transaction. Cash flows associated with derivative financial instruments
are classified as operating in the consolidated statements of cash flows.


Note 11 - Leases:

The company rents various facilities and equipment. Rental costs charged to
income under all operating leases totaled $80.8, $78.5 and $76.3 in 1995, 1994
and 1993, respectively.

The future minimum rental commitments under noncancelable capital and operating
leases at December 31, 1995 are summarized below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Capital        Operating
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>                                          <C>             <C>   
1996                                         $  3.6          $ 33.8
1997                                            3.2            26.3
1998                                            2.5            18.0
1999                                            2.5            14.6
2000                                            2.4            13.3
Remaining years                                13.9            80.7
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Total minimum lease payments                   28.1           186.7
Less minimum sublease income                      -           (27.5)
                                               ---------------------
Net minimum lease payments                     28.1          $159.2
                                                             -------
Less amount representing interest             (10.1)
- -----------------------------------------------------
Present value of minimum lease payments      $ 18.0
- -----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       34



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Property, plant and equipment included capitalized leases of $23.4, less
accumulated depreciation of $3.9, at December 31, 1995 and $34.4, less
accumulated depreciation of $13.0, at December 31, 1994. Long-term debt included
capitalized lease obligations of $16.1 and $21.9 at those respective dates.


Note 12 - Pensions:

The company has various noncontributory pension plans covering substantially all
of its employees in the U.S. Benefits covering most employees are based on years
of service and average compensation during the last years of employment. Current
policy is to fund these plans in an amount that ranges from the minimum
contribution required by ERISA to the maximum tax-deductible contribution.
Certain foreign subsidiaries also have various plans, which are funded in
accordance with the statutory requirements of the particular countries.

The plans' funded status at December 31 was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Plans in Which
                                  Plans in               Accumulated
                             Which Assets Exceed          Benefits
                             Accumulated Benefits       Exceed Assets
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                               1995       1994        1995       1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>    
Plan assets at fair value  $1,812.9   $1,583.9     $  75.1    $  70.5
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Actuarial present value of
  accumulated benefit
  obligation:
    Vested                  1,671.5    1,421.5       155.5      140.3
    Nonvested                  43.2       45.4        13.9        9.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                            1,714.7    1,466.9       169.4      149.7

Estimated future
  salary increases            176.2      138.5        32.0       27.6
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit
  obligation                1,890.9    1,605.4       201.4      177.3
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess of projected
  benefit obligation over
  plan assets                 (78.0)     (21.5)     (126.3)    (106.8)
Unrecognized net
   (asset) obligation          (5.7)     (22.0)        6.5        7.2
Unrecognized prior
  service cost                 55.2       36.2         5.2        2.7
Unrecognized net
  actuarial loss              189.7      150.8        31.0       21.5
Minimum liability
  adjustment                      -          -       (23.8)     (18.6)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension asset
  (liability) included
  in consolidated
  balance sheets           $  161.2   $  143.5     $(107.4)   $ (94.0)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Plan assets are composed primarily of investments in equities and bonds.

Foreign plan assets at fair value included in the preceding table were $629.8 in
1995 and $570.1 in 1994. The foreign plan projected benefit obligation was
$666.6 in 1995 and $596.4 in 1994.

The assumptions for the U.S. plans included a 10.5 percent expected long-term
rate of return on plan assets and an expected 4 percent increase in salary
levels for each of the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993. The assumed
weighted average discount rate was 7.75 percent, 8.75 percent and 7.5 percent
for the years ended 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Assumptions for foreign
plans did not vary significantly from the U.S. plans.


Pension costs for the plans included the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                  1995        1994       1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>        <C>    
Service cost - benefits earned
  during the year                      $  49.3     $  50.9    $  44.9
Interest cost on projected
  benefit obligation                     144.4       134.3      130.1
Return on assets                        (276.7)      (24.2)    (199.2)
Net amortization and deferral            108.8      (124.5)      59.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension expense                    $  25.8     $  36.5    $  35.2
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Net pension expense attributable to foreign plans included in the above was
$22.2, $21.4 and $17.9 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

The 1993 restructuring charge, discussed in Note 3, included a $4.6 curtailment
loss representing a decrease in unrecognized prior service costs resulting from
a reduction in domestic plan participants.


                                       35



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Note 13 - Postemployment Benefits:

The company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits," effective January 1, 1993. This accounting change
resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment which decreased net income upon
adoption by $17.0 ($27.0 pretax) or $.13 per share. SFAS No. 112 requires
employers to recognize an obligation for postemployment benefits to former or
inactive employees after employment but before retirement. This one-time charge
primarily represented the present value of medical and life insurance costs for
employees receiving long-term disability benefits.

Note 14 - Other Postretirement Benefits:

The company provides other postretirement benefits, primarily health insurance,
for domestic employees who retired prior to January 1, 1992 and their
dependents. Although the plans are currently noncontributory, the company has
implemented a cap which limits future contributions for medical and dental
coverage under these plans. The company is generally self-insured for these
costs and the plans are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis. U.S. employees retiring
after December 31, 1991 will receive additional pension benefits based on years
of service in lieu of these benefits.

The net periodic postretirement benefit cost for domestic retirees amounted to
$17.4, $15.0 and $14.0 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. These amounts
primarily represent the accrual of interest on the present value obligation.

A reconciliation from the plans' benefit obligation to the liabilities
recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of the latest actuarial
valuations was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                 1995          1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>   
Accumulated postretirement benefit
   obligation                              $187.7        $179.3
Unrecognized prior service cost               1.6           1.8
Unrecognized net actuarial loss             (59.3)        (49.4)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued postretirement benefit cost
   recognized in the consolidated
   balance sheets                          $130.0        $131.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The health care cost trend rate used to develop the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation for those retirees under age 65 was 11.7 percent in 1995
declining to 6 percent over 11 years. For those 65 and over, a rate of 7.7
percent was used in 1995 declining to 6 percent over 6 years. A one percentage
point increase in the health care cost trend rate in each year would increase
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1995 by
$6.2 and the net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 1995 by $.6. The
weighted average discount rate used to develop the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation was 7.75 percent, 8.75 percent and 7.5 percent for 1995, 1994
and 1993, respectively.

Other postretirement benefits for foreign plans expensed under the cash method
in 1995, 1994 and 1993 were not material.

Note 15 - Income Taxes:

Effective January 1, 1993, the company changed its method of accounting for
income taxes from the deferred method to the liability method required by SFAS
No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." This accounting change resulted in a
cumulative effect adjustment which increased net income upon adoption by $63.0
or $.47 per share.

The components of income before income taxes, minority interests and accounting
changes were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                      1995      1994     1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>        <C>   
U.S. and Puerto Rico                      $  485.6  $  469.2   $ 15.8
Foreign                                      663.0     536.1    302.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          $1,148.6  $1,005.3   $318.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The 1993 income before income taxes and accounting changes included a
restructuring charge of $374.6 for U.S. and Puerto Rico and $150.6 for foreign,
see Note 3.

The provision for income taxes consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                      1995      1994     1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>       <C>     <C>    
Current:
   Federal                                  $ 17.6    $ 22.7  $  22.0
   Foreign                                   163.5     143.4    123.4
   State and Puerto Rico                       6.5       8.7     17.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             187.6     174.8    163.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred:
   Federal                                    30.5      38.0    (95.0)
   Foreign                                    55.3        .8    (19.6)
   State and Puerto Rico                       5.7       5.5    (15.0)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              91.5      44.3   (129.6)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Provision for income taxes                  $279.1    $219.1  $  33.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       36



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Tax benefits credited to shareholders' equity for employee benefit plans were
$17.2 and $11.9 for years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

The tax effects of significant temporary differences which comprise the deferred
tax assets and liabilities were as follows:


</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                       1995                   1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Assets  Liabilities    Assets  Liabilities
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>   
Restructuring reserves     $129.2     $    -       $196.3      $    -
Compensation/benefits        75.6          -         64.2           -
Postretirement/post-
  employment obligations     62.2          -         62.1           -
Foreign tax loss and
  other carryforwards        38.3          -         27.5           -
Inventory                    25.3       10.1         22.7           -
Pensions                     25.3       56.0         12.6        44.9
Research tax credit
 carryforwards               17.7          -         37.0           -
Property, plant and
 equipment                    7.6      180.3         10.9       164.4
Other                       101.2       41.3         87.9        28.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                            482.4      287.7        521.2       237.5
Valuation allowances        (37.0)         -        (44.6)          -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                           $445.4     $287.7       $476.6      $237.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The research tax credit carryforwards of $17.7 will be available through 2010.

During 1995, the decrease in valuation allowances of $7.6 primarily reflected
improved profitability in European operations which resulted in the realization
of some deferred tax assets associated with the 1991 restructuring.

Income taxes of $173.6, $186.1 and $155.0 were paid during 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively. Prepaid expenses and other current assets included deferred income
taxes of $168.2 and $173.9 at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.
Investments and other assets included deferred income taxes of $131.7 and $157.2
at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

The earnings of Warner-Lambert's subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico are subject
to tax pursuant to a grant, effective through December 2003. The grant provides
for certain tax relief and reduced withholding tax rates upon repatriation of
Puerto Rico earnings provided that certain conditions are met. The company
continued to be in compliance with these conditions at December 31, 1995.

Earnings of foreign subsidiaries considered to be reinvested for an indefinite
period at December 31, 1995 were approximately $641.6. No additional U.S. income
taxes or foreign withholding taxes have been provided on the earnings. It
would be impractical to compute the estimated deferred tax liability on these
earnings.

As of December 31, 1995, Warner-Lambert's U.S. federal income tax returns
through 1989 have been examined and settled with the Internal Revenue Service.

The company's effective income tax rate before accounting changes differed from
the U.S. statutory tax rate as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                     1995      1994     1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>       <C>      <C>  
U.S. statutory tax rate                      35.0%     35.0%    35.0%
Income earned in Puerto Rico                 (4.6)     (5.0)    (5.5)
Foreign income subject to
  reduced tax rates including
  taxes on repatriation                      (1.9)     (7.1)    (4.6)
U.S. research tax credit, net                 (.5)      (.6)    (1.8)
State and local taxes, net                     .7        .7       .9
Other items, net                             (1.3)      1.0      (.5)
Effect of restructuring                         -         -    (13.0)
Effect of minority interests                 (3.1)     (2.2)       -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective tax rate before
  accounting changes                         24.3%     21.8%    10.5%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The 1993 effective tax rate of 10.5 percent included the effect of a 31.4
percent tax benefit rate on the restructuring charge discussed in Note 3.
Excluding the effect of the restructuring charge, the effective tax rate was
23.5 percent. There was a separate 37.0 percent tax benefit rate on the $27.0
charge for the change in accounting principle regarding SFAS No. 112, discussed
in Note 13.


Note 16 - Shareholders' Equity:

The authorized preferred stock of Warner-Lambert Company is 5 million shares
with a par value of $1.00 per share, of which there are no shares issued.

The authorized common stock of Warner-Lambert Company is 300 million shares with
a par value of $1.00 per share. Common stock issued in the amount of $160.3 was
unchanged for each of the three years ended December 31, 1995.


                                       37



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Changes in certain components of shareholders' equity are summarized as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   Treasury Stock
                                 Capital in    ----------------------
                                 Excess of      Shares in
                                 Par Value      Thousands       Cost
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>            <C>          <C>     
Balance at December 31, 1992       $114.5       (24,990)     $(851.2)
Shares repurchased, at cost             -        (1,681)      (112.4)
Employee benefit plans                5.6           480          9.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993        120.1       (26,191)      (953.7)
Shares repurchased, at cost             -          (647)       (41.7)
Employee benefit plans               35.0         1,103         25.8
Unrealized market value adjust-
  ments on equity securities         (2.9)            -            -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1994        152.2       (25,735)      (969.6)
Shares repurchased, at cost             -          (229)       (17.6)
Employee benefit plans               54.1         1,233         28.9
Unrealized market value adjust-
  ments on equity securities         11.2             -            -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1995       $217.5       (24,731)     $(958.3)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Pursuant to the company's Stockholder Rights Plan, a right is attached to each
outstanding share of common stock. In the event that any person or group
acquires 20 percent or more of the outstanding common shares, or acquires the
company in a merger or other business combination, or engages in certain
self-dealing transactions, each right (other than those held by the "Acquiring
Person") will entitle its holder to purchase, for a specified purchase price,
stock of the company or the Acquiring Person having a market value of twice such
purchase price. The rights expire on July 8, 1998 and can be redeemed for $.005
per right by the Board of Directors prior to the time the rights become
exercisable.


Note 17 - Stock Options and Awards:

Warner-Lambert has stock plans established in 1992, 1989, 1987 and 1983 which
provide for the granting of options to employees to purchase shares of common
stock within prescribed periods at a price equal to fair market value on the
date of the grant. There are outstanding options under all plans; however,
additional options may be granted only under the 1992 plan.

The 1992 Stock Plan also provides for the granting of restricted stock and
performance awards. Restricted stock granted to employees is delivered upon the
expiration of restricted periods established at the time of grant. The value of
the shares at the date of the grant is being amortized to compensation expense
over the restricted periods, with the unamortized portion representing unearned
compensation reflected as a reduction of shareholders' equity. Performance
awards provide for the recipient to receive payment in shares, cash or any
combination thereof equivalent to the award being granted.

The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded under the
1992 Stock Plan in any year during its five-year term is not more than 1.75
percent of the issued shares of common stock on January 1 of the year of grant.
In any year in which stock awards are granted for less than the maximum
permissible number of shares, the balance of unused shares will be added to the
number of shares permitted to be granted during the following year. No stock
awards may be granted under the 1992 Stock Plan after April 28, 1997.

The 1992 Stock Plan also contains provisions for the granting of rights which
permit the optionee to receive an amount equal to the excess of the market price
of the common stock over the option price when the rights are exercised and
receive payment in shares of common stock, cash or a combination of both.
Options and rights granted generally become exercisable after one year in annual
25 percent increments and expire ten years from the date of grant. The value of
rights granted is charged to income over the vesting period from the date the
market price first exceeds the option price, with adjustments made based on
market fluctuations to the date of exercise. At December 31, 1995, rights with
respect to 511,300 shares of common stock were outstanding.

In October 1995, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation" which requires companies to measure employee stock compensation
plans based on the fair value method of accounting or to continue to apply APB
No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and provide pro forma
footnote disclosures under the fair value method in SFAS No. 123. The company
has decided to adopt SFAS No. 123 through disclosure only, and accordingly, pro
forma fair value disclosures will be made in the 1996 Annual Report.

                                       38




<PAGE>
<PAGE>



Transactions involving stock options, rights and awards are summarized as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Number            Price
                                       of Shares         Per Share
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>   
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1993       9,526,595    $17.00  -  $76.98

Stock options and rights:
     Granted                           1,611,205     63.25  -   80.50
     Exercised                        (1,129,564)    17.00  -   73.69
     Cancelled                          (406,203)    17.00  -   73.69

Stock awards:
     Granted                              38,110     62.94  -   80.19
     Delivered                           (61,001)    44.16  -   76.38
     Cancelled                            (6,860)    54.47  -   75.81
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1994       9,572,282     18.03  -   80.50

Stock options and rights:
     Granted                           2,042,025     75.50  -   95.75
     Exercised                        (1,214,310)    18.03  -   75.25
     Cancelled                          (360,111)    18.03  -   87.75

Stock awards:
     Granted                              48,705     74.38  -   94.88
     Delivered                           (27,347)    51.91  -   80.19
     Cancelled                           (11,946)    54.47  -   84.88
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1995      10,049,298     28.25  -   95.75
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options and rights
  exercisable, December 31, 1995       5,026,783    $28.25  -  $80.50
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares available for annual grants at:
     December 31, 1994                 7,040,375
     December 31, 1995                 7,878,756
- ------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Note 18 - Contingencies:

Various claims, suits and complaints, such as those involving government
regulations, patents and trademarks and product liability, arise in the ordinary
course of Warner-Lambert's business. In the opinion of Warner-Lambert, all such
pending matters are without merit or are of such kind, or involve such amounts,
as would not have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated
financial position, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations for any year.


Note 19 - Environmental Liabilities:

The company is involved in various environmental matters including actions
initiated by the Environmental Protection Agency under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (i.e., CERCLA or
Superfund and similar legislation), various state environmental organizations
and other parties. The company is presently engaged in environmental remediation
at certain sites, including sites previously owned.

The company accrues costs for an estimated environmental liability when
management becomes aware that a liability exists and is able to reasonably
estimate the company's share. Generally, that occurs no later than when
feasibility studies and related cost assessments of remedial techniques are
completed, and the extent to which other potentially responsible parties (PRPs)
can be expected to contribute is determined. For most sites, there are other
PRPs that may be jointly and severally liable to pay all cleanup costs. Outside
consultants are generally used to assess the costs of remediation. Accruals are
established based on current technology and are not discounted.

Some portion of the liabilities associated with the company's environmental
actions may be covered by insurance. The company is currently in litigation with
respect to the scope and extent of liability coverage from certain insurance
companies; however, recoveries will not be recorded as income until there is
assurance that recoveries are forthcoming.

In management's opinion, the liabilities for all matters mentioned above which
are probable and reasonably estimable are adequately accrued. Although it is not
possible to predict with certainty the outcome of the matters described above or
the ultimate costs of remediation, management believes it is unlikely that their
ultimate disposition will have a material adverse effect on the company's
consolidated financial position, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations
for any year.

                                       39




<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Note 20 - Segment Information:

Industry segments are comprised as follows: Pharmaceutical - consisting of
ethical pharmaceuticals, biologicals and empty hard-gelatin capsules; Consumer
Health Care - consisting of OTC, shaving and pet care products; Confectionery -
consisting of chewing gums, breath mints and, until disposition in the fourth
quarter of 1993, chocolate/caramel brands, see Note 3.

In 1995, nearly one half of Pharmaceutical and Consumer Health Care sales were
from the U.S. and one half of Confectionery sales were from the Americas and Far
East. The seven largest markets outside the U.S. were Japan, Germany, the United
Kingdom, France, Canada, Brazil and Italy. Sales in these markets accounted for
approximately 62 percent of international sales in 1995, with no one country
accounting for more than 18 percent of international sales.

<TABLE>
Industry Segments

<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                Research and
                            Net Sales (a)           Operating Profit         Development Expense
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        1995    1994    1993    1995     1994     1993(d)  1995     1994     1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>   
Pharmaceutical        $2,356  $2,079  $2,114   $ 822    $ 716    $ 384    $(408)   $(368)   $(382)
Consumer Health Care   3,293   2,970   2,374     858(c)   714      440      (67)     (65)     (61)
Confectionery          1,391   1,368   1,306     202      264      201      (26)     (23)     (22)
                                                                         -------------------------
Research and develop-
  ment expense                                  (501)    (456)    (465)   $(501)   $(456)   $(465)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales and
  operating profit    $7,040  $6,417  $5,794   1,381     1,238     560
- --------------------------------------------
Corporate expense (b)                           (232)     (233)   (242)
- ---------------------                         -------------------------
Income before income
taxes, minority
interests and
accounting changes                            $1,149    $1,005   $ 318
- ---------------------                         -------------------------

<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     Depreciation and
                        Identifiable Assets            Amortization          Capital Expenditures
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1995     1994    1993    1995     1994     1993     1995     1994     1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>      <C>     <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C> 
Pharmaceutical       $2,274   $1,991  $1,769    $ 95     $ 80     $ 72     $176     $183     $160
Consumer Health Care  1,942    1,837   1,491      67       61       61      116      129      115
Confectionery           924      872     680      30       31       29       72       83       60
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Subtotal           5,140    4,700   3,940     192      172      162      364      395      335
Corporate               961      833     888      10        9        8       23       11       12
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total             $6,101   $5,533  $4,828    $202     $181     $170     $387     $406     $347
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Geographic Areas
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Net Sales (a)            Operating Profit         Identifiable Assets
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1995     1994    1993    1995     1994     1993(d)  1995     1994     1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
United States        $3,023   $2,954  $2,747  $  912(c)$  844   $  441   $2,090   $1,915   $1,705
Europe, Middle East
  and Africa          1,980    1,618   1,390     538      428      231    1,897    1,649    1,305
Americas and Far
  East                2,037    1,845   1,657     432      422      353    1,153    1,136      930
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Subtotal           7,040    6,417   5,794   1,882    1,694    1,025    5,140    4,700    3,940
Research and develop-
  ment expense                                  (501)    (456)    (465)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total             $7,040   $6,417  $5,794  $1,381   $1,238   $  560   $5,140   $4,700   $3,940
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>

(a) Export sales, intersegment sales and intergeographic area sales were not
    material.
(b) Corporate expense includes general corporate income and expense, corporate
    investment income, interest expense and net foreign currency adjustments.
(c) Includes a $117 million pretax gain on the sale of the company's PRO
    toothbrush business.
(d) The 1993 operating profit by industry segments includes restructuring
    charges as follows: Pharmaceutical - $314; Consumer Health Care - $105;
    Confectionery - $46 and corporate expense - $60. The 1993 operating profit
    by geographic areas includes restructuring charges as follows: United
    States - $314; Europe, Middle East and Africa - $119 and Americas and Far
    East - $32, see Note 3.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       40



<PAGE>
<PAGE>



Report by Management

The management of Warner-Lambert Company has prepared the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and related information in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles and is responsible for the information
and representations in such financial statements, including estimates and
judgments required for their preparation. Price Waterhouse LLP, independent
accountants, has audited the consolidated financial statements and their report
appears herein.

In order to meet its responsibilities, management maintains a system of internal
controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded
and that financial records properly reflect all transactions. The internal
control system is augmented by an ongoing internal audit program, an
organizational structure that provides for appropriate division of
responsibility and communication programs that explain the company's policies
and standards.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed entirely of nonemployee
directors, meets periodically with the independent accountants, management and
internal auditors to review auditing, internal accounting controls and other
financial reporting matters. Both the independent accountants and internal
auditors have full access to the Audit Committee.

Management also recognizes its responsibility for fostering a strong ethical
climate so that the company's affairs are conducted according to the highest
standards of personal and corporate conduct. This responsibility is
characterized and reflected in the company's Creed, which summarizes
Warner-Lambert's commitment to its customers, colleagues, shareholders, business
partners and society, and the creation of a worldwide corporate compliance
program, which is a formal system designed to oversee compliance with applicable
laws, regulations, policies and procedures on a worldwide basis.



Report of Independent Accountants


PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Warner-Lambert Company

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Warner-Lambert Company and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.

As discussed in Notes 13 and 15 to the financial statements, effective January
1, 1993 the company changed its accounting for postemployment benefits and
income taxes.


Price Waterhouse LLP
- --------------------

4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey
January 22, 1996

                                       41




<PAGE>
<PAGE>



Quarterly Financial Information:

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    1995 Quarters
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        First         Second          Third         Fourth
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>     
Net sales            $1,604.6       $1,799.6       $1,775.7       $1,859.9
Gross profit          1,072.3        1,188.0        1,153.6        1,198.4
Net income              201.4          201.0          214.0          123.1
Net income per
  common share           1.50           1.49           1.58            .91
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Third quarter 1995 results include a gain from sale of the PRO toothbrush
business of $82.4 after tax or $.61 per share, see Note 4.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    1994 Quarters
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        First         Second          Third         Fourth
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>     
Net sales            $1,472.9       $1,552.2       $1,671.0       $1,720.7
Gross profit            993.9        1,042.9        1,101.6        1,123.3
Net income              190.4          196.7          169.2          137.7
Net income per
  common share           1.42           1.47           1.26           1.02
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Market Prices of Common Stock and Dividends:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     1995 Range of Prices          1994 Range of Prices
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Dividends                      Dividends
                  High      Low    Per Share    High      Low     Per Share
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C> 
First quarter    $81 1/2   $73 3/8   $.65      $68 3/4   $60 1/4    $.61
Second quarter    86 1/2    77 1/2    .65       72 1/2    60         .61
Third quarter     98        82 5/8    .65       86 3/4    64         .61
Fourth quarter    97 1/8    84 5/8    .65       82 1/4    73         .61
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Dividends per share, presented in graphic format, were $1.76 in 1991, $2.04 in
1992, $2.28 in 1993, $2.44 in 1994 and $2.60 in 1995.

The 1995 quarterly closing stock prices, presented in graphic format, were $78
1/4 in the first quarter, $86 3/8 in the second quarter, $95 1/4 in the third
quarter and $97 1/8 in the fourth quarter.

                                       42




<PAGE>
<PAGE>




MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- ---------------------

NET SALES
Sales in 1995 of $7,040 million were 10 percent higher than in 1994. Unit volume
growth was 7 percent, price increases added 2 percent and foreign exchange rate
changes had a favorable impact of 1 percent. Unit volume growth of 2 percent was
attributable to the inclusion of products contributed by Wellcome plc to the
international Warner Wellcome joint venture operations that were not in
existence for the full year in 1994 (described on page 44), and from businesses
acquired in 1995 and 1994. Glaxo plc acquired Wellcome plc in 1995 and changed
the name of the combined company to Glaxo Wellcome. Throughout this Discussion
"Wellcome" refers to Wellcome plc prior to its acquisition by Glaxo plc and
"Glaxo" refers to Glaxo plc prior to its acquisition of Wellcome and name change
to Glaxo Wellcome.

In 1994 sales of $6,417 million were 11 percent higher than in 1993. Sales
growth of 7 percent resulted from the full-year reporting impact of businesses
acquired in 1993 and sales of products from the then newly established Warner
Wellcome joint venture operations, partly offset by the absence of the
chocolate/caramel business which was sold in October 1993. Unit volume growth
accounted for the remaining 4 percent increase in 1994 sales. Price increases
and foreign exchange rate changes did not have an impact on worldwide sales
growth in 1994.

Sales, presented in graphic format, were $5.1 billion in 1991, $5.6 billion in
1992, $5.8 billion in 1993, $6.4 billion in 1994 and $7.0 billion in 1995.

On a geographic basis, U.S. sales in 1995 were $3,023 million, an increase of
$69 million, or 2 percent over 1994. International sales increased $554 million,
or 16 percent to $4,017 million. At constant exchange rates, international sales
increased 14 percent from 1994. The devaluation of the Mexican peso in December
1994 adversely impacted sales by $137 million in 1995. International sales
growth of 4 percent in 1995 resulted from the full-year inclusion of Wellcome
products and from businesses acquired in 1995 and 1994. In 1994 U.S. sales
increased $207 million, or 8 percent to $2,954 million and international sales
increased $416 million, or 14 percent to $3,463 million.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Pharmaceutical Products
- -----------------------
                              1995             1994        1993
                          ------------    -------------  -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
<S>                       <C>              <C>           <C>    
Net Sales                 $ 2,356  +13%    $ 2,079  -2%  $ 2,114
</TABLE>

U.S. sales increased 7 percent to $1,077 million despite the sales erosion
and price reductions of the lipid-regulator LOPID and its generic
equivalent, gemfibrozil, as a result of generic competition.  Sales of the
two products declined $72 million in 1995. U.S. sales growth was led by the
add-on epilepsy therapy NEURONTIN, the cardiovascular drug ACCUPRIL, the
oral contraceptive LOESTRIN, the anticonvulsant DILANTIN and CAPSUGEL empty
hard-gelatin capsules. International sales increased 20 percent to $1,279
million, or 13 percent at constant rates of exchange. Sales growth was led by
ACCUPRIL, CAPSUGEL and the analgesic VALORON. In the first quarter of 1995 the
company launched PIMENOL, an antiarrhythmic drug, in Japan and OMNICEF, an oral
cephalosporin antibiotic, in the Philippines.

In 1994 U.S. sales declined 7 percent as the combined sales of LOPID and
gemfibrozil fell $197 million as a result of generic competition. International
sales increased 4 percent led by ACCUPRIL, CAPSUGEL and NEURONTIN.

Warner-Lambert plans to file 8 New Drug Applications (NDA) or Supplements with
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1996. These filings include 3 new
chemical entities, all of which are in late-stage development and are
anticipated to be commercially significant. They are atorvastatin, a lipid
regulator, troglitazone, an insulin-enhancing medication for Type II diabetes
and OMNICEF.


                                       43



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Consumer Health Care Products
- -----------------------------
                             1995             1994        1993
                         ------------    -------------  -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
S>                     <C>              <C>             <C>    
Net Sales               $ 3,293  +11%    $ 2,970  +25%   $ 2,374
</TABLE>

In 1995 sales growth in this segment of 3 percent was attributable to the
full-year inclusion of Wellcome products, including SUDAFED and ACTIFED cold
medications, NEOSPORIN topical anti-infective and ZOVIRAX cold sore cream in the
international Warner Wellcome joint venture operations. U.S. sales increased 4
percent in 1995 to $1,525 million. Sales benefited from the introduction of COOL
MINT LISTERINE toothpaste in August 1995. Products with U.S. sales growth
included the company's wet-shaving products (benefiting from the introduction of
TRACER FX), SUDAFED, NEOSPORIN and BENADRYL allergy medication. International
sales increased 18 percent to $1,768 million, or 15 percent at constant exchange
rates. International sales growth of 6 percent was attributable to the full-year
inclusion of Wellcome products. Products with strong international growth
included the company's wet-shaving products, HALLS cough tablets, TETRA aquarium
products and LISTERINE Antiseptic mouthwash.

In December 1993 Warner-Lambert signed separate agreements with both Wellcome
and Glaxo, governing the establishment of joint ventures in various countries to
develop and market a broad range of nonprescription consumer health care
products.

Warner-Lambert's agreement with Wellcome called for both companies to contribute
to the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations current and future
over-the-counter (OTC) products. Joint venture operations formed pursuant to a
global principles agreement began in the U.S. and Canada in January 1994, in
Australia, New Zealand and certain countries in Europe in June 1994 and in
Germany in November 1994. Warner-Lambert has consolidated the financial results
of the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations.

In December 1995 Warner-Lambert signed a letter of intent to purchase Glaxo
Wellcome's interest in the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations for a
purchase price of $1.05 billion. The transaction is subject to negotiation and
completion of a final agreement and the receipt of necessary regulatory
approvals. During the negotiation period Warner-Lambert retains its rights under
the original Wellcome joint venture agreement, including those relating to the
Wellcome acquisition by Glaxo.

Warner-Lambert and Glaxo formed a joint venture in the U.S. (referred to as
Glaxo Warner-Lambert) that commenced operations in December 1993. The Glaxo
Warner-Lambert joint venture was formed to develop, seek approval of and market
OTC versions of Glaxo prescription drugs in the U.S., including ZANTAC, Glaxo
Wellcome's pharmaceutical product for ulcer treatment.

As part of the letter of intent that Warner-Lambert and Glaxo Wellcome signed in
December 1995, the Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint venture will be restructured so
that in addition to developing and marketing OTC versions of Glaxo prescription
drugs, it will also develop and market Wellcome's OTC switch products, including
ZOVIRAX.

On September 30, 1994 Glaxo submitted a NDA filing for the sale in the U.S. of
an OTC product for the treatment of episodic heartburn, called ZANTAC 75. On
December 19, 1995 ZANTAC 75 received marketing clearance from the FDA. ZANTAC 75
is being marketed for OTC use in the U.K. by Warner Wellcome as a treatment for
episodic heartburn. Warner Wellcome is also marketing BECONASE, an OTC allergy
nasal spray from Glaxo in the U.K. Warner-Lambert shares in the profits
generated by these brands.

In 1994 sales growth of 17 percent was due to the full-year recognition of sales
from several businesses Warner-Lambert acquired in 1993 and from products
contributed by Wellcome to the joint venture operations. U.S. sales increased 26
percent primarily due to the joint venture operations. International sales
increased 24 percent with approximately half of the sales growth attributable to
the impact of the acquisitions and joint venture operations.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Confectionery Products
- ----------------------
                             1995             1994        1993
                         ------------    -------------  -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
<S>                      <C>              <C>             <C>    
Net Sales                $ 1,391  +2%     $ 1,368  +5%    $ 1,306
</TABLE>

In 1995 confectionery product sales in the U.S. declined 12 percent to $421
million. The decline was the result of an overall softness in the gum market, a
reduction in trade inventory levels and significant competitive activity, as
well as the timing and extent of trade incentives and promotional programs. The
company has brought in a new management team for its confectionery business and
expects that U.S. sales will increase in 1996. International confectionery sales
were $970 million, an increase of 9 percent, or 14 percent at constant

                                       44



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

exchange rates. The devaluation of the Mexican peso in December 1994 adversely
impacted sales by $74 million in 1995. In April 1995 Warner-Lambert acquired
Adams S.A., a privately held confectionery company based in Argentina and in
June 1994 Warner-Lambert acquired Saila S.p.A. The acquisition of these
businesses increased this segment's international sales by approximately 5
percent in 1995. International sales growth was led by BUBBALOO bubble gum and
TRIDENT sugarless gum.

In 1994 U.S. sales declined 5 percent due to the sale of the
chocolate/caramel business in October 1993.  Excluding chocolate/caramel
sales, U.S. sales increased 5 percent from 1993. International sales
increased 11 percent.


COSTS AND EXPENSES

Cost of goods sold in 1995 and 1994 increased 13 percent and 12 percent,
respectively. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales increased to 34.5%
from 33.6% in 1994 and 33.1% in 1993. The increase in the company's ratio in
1995 was primarily attributable to the confectionery segment. This segment's
ratio increased due to a greater proportion of sales that were generated in
countries that have higher cost ratios combined with a higher cost ratio in the
U.S. resulting from lower volume. In 1994, the company's ratio reflected a
higher cost ratio in the pharmaceutical segment, resulting from both an
unfavorable product mix and higher costs related to regulatory compliance
issues.

Marketing expense in 1995 and 1994 increased 9 percent and 7 percent,
respectively. The increase in marketing expense in 1995 was primarily due to the
full-year inclusion of the international Warner Wellcome joint venture
operations. In 1994 marketing expense increased due to the full-year reporting
of acquired businesses and the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations. As a
percentage of net sales, marketing expense was 36.4% compared with 36.6% in 1994
and 37.9% in 1993, reflecting the company's efforts to contain expenses
associated with marketing combined with strong sales growth during these
periods.

Administrative and general expense in 1995 and 1994 increased 9 percent and 11
percent, respectively. Expenses in 1995 increased primarily due to the full-year
inclusion of the international Warner Wellcome joint venture operations.
Expenses in 1994 increased due to the full-year reporting of the acquired
businesses and the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations. As a percentage of
net sales, administrative and general expense was 6.9%, consistent with 1994 and
1993.

Research and development expense increased 10 percent in 1995 due to higher
spending on Phase III clinical trials. In 1994 research and development expense
declined 2 percent, reflecting reduced spending on selected pharmaceutical
programs. As a percentage of net sales, research and development expense was
7.1% in 1995 and 1994 and 8.0% in 1993. For 1996 the company plans to invest
$553 million in research and development, a projected increase of 10 percent
compared with 1995.

Other (income) expense, net in 1995 included a gain of $117 million from the
sale of the company's PRO toothbrush business. Partially offsetting the gain was
increased interest expense, resulting from both a higher level of average debt
outstanding throughout 1995 and higher interest rates. Other (income) expense,
net in 1994 was unfavorable compared to 1993 due to increased interest expense,
resulting from higher debt levels from the company's 1993 acquisitions and
higher interest rates.

In 1993 the company recorded a net restructuring charge of $525 million pretax
($360 million after tax or $2.67 per share) and in 1991 the company recorded a
net restructuring charge of $544 million pretax ($418 million after tax or $3.11
per share). See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for the detailed
provisions and subsequent utilization of reserves. In 1993 the company estimated
that the 1993 restructuring actions would generate average annual pretax savings
compared with pre-restructuring spending levels of approximately $150 million
by 1997. Similarly, in 1991 the company estimated that the 1991 restructuring
actions would generate approximately $1 billion in cumulative pretax savings
through 1998. The company is unaware of any event that would significantly
change spending or anticipated savings with respect to the 1993 and 1991
restructuring actions. The restructuring activities are proceeding generally as
planned and are expected to be substantially completed by the end of

                                45


 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
1997. The company will invest the savings in its core businesses to further
strengthen its overall competitive position and enhance its long-term
profitability.

The company anticipates that the remaining spending for the 1993 and 1991
restructuring activities will be funded from cash provided by operations.


INCOME TAXES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                    1995        1994       1993
                                    ----        ----       ----
<S>                                 <C>         <C>        <C>  
Effective tax rate before
accounting changes:
  As reported                       24.3%       21.8%      10.5%
  After minority interests
   and excluding net 1993
   restructuring charge             27.4%       24.0%      23.5%
</TABLE>

In 1995 the increases in the company's effective tax rates on a reported basis
and after minority interests were principally due to a greater proportion of the
company's taxable earnings being derived from international businesses located
in higher tax rate jurisdictions. In addition, the rates increased due to the
phase-in of a U.S. tax law enacted in 1993 that changed the way research and
development expenses are charged to foreign source income. These increases were
partially offset by the company's ability to recognize additional deferred tax
assets.

The reported tax rate in 1994 was higher than the reported tax rate in 1993
principally due to the effect in 1993 of a 31.4 percent tax benefit rate
associated with the 1993 restructuring actions. In 1994 the increase in the
company's effective tax rate was due to the tax consequences associated with
research expense and a lower tax benefit from operations in Puerto Rico. These
increases were partially offset by the company's ability to recognize additional
deferred tax assets.

The company anticipates an increase in its effective tax rate in 1996 of
approximately 2 percentage points primarily due to expected changes in the
company's global profit composition.

NET INCOME

In 1995 net income of $740 million and earnings per share of $5.48 increased 7
percent and 6 percent, respectively. Net income in 1995 included a gain of $82
million or $.61 per share on the sale of the PRO toothbrush business. The
devaluation of the Mexican peso in December 1994 lowered earnings per share in
1995 by $.18 per share. Net income in 1994 was $694 million or $5.17 per share
compared to $331 million or $2.45 per share in 1993. Excluding the 1993 net
restructuring charge of $360 million or $2.67 per share and the net impact of
accounting changes adopted in 1993 of $46 million or $.34 per share, 1994 net
income and earnings per share both increased 8 percent.

INFLATION

Inflation has not been a significant factor in Warner-Lambert's business because
of the modest rates of inflation in the U.S. and the principal foreign countries
in which the company maintains operations.



Liquidity and Financial Condition
- ---------------------------------

Selected financial data presented below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    1995        1994        1993
                                    ----        ----        ----
<S>                                  <C>         <C>         <C>
Return on average shareholders'
equity:
  As reported                        36%         43%         23%
  Excluding restructuring and
    accounting changes               36%         43%         40%
Return on average total assets:
  As reported                        13%         13%          7%
  Excluding restructuring and
    accounting changes               13%         13%         14%
</TABLE>

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to $296 million at December 31, 1995, an
increase of $78 million from December 31, 1994. The company also holds $492
million in short-term investments and other nonequity securities (included in
investments and other assets) that do not qualify as cash equivalents,
representing an increase of $91 million since 1994. Combined, cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments and other nonequity securities increased
$169 million compared to 1994. Net debt (total debt less cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments and other nonequity securities) of $741
million at December 31, 1995 decreased $100 million from December 31, 1994.

At December 31, 1994, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $218 million, a
decrease of $223 million from 1993. Short-term investments and other nonequity
securities of $401 million at December 31, 1994 were $240 million higher than
1993. Combined, cash and cash equivalents, short-term 

                                       46


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
investments and other nonequity securities increased $17 million.
Net debt of $841 million at December 31, 1994 increased $243 million from $598
million at December 31, 1993.

Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were $387 million in 1995, $406
million in 1994 and $347 million in 1993. Capital spending commitments planned
by the company for 1996 include the consolidation and upgrading of
manufacturing, distribution and research facilities and organizational
restructuring in connection with the company's restructuring plans announced in
1993 and 1991.

Warner-Lambert continues to have readily available financial resources. The
company has unused available lines of credit from banks totaling $1.4 billion.
In addition, the company's bond ratings by Standard and Poor's Corporation (AA)
and Moody's Investor Services (Aa3) did not change during 1995. The company
expects to finalize its purchase of Glaxo Wellcome's interests in the Warner
Wellcome joint venture operations for $1.05 billion in mid-1996. Management
anticipates that it will borrow the funds to complete this transaction.
Management is confident that the company's cash flow will be adequate to repay
this financing without requiring the disposition of any significant strategic
core business or asset and still allow the company to continue to pay dividends
and maintain its ongoing commitment to research and development, marketing and
capital expenditures.

In January 1996 the Board of Directors approved a 6 percent increase in the
quarterly dividend to $.69 per share payable in the first quarter of 1996. The
Board of Directors also voted in favor of a two-for-one split of Warner-Lambert
common stock, subject to shareholder approval of an increase in the number of
authorized common shares from 300 million to 500 million.

Other
- -----

Continuing its strategy initiated in 1995 the company plans to revitalize its
core businesses through the sale of selected products, non-strategic businesses
and undervalued and nonproductive assets. The asset sales will allow the company
to invest more heavily in its core businesses and to spend more on its Phase III
pharmaceutical compounds, strategic market development, new product launches and
marketing of ZANTAC 75, and will have a positive impact on the company's
reported earnings per share. In February 1996 the company entered into an
agreement to sell Warner Chilcott Laboratories, its generic drug division. The
sale is subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals and is expected to
occur before the end of the first quarter of 1996.

                                47

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>




<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 21

      The following is a list of subsidiaries of Warner-Lambert showing the
state or country of organization and the percentage of voting securities owned
by Warner-Lambert or by subsidiaries of Warner-Lambert as of December 31, 1995.
Except as otherwise indicated, such  subsidiaries  are included  in the
consolidated financial statements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             STATE OR COUNTRY
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                                           OF ORGANIZATION     PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>
Adams Brands, Inc...............................................Philippines     100
American Chicle Company.........................................Delaware        100
Euronett, Inc...................................................Delaware        100
International Affiliated Corporation............................Delaware        100
      Warner-Lambert GmbH.......................................Germany         100 International Affiliated Corporation
               Parke, Davis GmbH................................Germany         100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
               Goedecke Aktiengesellschaft......................Germany         100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
                      Adenylchemie GmbH.........................Germany         100 Goedecke Aktiengesellschaft
                      Goedecke Gesellschaft m.b.H...............Austria         100 Goedecke Aktiengesellschaft
               International Company for Gum and
                     Confectionery (INCOGUM) S.A.E..............Egypt            57 Warner-Lambert GmbH
               PanServ-Anzeigen-Service GmbH....................Germany         100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
               Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin....Germany         100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
                      Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH,
                          Frankfurt.............................Germany         100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                      Wilkinson Sword GmbH......................Austria         100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                      NV Wilkinson Sword S.A....................Belgium         100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                      Wilkinson Sword SpA.......................Italy            99 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                                                                                  1 Wilkinson Sword Limited
                      Wilkinson Sword S.A.E.....................Spain           100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                      Wilkinson Sword Verwaltungs GmbH..........Germany         100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                          W&A Grundstucksverwaltungs GbR........Germany          97 Wilkinson Sword Verwaltungs GmbH
               Warner-Lambert Europaische Beteiligungs GmbH.....Germany         100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
                      Parke-Davis GmbH..........................Austria         100 Warner-Lambert Europaische Beteiligungs GmbH
                      Warner-Lambert (Schweiz) AG...............Switzerland     100 Warner-Lambert Europaische Beteiligungs GmbH
      Warner Lambert Company (M) Sdn Bhd........................Malaysia        100 International Affiliated Corporation
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                                                     Page 2 of 4



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             STATE OR COUNTRY
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                                           OF ORGANIZATION    PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>
Latin American Holdings Inc.....................................Delaware        100
      Laboratorios Laprofa, Sociedad Anonima....................Guatemala       100 Latin American Holdings Inc.
      Warner-Lambert Industria e Comercio Limitada..............Brazil          100 Latin American Holdings Inc.
                Quantum Investments S.A.........................Uruguay         100 Warner-Lambert Industria e Comercio Limitada
                     Adams S.A..................................Argentina       100 Quantum Investments S.A.
Keystone Chemurgic Corp.........................................Delaware        100
      Exchic C.A. Limited.......................................Bermuda          57.4
                                                                                 42.6 Keystone Chemurgic Corp.
      Warner-Lambert Guatemala, S.A.............................Guatemala       100 Keystone Chemurgic Corp.
Lambert & Feasley, Inc..........................................New York        100
Med-Tech Ventures, Inc..........................................Delaware        100
Meito Adams Co., Ltd.* .........................................Japan            50
Parke-Davis Sales Corporation...................................Virgin Islands  100
Parke, Davis & Company ("Parke-Davis")..........................Michigan        100
      Parke-Davis Korea Limited.................................Korea           100 Parke-Davis
      Warner-Lambert de Puerto Rico, Corp.......................Puerto Rico     100 Parke-Davis
      P-D Co., Inc..............................................Delaware        100 Parke-Davis
                Warner-Lambert (Belgium) N.V....................Belgium         100 P-D Co., Inc.
                Capsugel AG.....................................Switzerland     100 P-D Co., Inc.
                Empresas Warner Lambert S.A.....................Chile            90 P-D Co., Inc.
                                                                                 10 Tabor Corporation
                Parke-Davis (Thailand) Limited..................Thailand        100 P-D Co., Inc.
                Parke-Davis ("Parke-Davis France")..............France           84.1 P-D Co., Inc.
                                                                                 14 Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
                                                                                  1.9 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                     Adams France...............................France          100 Parke-Davis France
                     Cachou Lajaunie............................France          100 Parke-Davis France
                     Capsugel France............................France          100 Parke-Davis France
                     Societe Nouvelle des Pastilles de Vichy....France          100 Parke-Davis France
                          C.M.S. Diffusion......................France           99 Societe Nouvelle des Pastilles de Vichy
                                                                                  1 Parke-Davis France
                Warner-Lambert Company AG.......................Switzerland     100 P-D Co., Inc.
                     Adams (Thailand) Limited...................Thailand        100 Warner-Lambert Company AG
                     Warner-Lambert (East Africa) Limited.......Kenya           100 Warner-Lambert Company AG
                     Warner-Lambert Pottery Road Limited........Ireland         100 Warner-Lambert Company AG
<FN>

*  Subsidiary not consolidated
</FN>
</TABLE>




<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                                                     Page 3 of 4


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             STATE OR COUNTRY
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                                           OF ORGANIZATION    PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>

     Parke, Davis & Company, Inc................................Philippines     100 Parke-Davis
     Parke, Davis & Company, Limited............................Pakistan         75.6 Parke-Davis
     Parke Davis International Limited..........................Bahamas         100 Parke-Davis
     Parke Davis Pty. Limited...................................Australia       100 Parke-Davis
              Warner-Lambert Pty. Limited.......................Australia       100 Parke Davis Pty. Limited
     Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited................................United Kingdom  100 Parke-Davis
              Lambert Chemical Company Limited..................United Kingdom  100 Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
              Parke Davis & Co. Limited.........................Jersey, Channel
                                                                Islands         100 Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
              Wilkinson Sword Limited...........................United Kingdom  100 Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
     Warner-Lambert Canada Inc..................................Canada          100 Parke-Davis
              Chilcott Laboratories Canada Inc..................Canada          100 Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
              Parke-Davis Afrique de l'Ouest....................Senegal         100 Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
              Renrall K.K.......................................Japan           100 Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
Parke Davis, S.A................................................Spain            86
                                                                                 14 Warner-Lambert Company AG
Parke-Davis S.p.A...............................................Italy           100 (Indirect)
Parke-Davis Scandinavia AB......................................Sweden          100
Suzhou Capsugel 'r' Ltd. * .....................................People's Republic
                                                                of China         50
Tabor Corporation...............................................Delaware        100
     Chicle Adams, S.A..........................................Colombia         80.3 Tabor Corporation
                                                                                 19.7 Latin American Holdings Inc.
Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich Baensch GmbH...................Germany         100 (Indirect)
     Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH..................................Germany         100 Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich Baensch GmbH
              Biorell GmbH......................................Germany         100 Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH
                   HILENA Biologische und Chemische
                            Erzeugnisse GmbH....................Germany         100 Biorell GmbH
              Zoomedica Frickhinger GmbH........................Germany         100 Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH
      Wilkinson Sword GmbH......................................Germany          51 Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich Baensch GmbH
                                                                                 49 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
Warner-Chilcott Inc.............................................Delaware        100
Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A. de C.V...........................Mexico          100
     Chicle Adams, S.A. de C.V..................................Mexico          100 Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
     Compania Medicinal La Campana, S.A. de C.V.................Mexico          100 Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
     Warner Lambert Distribuidora, S.A. de C.V..................Mexico          100 Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
<FN>

*  Subsidiary not consolidated
</FN>
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                                                     Page 4 of 4


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             STATE OR COUNTRY
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                                           OF ORGANIZATION    PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
<S>                                                             <C>              <C>

Warner-Lambert de Venezuela S.A.................................Venezuela        93.2
                                                                                  6.8 Parke-Davis
     Chicle Adams, S.A..........................................Venezuela       100 Warner-Lambert de Venezuela S.A.
     Laboratorios Substantia, C.A...............................Venezuela        80 Warner-Lambert de Venezuela S.A.
Warner-Lambert Europe N.V.......................................Belgium         100
Warner-Lambert Holland B.V......................................Netherlands     100
        Parke-Davis B.V.........................................Netherlands     100 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
              Substantia - Produtos Farmaceuticos, Limitada.....Portugal         97.5 Parke-Davis B.V.
                                                                                  2.5 Parke-Davis France
        Schick Nederland B.V....................................Netherlands     100 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
             Warner Lambert A.E.................................Greece           99 Schick Nederland B.V.
                                                                                  1 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
        Wilkinson Sword B.V.....................................Netherlands     100 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
Warner-Lambert Inc..............................................Nevada          100
Warner-Lambert India Private Limited............................India           100
Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited..................................Ireland         100 (Indirect)
        Warner-Lambert Distributors (Ireland) Ltd...............Ireland         100 Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
        Warner-Lambert Export Limited...........................Ireland         100 Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
Warner-Lambert KK...............................................Japan           100
Warner-Lambert Ltd..............................................Delaware        100
        Warner-Lambert de Panama, Sociedad Anonima..............Panama          100 Warner-Lambert Ltd.
Warner-Lambert Manufacturing (Ireland) Ltd......................Cayman Islands,
                                                                British West
                                                                Indies          100
Warner Lambert (NZ) Limited.....................................New Zealand     100
Warner-Lambert Philippines, Inc.................................Philippines     100
Warner-Lambert (Portugal) Comercio e Industria, Limitada........Portugal        100
Warner-Lambert S.A. (Proprietary) Limited.......................South Africa    100
        Wilcox Sweets (Proprietary) Limited.....................South Africa    100 Warner-Lambert S.A. (Proprietary) Limited
Warner-Lambert (Thailand) Limited...............................Thailand        100 (Indirect)
Willinger Bros., Inc............................................Delaware        100
Warner Wellcome Consumer Healthcare .............................New York        70 (Profit share)
</TABLE>


The foregoing list omits 9 domestic subsidiaries and 76 foreign subsidiaries
which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant
subsidiary.

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23
 
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
 
     We  hereby consent  to the incorporation  by reference  in the Prospectuses
constituting part of the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration  Nos.
33-21123,  2-86826, 33-17584, 33-28375, 33-12209,  33-49244 and 33-57918) and on
Form S-3 (Registration  Nos. 33-4049, 33-38725  and 33-55692) of  Warner-Lambert
Company  of  our  report  dated  January  22,  1996  appearing  on  page  41  of
Warner-Lambert  Company's   1995  Annual   Report  to   Shareholders  which   is
incorporated  in  this  Annual Report  on  Form  10-K. We  also  consent  to the
incorporation by reference of  our report on  the Financial Statement  Schedule,
which appears on page 20 of this Form 10-K.
 
                                          PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
 
4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey 07962
March 21, 1996
 

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                              5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AT DECEMBER 31, 1995 AND FROM THE RELATED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE 12 MONTH PERIOD ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 1995 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                           1,000,000
       
<S>                                    <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                          12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                  DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                                       DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                                     296
<SECURITIES>                                               267
<RECEIVABLES>                                            1,240
<ALLOWANCES>                                                 0
<INVENTORY>                                                646
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                         2,778
<PP&E>                                                   3,416
<DEPRECIATION>                                           1,410
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                           6,101
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                    2,425
<BONDS>                                                    635
<COMMON>                                                   160
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                        0
<PREFERRED>                                                  0
<OTHER-SE>                                               2,086
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                             6,101
<SALES>                                                  7,040
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                         7,040
<CGS>                                                    2,428
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                            2,428
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                             0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                             0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                         123
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                          1,149
<INCOME-TAX>                                               279
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                        740
<DISCONTINUED>                                               0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                              0
<CHANGES>                                                    0
<NET-INCOME>                                               740
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                             5.48
<EPS-DILUTED>                                                0
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
