-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 oFkkP1mKNH23oD9xRVMgOWd7rGh/JG+HF0Tj34IXXbhCaR2Mc6sE6OIdePgOF3Qx
 hRiHpBu0tl50Zt8TwWZQsw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950117-94-000071.txt : 19940324
<IMS-HEADER>0000950117-94-000071.hdr.sgml : 19940324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950117-94-000071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WARNER LAMBERT CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2834
		IRS NUMBER:				221598912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03608
		FILM NUMBER:		94517290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 TABOR RD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2015402000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WARNER LAMBERT PHARMACEUTICAL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19701230
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WARNER LAMBERT 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
________________________________________________________________________________
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------
                                   FORM 10-K
 
<TABLE>
<S>          <C>
(MARK ONE)
    [x]                                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                                              THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                          FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                              OR
    [ ]                              TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                                              THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                         FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO
</TABLE>
 
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-3608
 
                            ------------------------
                             WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
                            ------------------------
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                               <C>
              DELAWARE                          201 TABOR ROAD                        22-1598912
  (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF      MORRIS PLAINS, NEW JERSEY 07950             (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
   INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)           (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL                IDENTIFICATION NO.)
                                       EXECUTIVE OFFICES INCLUDING ZIP
                                                    CODE)
</TABLE>
 
                                  201-540-2000
              (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)
 
                            ------------------------
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                      TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                        WHICH REGISTERED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>
Common Stock (Par Value $1 Per Share)                            The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Pacific Stock Exchange, Inc.
Rights to Purchase Series A                                      The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock                         The Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Pacific Stock Exchange, Inc.
</TABLE>
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                     None.
 
     Indicate  by check  mark whether the  registrant (1) has  filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of  the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934  during  the preceding  12  months (or  for  such shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports)  and (2) has been subject to  such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES [x]  NO [ ].
 
     Indicate  by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge, in definitive  proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]
 
     The  aggregate market value  of the voting stock  held by non-affiliates of
Warner-Lambert Company as of February 25, 1994 was approximately $8,412,264,882.
 
     The number of  shares outstanding of  each of the  registrant's classes  of
Common  Stock as of February 25, 1994  was 133,672,347 shares, Common Stock, par
value $1.00 per share.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
     Portions of the  Warner-Lambert Company Annual  Report to Shareholders  for
1993 -- Part I, Part II and Part IV.
 
     Portions  of  the Proxy  Statement for  Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders of
Warner-Lambert Company to be held April 26, 1994 -- Part III.
 
________________________________________________________________________________

<PAGE>
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
 
     The  term  'Warner-Lambert'  or  'the  Company'  refers  to  Warner-Lambert
Company, a  Delaware  corporation organized  in  that  state in  1920,  and  its
consolidated  subsidiaries  unless  otherwise indicated  or  unless  the context
otherwise requires.
 
     Industry Segments and Geographic  Areas. Financial information by  industry
segment  and geographic area for  the years 1993, 1992  and 1991 is presented in
the Warner-Lambert 1993 Annual Report as set forth below.
 
     The summary  of Warner-Lambert's  industry segments,  geographic areas  and
related  financial  information,  set  forth  in  Note  20  to  the consolidated
financial statements on  page 47 of  the Warner-Lambert 1993  Annual Report,  is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
     All  product names appearing in capitalized  letters in this report on Form
10-K,  with   the  exception   of  ZOVIRAX   and  ZANTAC,   are  trademarks   of
Warner-Lambert,  its affiliates,  related companies  or licensors.  ZOVIRAX is a
registered trademark of Wellcome plc. ZANTAC is a registered trademark of  Glaxo
Holdings plc.
 
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
 
     A detailed description of Warner-Lambert's industry segments is as follows:
 
  Pharmaceutical Products
 
     The  principal products  of Warner-Lambert  in its  Pharmaceutical Products
segment  are  ethical  pharmaceuticals,  biologicals,  specialty  chemicals  and
capsules.
 
     Ethical Pharmaceuticals and Biologicals: Warner-Lambert manufactures and/or
sells, in the United States and/or internationally, an extensive line of ethical
pharmaceuticals,  biologicals and specialty chemicals under trademarks and trade
names such  as PARKE-DAVIS  and GOEDECKE.  Among these  products are  analgesics
(PONSTAN,   PONSTEL,  EASPRIN,  VALORON,  VALORON-N  and  VEGANIN),  anesthetics
(KETALAR), anthelmintics  (VANQUIN),  anticonvulsants  (DILANTIN,  ZARONTIN  and
NEURONTIN),   anti-infectives   (CHLOROMYCETIN,  COLYMYCIN,   DORYX,   ERYC  and
MANDELAMINE),  antihistamines   (BENADRYL),   antivaricosities   (HEPATHROMBIN),
anti-viral   agents  (VIRA-A),  bronchodilators   (CHOLEDYL  and  CHOLEDYL  SA),
cardiovascular  products  (NOVADRAL,  DILZEM,  PROCAN  SR,  ACCUPRIL,  ACCUZIDE,
ACCURETIC  and  NITROSTAT), cognition  drugs  for treatment  of mild-to-moderate
Alzheimer's disease (COGNEX),  dermatologics (BEBEN  and UTICORT),  prescription
hemorrhoidal preparations (ANUSOL HC), hemostatic agents (THROMBOSTAT), hormonal
agents  (PITRESSIN),  influenza  vaccines (FLUOGEN),  lipid  regulators (LOPID),
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories  (MECLOMEN),  oral  contraceptives  (LOESTRIN),
oxytocics  (PITOCIN),  psychotherapeutic  products (CETAL  RETARD,  DEMETRIN and
NARDIL) and urinary analgesics (PYRIDIUM).  These products are promoted for  the
most part directly to health care professionals through personal solicitation of
doctors  and  other  professionals  by  sales  representatives  with  scientific
training, direct mail contact and advertising in professional journals. They are
sold either directly or  through wholesalers to  government agencies, chain  and
independent  retail  pharmacies,  physician supply  houses,  hospitals, clinics,
convalescent and nursing homes, mail order houses, health care professionals and
health maintenance  organizations. For  further discussion  of  Warner-Lambert's
ethical products, see 'Regulation' below.
 
     On September 9, 1993, Warner-Lambert received marketing approval for COGNEX
(Warner-Lambert's  trademark for tacrine or  THA), the first effective treatment
for mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease, in the United States and began to ship
the product in late September. Warner-Lambert is attempting to obtain  marketing
approval for COGNEX in other major markets such as Europe and Canada.
 
     Warner-Lambert  received clearance on December 30, 1993 to market NEURONTIN
(gabapentin capsules) in the United States as add-on therapy in the treatment of
certain types of adult epilepsy (i.e.,
 
                                       1
 
<PAGE>
partial seizures,  with and  without secondary  generalization).  Warner-Lambert
began marketing NEURONTIN in the United Kingdom in 1993.
 
     On  January 4,  1993, the  U.S. patent  covering LOPID,  a lipid regulator,
expired,  subjecting   LOPID  to   generic   competition.  In   December   1992,
Warner-Lambert  began marketing  gemfibrozil, the  generic equivalent  of LOPID,
through its division, Warner Chilcott  Laboratories, as described below. In  the
third  quarter of 1993, two competitive  generic versions of gemfibrozil tablets
received marketing approval in  the United States.  Combined worldwide sales  of
LOPID  and gemfibrozil declined in  1993 and are expected  to decline further in
1994.
 
     Warner-Lambert has a separate division, Warner Chilcott Laboratories, which
is dedicated solely to the  generic drug business. Warner Chilcott  Laboratories
is  a manufacturer  and/or marketer of  80 generic  drugs including gemfibrozil,
carbamazapine chewable,  hydrocodone  with acetaminophen,  nitroglycerin  patch,
potassium  chloride ER, sulindac,  and a line  of generic antibiotics, including
ampicillin, amoxicillin, penicillin, cephalexin and minocycline. These  products
are promoted directly to the pharmacy community and are sold principally to drug
wholesalers, chain and retail pharmacies and health maintenance organizations.
 
     In  January 1993, Warner-Lambert  acquired a 34  percent equity interest in
Jouveinal S.A.,  a French  pharmaceutical company,  and entered  into a  license
option agreement that grants Warner-Lambert the right of first refusal as to the
licensing   of  future  Jouveinal   products  outside  of   France,  Canada  and
French-speaking Africa.
 
     Capsules:  Warner-Lambert  is  the  leading  worldwide  producer  of  empty
hard-gelatin  capsules used by pharmaceutical  companies for their production of
encapsulated products. These capsules are used by Warner-Lambert or manufactured
by Warner-Lambert according to the specifications  of each of its customers  and
are sold under such trademarks as CAPSUGEL, CONI-SNAP and SNAP-FIT.
 
  Consumer Health Care Products
 
     The  principal  products  of  Warner-Lambert in  its  Consumer  Health Care
Products segment are  over-the-counter products, shaving  products and pet  care
products.
 
     Over-the-counter Products: Warner-Lambert manufactures and/or sells, in the
United States and/or internationally, a line of over-the-counter pharmaceuticals
and  health  care products,  including antacids  (ROLAIDS, SODIUM  FREE ROLAIDS,
EXTRA  STRENGTH  ROLAIDS  and  GELUSIL),  dermatological  products   (LUBRIDERM,
LUBRIDERM  BODY BAR, LUBRIDERM  LOOFA BAR, ROSKEN SKIN  REPAIR, CORN HUSKERS and
LISTEREX), sinus  preparations (SINUTAB),  antihistamines and  allergy  products
(BENADRYL,  BENADRYL-D,  BENADRYL  COLD,  BENADRYL  DAY  &  NIGHT  and  BENADRYL
ALLERGY/SINUS/HEADACHE), hemorrhoidal  preparations  (ANUSOL,  ANUSOL  HC-1  and
TUCKS),    vaginal   moisturizers    (REPLENS),   laxatives    (AGORAL),   cough
syrups/suppressants  (BENYLIN,   BENYLIN-DM,   BENYLIN   DECONGESTANT,   BENYLIN
EXPECTORANT and BENYLIN PEDIATRIC), cough tablets (HALLS and HALLS-PLUS), throat
drops   (HALLS   SOOTHERS),  vitamin   C   drops  (HALLS),   vitamins  (MYADEC),
antipruritics (CALADRYL, BENADRYL spray and cream and STINGOSE), rubbing alcohol
(LAVACOL), hydrogen peroxide  (PROXACOL), self-diagnostic  early pregnancy  test
kits   (e.p.t'r'  stick  test),  oral   antiseptics  (LISTERINE  and  COOL  MINT
LISTERINE),  mouthwash/anticavity  dental  rinses  (LISTERMINT  with  fluoride),
effervescent denture cleaning tablets and denture cleanser pastes (EFFERDENT and
FRESH  'N BRITE) and denture adhesives  (EFFERGRIP). These products are promoted
principally through consumer advertising and  promotional programs and some  are
promoted  directly to  health care professionals.  They are  sold principally to
drug wholesalers,  chain  and  retail pharmacies,  chain  and  independent  food
stores, mass merchandisers, physician supply houses and hospitals.
 
     In  December  1993, Warner-Lambert  signed  separate agreements  with Glaxo
Holdings plc ('Glaxo') and Wellcome plc ('Wellcome') to establish joint ventures
in various countries to develop and market non-prescription consumer health care
products.
 
     Pursuant to the agreements  with Glaxo, Warner-Lambert  and Glaxo formed  a
joint venture in the United States named Glaxo Warner-Lambert OTC G.P. The joint
venture will develop, seek approval
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
of  and  market over-the-counter  versions of  Glaxo  prescription drugs  in the
United States,  including  ZANTAC,  the  leading  prescription  ulcer  treatment
product.  The joint venture will concentrate  initially on developing ZANTAC for
sale as  an over-the-counter  product  in the  United States.  Additional  joint
ventures are expected to be formed with Glaxo in other major markets outside the
United States, excluding Japan. Direction of the joint ventures will be provided
by  a  management committee  of  representatives from  each  company. Day-to-day
operations will be the responsibility of Warner-Lambert, and the joint ventures'
over-the-counter products will be sold by Warner-Lambert's consumer health  care
products  sales and  marketing organization, which  in most countries  will be a
Warner Wellcome joint venture, as described below. Warner-Lambert and Glaxo will
share development costs and profits equally,  with Glaxo receiving a royalty  on
all over-the-counter sales by the joint ventures.
 
     Pursuant  to  the  agreements with  Wellcome,  Warner-Lambert  and Wellcome
formed a joint venture in the United States and a joint venture in Canada,  each
named  Warner Wellcome Consumer Health Products.  Joint ventures are expected to
be established by  Warner-Lambert and  Wellcome in Europe,  Australia and  other
countries  throughout  the  world.  The alliance  calls  for  both  companies to
contribute to the  joint ventures current  and future over-the-counter  products
(excluding  HALLS and ROLAIDS products). Under  the agreements, after a two-year
phase-in  period,  Warner-Lambert   and  Wellcome   respectively  will   receive
approximately  70 percent and 30 percent of  the profits generated in the United
States. A New Drug  Application ('NDA') for  the conversion to  over-the-counter
use of Wellcome's anti-viral drug ZOVIRAX as an anti-herpes medication was filed
with  the U.S. Food and  Drug Administration ('FDA') in  August 1993. Subject to
such conversion, over-the-counter profits on  ZOVIRAX in the United States  will
be shared in favor of the innovator, Wellcome.
 
     Profits  on current  products will  be shared  equally in  Canada and, when
joint ventures are established in such countries, in Australia and the  European
countries.  Profits  on ZOVIRAX  cream outside  the United  States will  also be
shared equally, subject  to a royalty  to Wellcome if  sales exceed a  threshold
amount.  Other  future over-the-counter  switch products  will  be subject  to a
profit split favoring the innovator.
 
     Warner-Lambert will  be the  managing partner  of the  joint ventures  with
Wellcome  (referred  to  herein  as  the  'Warner  Wellcome'  joint  ventures or
organizations), with  day-to-day  operating responsibility.  Each  partner  will
continue to manufacture products it contributes to the joint ventures.
 
     Glaxo  Warner-Lambert OTC G.P.  commenced operations in  December 1993. The
Warner Wellcome  joint  ventures  in  the United  States  and  Canada  commenced
operations  in January  1994. Warner Wellcome  organizations are  expected to be
formed in Europe and Australia in 1994.
 
     Shaving Products:  Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  sells  razors  and
blades,  both domestically  and internationally.  In March  1993, Warner-Lambert
acquired the  European, U.S.  and  Canadian operations  of Wilkinson  Sword,  an
international  manufacturer and marketer of  razors and blades. Shaving products
are manufactured and/or  marketed under the  SCHICK, WILKINSON, WILKINSON  SWORD
and  related trademarks.  Permanent (nondisposable) products  marketed under the
SCHICK trademark include TRACER/FX, SUPER II,  SUPER II PLUS, ULTREX PLUS,  SLIM
TWIN,  ADVANTAGE,  PERSONAL TOUCH  and INJECTOR  PLUS CHROMIUM.  Disposable twin
blade products marketed  under the SCHICK  trademark include SCHICK  DISPOSABLE,
SLIM  TWIN, PERSONAL TOUCH, PERSONAL TOUCH  SLIM and ULTREX DISPOSABLE. Products
marketed under the WILKINSON or WILKINSON SWORD trademarks include nondisposable
systems such as PROTECTOR, PROFILE, SYSTEM II and DUPLO, and disposable products
that include  COLOURS, PRONTO,  RETRACTOR, RETRACTOR  TWIN, SHAVA  II and  ULTRA
CARESSE  LADYSHAVER.  These products  are distributed  directly to  large retail
outlets, as well as to wholesalers for sale to smaller retailers, drugstores and
pharmacies. Retail outlets include  pharmacies, food stores, department  stores,
variety stores, mass merchandisers and other miscellaneous outlets.
 
     Pet  Care Products: Warner-Lambert manufactures  and sells various products
on a worldwide basis for  ornamental fish and for other  small pets, as well  as
books  relating  to various  pets, under  the trademark  TETRA. In  addition, in
September 1993 Warner-Lambert acquired Willinger Bros., Inc., a manufacturer and
distributor of  aquarium  products  (including  power  filters  and  replacement
cartridges,  air pumps, plastic plants and  other accessories) that are marketed
largely under the WHISPER and SECONDNATURE trademarks. These  pet care  products
are promoted to consumers through
 
                                       3
 
<PAGE>
cooperative   advertising  and   to  retailers  through   direct  promotion  and
advertising in trade  publications. They  are sold  to wholesalers  for sale  to
smaller  retailers and  directly to larger  chain stores and  retailers, in each
case for ultimate sale to consumers.
 
  Confectionery Products
 
     The principal  products of  Warner-Lambert  in its  Confectionery  Products
segment are chewing gums and breath mints.
 
     Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  sells, in  the  United  States and/or
internationally, a  broad line  of chewing  gums and  breath mints,  as well  as
specialty  candies. Among these products are slab chewing gums (TRIDENT, DENTYNE
and DENTYNE SUGARFREE),  chunk bubble gums  (BUBBLICIOUS, BUBBLICIOUS MONDO  and
TRIDENT  SOFT),  center-filled gums  (FRESHEN-UP), candy-coated  gums (CHICLETS,
CHICLETS TINY  SIZE  and CLORETS)  and  stick gums  (CLORETS,  CINN*A*BURST  and
MINT*A*BURST).  The breath mint line  includes CERTS, SUGARFREE CERTS, SUGARFREE
CERTS MINI-MINTS, CERTS EXTRA  FLAVOR and CLORETS.  These products are  promoted
directly  to the  consumer primarily  through consumer  advertising and in-store
promotion programs. They are sold directly to chain and independent food stores,
chain pharmacies and mass merchandisers or through candy and tobacco wholesalers
and to other miscellaneous outlets which in turn sell to consumers.
 
     In the  fourth quarter  of  1993, Warner-Lambert  sold  the assets  of  its
chocolate/caramel business, including the Junior Mints'r', Sugar Daddy'r', Sugar
Babies'r',  Charleston  Chew!'r'  and Pom  Poms'r'  product lines,  in  order to
refocus  its  resources  on  its  core  pharmaceutical  and  consumer   products
businesses.
 
  Novon Products Group
 
     NOVON is the trademark for a family of specialty polymers based upon starch
and   other  fully  biodegradable  materials.  Warner-Lambert  discontinued  the
operations of its  Novon Products Group  as of November  30, 1993, primarily  in
order  to focus  its resources  on its  core business  areas. Warner-Lambert has
entered into  agreements with  licensees and  is currently  in discussions  with
respect  to  the sale  of  substantially all  of  the intellectual  property and
certain  other  assets  of  the  business.   In  the  first  quarter  of   1993,
Warner-Lambert  recorded  a one-time  charge of  $70 million  before tax  or $45
million after-tax,  in connection  with the  disposition of  the Novon  Products
Group.  The  charge included  a  write-down of  Novon's  physical assets  to net
realizable value, as well as a provision for additional anticipated costs to  be
incurred during the phase-out period.
 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
 
     Although Warner-Lambert has globalized its organization on a segment basis,
Warner-Lambert's  international  businesses are  carried on  principally through
subsidiaries and branches, which are  generally staffed and managed by  citizens
of the countries in which they operate. Approximately 23,000 of Warner-Lambert's
employees  are located outside the United States and only a small number of such
employees are United States  citizens. Certain of  the products discussed  above
are  manufactured and marketed solely  in the United States  and certain of such
products are manufactured and marketed solely in one or more foreign countries.
 
     International  sales  to  unaffiliated   customers  in  1993  amounted   to
approximately  53% of worldwide sales. International sales do not include United
States export sales, which represent less  than 1% of domestic sales. The  seven
largest markets with respect to the distribution of Warner-Lambert products sold
outside  the  United States  during 1993  were  Japan, Germany,  Canada, Mexico,
France, the  United Kingdom  and Italy.  Sales in  these markets  accounted  for
approximately  64% of Warner-Lambert's international  sales, with no one country
accounting for more than 17% of international sales.
 
     The international  operations  are subject  to  certain risks  inherent  in
carrying  on business abroad,  including possible nationalization, expropriation
and other  governmental action,  as well  as fluctuations  in currency  exchange
rates.
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
RESTRUCTURING
 
     In   November  1993,  Warner-Lambert  announced   a  program  covering  the
rationalization of  manufacturing  facilities,  principally  in  North  America,
including  the eventual closing of seven plants, an organizational restructuring
and related workforce reductions of approximately 2,800 positions over the  next
several  years. The  program was  prompted by the  combined impact  of rapid and
profound changes in the Company's competitive environment, including the growing
impact of managed health care and  other cost-containment efforts in the  United
States,  cost regulations in Europe and changes in U.S. tax law (discussed below
under the  caption 'Regulation').  For  further discussion  of  Warner-Lambert's
restructuring,  see 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations -- Restructuring Actions' and Note 3 to the  Company's
consolidated  financial statements, contained in  the Warner-Lambert 1993 Annual
Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
COMPETITION
 
     Most markets in which Warner-Lambert is engaged are highly competitive  and
characterized  by substantial expenditures  in the advertising  and promotion of
new and existing products. In addition, there is intense competition in research
and development in all of  Warner-Lambert's industry segments. No material  part
of  the business of any of  Warner-Lambert's industry segments is dependent upon
one or a few customers. However, the Company cannot predict what effect, if any,
the health care  proposals described  below under the  caption 'Regulation'  may
have on its operations.
 
MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES
 
     Warner-Lambert's products, in general, are produced and packaged at its own
facilities.  Other than certain generic drug  products, relatively few items are
manufactured in  whole  or in  part  by  outside suppliers.  Raw  materials  and
packaging  supplies are purchased from a  variety of outside suppliers. The loss
of any one source of supply would not have a material effect on the business  of
any  of  Warner-Lambert's  industry segments.  Warner-Lambert  seeks  to protect
against fluctuating  costs  and to  assure  availability of  raw  materials  and
packaging  supplies  by, among  other  things, locating  alternative  sources of
supply and, in some instances, making selective advance purchases.
 
TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
 
     Warner-Lambert's major  trademarks are  protected  by registration  in  the
United   States   and  other   countries  where   its  products   are  marketed.
Warner-Lambert believes these trademarks are  important to the marketing of  the
related products and acts to protect them from infringement. Warner-Lambert owns
many  patents and has many patent applications  pending in the patent offices of
the United States and other countries. Although a number of products and product
lines have  patent protection  that  is significant  in  the marketing  of  such
products,  the management  of Warner-Lambert does  not consider  that any single
patent or related group of patents is material to Warner-Lambert's business as a
whole or any of  its industry segments.  On January 4,  1993, the United  States
patent  for LOPID expired, subjecting LOPID to generic competition, as discussed
above under the caption 'Business Segments -- Pharmaceutical Products'.
 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
 
     Warner-Lambert employs  over 2,000  scientific and  technical personnel  in
research  and development activities  at various research  facilities located in
the  United   States  and   in   foreign  countries.   Warner-Lambert   invested
approximately  $465 million in  research and development  in 1993, compared with
$473 million in 1992 and $423 million in 1991. Approximately eighty-two  percent
(82%)  of  Warner-Lambert's  1993  research  and  development  spending  was for
research and  development  related to  pharmaceutical  products.  Warner-Lambert
believes  research and development activities are  essential to its business and
intends to continue such activities.
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
EMPLOYEES
 
     At  December  31,  1993  approximately  35,000  people  were  employed   by
Warner-Lambert throughout the world.
 
REGULATION
 
     Warner-Lambert's  business is  subject to  varying degrees  of governmental
regulation in the countries in  which it manufactures and distributes  products,
and the general trend in these countries is toward more stringent regulation.
 
     In  the United  States, the  food, drug  and cosmetic  industries have been
subject to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies with  respect
to product safety and effectiveness, manufacturing and advertising and labeling.
Accordingly,  from  time  to time,  with  respect to  particular  products under
review, such agencies  may require  Warner-Lambert to  participate in  meetings,
whether  public or  private, to  address safety,  efficacy, manufacturing and/or
regulatory issues, to conduct  additional testing or  to modify its  advertising
and/or labeling.
 
     During the third quarter of 1993, a consent decree with the FDA was entered
into  by  Warner-Lambert  and Melvin  R.  Goodes, Chairman  and  Chief Executive
Officer, and Lodewijk  J. R.  de Vink,  President and  Chief Operating  Officer,
covering issues related to compliance with manufacturing and quality procedures.
The  decree is a court-approved agreement that primarily requires Warner-Lambert
to certify that laboratory and/or manufacturing procedures at its pharmaceutical
manufacturing facilities in the United States and Puerto Rico meet current  Good
Manufacturing  Practices established by the FDA.  Under the terms of the decree,
Warner-Lambert was permitted to ship inventory existing at the time of entry  of
the  decree  of most  of its  products, and  has been  permitted to  continue to
manufacture and ship prescription  medications deemed medically necessary  while
the  certification process is  ongoing. The manufacture  and distribution of its
remaining products  was suspended  pending completion  of certain  certification
procedures.  Warner-Lambert's  manufacturing facilities  in the  mainland United
States  quickly  resumed  substantially  full   operations.  The  bulk  of   the
prescription products manufactured at the two Puerto Rico facilities were deemed
medically  necessary  and had  no significant  interruption  in supply,  and the
production of certain other products  has been transferred from such  facilities
to  mainland U.S.  facilities or sourced  from third parties.  There are several
prescription products that  have not  yet returned to  the market  or have  been
withdrawn.  It is not  possible to predict when  the manufacturing facilities in
Puerto Rico  will  be fully  operational,  although Warner-Lambert  is  actively
working with outside experts and the FDA to accomplish this as soon as possible.
Compliance  with FDA restrictions, including the  consent decree, resulted in an
estimated aggregate loss of sales revenue of approximately $135 million in 1993.
 
     Pursuant to the FDA's Application Integrity Policy, Warner-Lambert, through
independent experts in pharmaceutical manufacturing, is also conducting validity
assessments of FDA filings made with  respect to products manufactured or to  be
manufactured  at its facilities  in Vega Baja  and Fajardo, Puerto  Rico, due to
discrepancies found in data generated at those facilities. The FDA has  deferred
substantive  scientific  reviews  of  pending  NDA's  and  Abbreviated  New Drug
Applications ('ANDA's')  for products  to be  manufactured at  these  facilities
(including  the oral contraceptive  ESTROSTEP), and for  supplements to NDA's or
ANDA's for products  currently manufactured at  these facilities, until  further
assessments  of Warner-Lambert  filings are completed.  The FDA  did not suspend
review of  two  potentially  medically important  drugs,  COGNEX  (tacrine)  and
NEURONTIN (gabapentin), discussed under the caption 'Business
Segments  --  Pharmaceutical  Products'  above,  both  of  which  obtained  U.S.
marketing approval in 1993. Warner-Lambert has pledged its full cooperation  and
has actively worked with the FDA in order to resolve all issues relating to this
matter.  Warner-Lambert expects to file  shortly the expert validity assessments
that have not yet been filed. The FDA will review all of these filings, as  well
as  a Corrective Action Plan the  Company is currently preparing, which outlines
mechanisms in place to prevent a recurrence of the data integrity issue. The FDA
will then inspect the two facilities prior to lifting the Application  Integrity
Policy. It is not possible to predict when the Application Integrity Policy will
be lifted or whether the FDA will take additional action.
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
     Regulatory  requirements concerning  the research  and development  of drug
products have  increased in  complexity  and scope  in  recent years.  This  has
resulted in a substantial increase in the time and expense required to bring new
products  to market.  At the  same time,  the FDA  requirements for  approval of
generic drugs  (drugs containing  the  same active  chemical as  an  innovator's
product)  have been decreased  by the adoption of  abbreviated new drug approval
procedures for most generic drugs. Generic versions of many of  Warner-Lambert's
products  in the Pharmaceutical Products segment are being marketed, and generic
substitution legislation, which  permits a  pharmacist to  substitute a  generic
version  of a drug for the one prescribed,  has been enacted in some form in all
states. These  factors  have  resulted in  increased  competition  from  generic
manufacturers  in the market  for ethical products. For  example, LOPID has been
subject to this  increased competition since  its patent expired  on January  4,
1993,  as discussed above under the caption 'Business Segments -- Pharmaceutical
Products'.
 
     Federal legislation  enacted  in late  1990  prohibits the  expenditure  of
federal  Medicaid funds for outpatient drugs  of manufacturers that do not agree
to pay specified rebates. Similar legislation has been enacted in several states
extending rebates to  state administered  non-Medicaid programs.  Warner-Lambert
has  been adhering to such rebate programs and other related rebate programs and
has incurred rebate  expenses of  $57 million, $37  million and  $15 million  in
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. However, Warner-Lambert does not believe such
rebate  expenses have  had, or  will have,  a material  adverse effect  upon its
financial position.
 
     The Clinton Administration  has identified the  containment of health  care
costs as a major priority. The Administration's proposed health care plan, along
with  a  number  of alternative  proposals,  has negative  implications  for the
pharmaceutical industry.  Although Warner-Lambert  cannot predict  at this  time
which  legislation, if any, will be enacted,  it is likely that such legislation
would result in increased pressures on the operating results of  Warner-Lambert.
In  addition, primarily as  a result of  the passage by  Congress of the Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation  Act of  1993, including  changes to  Section 936  of  the
Internal Revenue Code, Warner-Lambert estimates that its effective tax rate will
increase in 1994 by approximately 1.5 to 2.5 percentage points.
 
     The  regulatory agencies  under whose purview  Warner-Lambert operates have
administrative and legal powers that may subject Warner-Lambert and its products
to seizure actions, product recalls and  other civil and criminal actions.  They
may   also   subject  the   industry   to  emergency   regulatory  requirements.
Warner-Lambert's policy is to comply fully with all regulatory requirements.  It
is  impossible to predict,  however, what effect,  if any, these  matters or any
pending or future legislation, regulations  or governmental actions may have  on
the conduct of Warner-Lambert's business in the future.
 
     In  most of the foreign countries where Warner-Lambert does business, it is
subject to a regulatory and legislative  climate similar to or more  restrictive
than  that described above. Certain health  care reform measures enacted in 1993
in Germany,  including  the imposition  of  price reductions  on  pharmaceutical
products  and  prescribing restrictions  on doctors,  had  a negative  impact on
Warner-Lambert's pharmaceutical operations in Germany  in 1993 and are  expected
to  have a negative impact  on such operations in  1994. The long-term impact of
such measures on Warner-Lambert's operations cannot be assessed at this time.
 
ENVIRONMENT
 
     Warner-Lambert is responsible for compliance with a number of environmental
laws and  regulations.  While  Warner-Lambert  has  maintained  control  systems
designed  to assure compliance in all  material respects with environmental laws
and regulations, during 1993  it initiated a worldwide  audit program to  assure
environmental   compliance  with  a  growing   number  of  increasingly  complex
environmental regulations. Warner-Lambert is  involved in various  environmental
matters, including actions initiated by the Environmental Protection Agency (the
'EPA')   under  the  Comprehensive   Environmental  Response,  Compensation  and
Liability Act, also known  as Superfund, by state  agencies under similar  state
legislation,   or  by  other  parties.  The  Company  is  presently  remediating
environmental problems at  certain sites, including  sites it previously  owned.
While  it is not  possible to predict  the outcome of  the proceedings described
above or the  ultimate costs  of remediation, the  management of  Warner-Lambert
believes  it is  unlikely that their  ultimate disposition will  have a material
adverse effect
 
                                       7
 
<PAGE>
on Warner-Lambert's  financial  position, liquidity,  cash  flow or  results  of
operations  for any  year. Actions  with respect  to environmental  programs and
compliance   result   in   operating   expenses   and   capital    expenditures.
Warner-Lambert's capital expenditures with respect to environmental programs and
compliance in 1993 were not, and in 1994 are not expected to be, material to the
business of Warner-Lambert.
 
     For  additional information relating to  environmental matters, see Note 14
to the consolidated financial  statements, 'Environmental Liabilities', on  page
43 of the Warner-Lambert 1993 Annual Report, incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
 
     The  executive offices of Warner-Lambert are  located in Morris Plains, New
Jersey. In  the  United  States,  including  Puerto  Rico,  Warner-Lambert  owns
facilities aggregating approximately 6,464,000 square feet and leases facilities
having an aggregate of approximately 874,000 square feet.
 
     Warner-Lambert's principal U.S. manufacturing plants are located in Lititz,
Pennsylvania  (pharmaceuticals  and  consumer health  care);  Rockford, Illinois
(confectionery and consumer health care); Rochester, Michigan (pharmaceuticals);
Holland, Michigan (pharmaceuticals); Greenwood,  South Carolina (capsules);  and
Milford,  Connecticut (razors and  blades). Warner-Lambert Inc.,  a wholly owned
subsidiary of Warner-Lambert  operating in  Puerto Rico, has  plants located  in
Carolina    (confectionery);   Fajardo   (pharmaceuticals);    and   Vega   Baja
(pharmaceuticals, consumer health care and confectionery).
 
     In November  1993, in  connection with  the restructuring  discussed  above
under the caption 'Business -- Restructuring', Warner-Lambert announced plans to
phase  out and close its Carolina, Puerto Rico confectionery manufacturing plant
by the end of 1994.
 
     In the  United States,  Warner-Lambert  currently distributes  its  various
products  through its manufacturing plants  and two primary distribution centers
located in Lititz, Pennsylvania and Elk Grove, Illinois. Principal U.S. research
facilities are  located  in Ann  Arbor,  Michigan (pharmaceuticals)  and  Morris
Plains, New Jersey (pharmaceuticals, consumer health care and confectionery).
 
     Internationally,  Warner-Lambert  owns,  leases, or  operates,  through its
subsidiaries or branches,  72 production facilities  in 35 countries.  Principal
international  manufacturing plants are located  in Germany, the United Kingdom,
Belgium, Italy,  Canada,  Mexico,  Hong Kong,  Japan,  Ireland,  Spain,  France,
Brazil, Venezuela and Australia. Principal international research facilities are
located in Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom and Canada.
 
     In  order  to increase  efficiency and  to  lower its  cost of  goods sold,
Warner-Lambert, over a number of years and at significant cost, has consolidated
many of its plants and facilities around  the world. This has often resulted  in
the  production of pharmaceutical products, consumer health care products and/or
confectionery products at a single facility.
 
     Warner-Lambert's facilities are generally  in good operating condition  and
repair  and at present are adequately  utilized within reasonable limits. Leases
are not material to the business of Warner-Lambert taken as a whole.
 
     For  information  regarding  the  organizational  restructuring  and  plant
rationalization    announced   by   Warner-Lambert   in   November   1993,   see
'Business -- Restructuring' above.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
 
     Warner-Lambert and certain  present and former  employees have been  served
with subpoenas by the U.S. Attorney's office in Maryland, which is conducting an
inquiry  relating to compliance with FDA  regulations, to produce records and/or
appear before a federal grand  jury in Baltimore. Warner-Lambert is  cooperating
with  the inquiry and cannot predict what  the outcome of the investigation will
be.
 
     In September 1993, Warner-Lambert received a Complaint and Compliance Order
from the  EPA  seeking penalties  of  $268,000  for alleged  violations  of  the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act,
 
                                       8
 
<PAGE>
Boilers  and  Industrial Furnace  regulations.  Warner-Lambert responded  to the
complaint in October  1993. The Company  is contesting the  allegations and  has
entered into negotiations with the EPA.
 
     Warner-Lambert,  along with numerous other pharmaceutical manufacturers and
wholesalers, has been sued in a  number of state and federal antitrust  lawsuits
by retail pharmacies seeking treble damages and injunctive relief. These actions
arise  from alleged price discrimination by  which the defendant drug companies,
acting alone or in  concert, are alleged to  have favored institutions,  managed
care  entities, mail  order pharmacies  and other  buyers with  lower prices for
brand name prescription drugs  than those afforded  to plaintiff retailers.  The
federal  cases have  been consolidated  by the  Judicial Panel  on Multidistrict
Litigation and transferred to the United States District Court for the  Northern
District  of  Illinois for  pre-trial proceedings.  The  state cases,  which are
pending in California, are expected to  be coordinated in the Superior Court  of
California,  County of San Francisco. Warner-Lambert believes that these actions
are without merit and will defend itself vigorously. Although it is too early to
predict the  outcome  of these  actions,  Warner-Lambert does  not  expect  this
litigation  to  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its  financial position,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
     Information with respect to the executive officers of Warner-Lambert as  of
March 1, 1994 is set forth below:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Melvin R. Goodes.........................   58     Chairman of the       Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                     Board and Chief       Executive Officer (since August
                                                     Executive Officer;    1991); President and Chief Operating
                                                     Director              Officer (July 1985 -- July 1991)
Lodewijk J. R. de Vink...................   48     President and Chief   President and Chief Operating Officer
                                                     Operating Officer;    (since August 1991); Executive Vice
                                                     Director              President and President, U.S.
                                                                           Operations (April 1990 -- July
                                                                           1991); Vice President (October
                                                                           1988 -- March 1990); President,
                                                                           International Operations (October
                                                                           1988 -- March 1990)
John F. Walsh............................   51     Executive Vice        Executive Vice President (since
                                                     President             January 1991); President, Consumer
                                                                           Products Sector (since January
                                                                           1992); Vice President (November
                                                                           1986 -- December 1990); President,
                                                                           International Operations (March
                                                                           1990 -- December 1991); President,
                                                                           Canada/Latin America Group (March
                                                                           1989 -- March 1990); President,
                                                                           American Chicle Group (June
                                                                           1986 -- March 1989)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       9
 
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Ernest J. Larini.........................   50     Vice President and    Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                     Chief Financial       Officer (since November 1992); Vice
                                                     Officer               President, Financial Administration
                                                                           (June 1992 -- October 1992); Vice
                                                                           President and Controller (May
                                                                           1990 -- May 1992); Treasurer
                                                                           (February 1988 -- April 1990)
Ronald M. Cresswell, Ph.D................   59     Vice President        Vice President (since May 1988);
                                                                           Chairman, Parke-Davis Research
                                                                           (since October 1989); President,
                                                                           Parke-Davis Research (May
                                                                           1988 -- October 1989)
Pedro M. Cuatrecasas, M.D. ..............   57     Vice President        Vice President (since October 1989);
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis Research
                                                                           (since October 1989); Senior Vice
                                                                           President, Research and Development,
                                                                           Glaxo, Inc. (February 1986 -- August
                                                                           1989)
Raymond M. Fino..........................   51     Vice President        Vice President, Human Resources (since
                                                                           January 1985)
George L. Fotiades.......................   40     Vice President        Vice President (since November 1992);
                                                                           President, Warner Wellcome Consumer
                                                                           Health Products (since January
                                                                           1994); President, Consumer Health
                                                                           Products Group (November
                                                                           1992 -- January 1994); President,
                                                                           Consumer Products, Japan,
                                                                           Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
                                                                           (January 1992 -- November 1992);
                                                                           Senior Vice President, General
                                                                           Manager, Clairol U.S., Bristol-Myers
                                                                           Squibb (January 1991 -- January
                                                                           1992); Senior Vice President,
                                                                           Boyle-Midway, American Home Products
                                                                           (August 1988 -- December 1990)
William F. Gilroy........................   57     Vice President and    Vice President (since February 1985);
                                                     Controller            Controller (since June 1992); Vice
                                                                           President, Finance Administration
                                                                           (January 1992 -- June 1992); Vice
                                                                           President, Finance Administration,
                                                                           International Operations (February
                                                                           1988 -- December 1991)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       10
 
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Philip M. Gross..........................   52     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1990);
                                                                           Vice President, Strategic Management
                                                                           Processes (since January 1994);
                                                                           President, Novon Products Group
                                                                           (January 1990 -- January 1994); Vice
                                                                           President and General Manager, GE
                                                                           Silicones, General Electric Company
                                                                           (January 1987 -- December 1989)
Jay M. Gwynne............................   56     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1984);
                                                                           President, American Chicle Group
                                                                           (since July 1991); President,
                                                                           Asia/Australia/Capsugel Group (March
                                                                           1989 -- July 1991); President,
                                                                           Europe/ Canada/Middle East/Africa
                                                                           Group (July 1987 -- March 1989)
Gregory L. Johnson.......................   47     Vice President and    Vice President and General Counsel
                                                     General Counsel       (since October 1983)
Surinder Kumar, Ph.D.....................   49     Vice President        Vice President (since October 1993);
                                                                           President, Consumer Products
                                                                           Research & Development (since
                                                                           October 1992); Senior Vice
                                                                           President, Research & Development,
                                                                           Pepsico, Inc. (February 1990 --
                                                                           October 1992); Vice President,
                                                                           Research & Development, Pepsico,
                                                                           Inc. (February 1988 -- February
                                                                           1990)
Bertil R. Lang...........................   52     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1992);
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis, Europe
                                                                           (since January 1992); Regional
                                                                           President,
                                                                           Germany/Austria/Switzerland (March
                                                                           1989 -- December 1991); Regional
                                                                           President, Germany (April
                                                                           1986 -- March 1989)
J. Frank Lazo............................   46     Vice President        Vice President (since April 1990);
                                                                           President, Latin
                                                                           America/Asia/Australia/ Middle
                                                                           East/Africa Group (since January
                                                                           1992); President, Latin America/
                                                                           Asia/Australia Group (July
                                                                           1991 -- December 1991); President,
                                                                           Canada/Latin America Group (April
                                                                           1990 -- July 1991); Regional
                                                                           President, Brazil/Chile/Peru/Uruguay
                                                                           (October 1988 -- March 1990)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       11
 
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
F. Phillip Milhomme......................   57     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1992);
                                                                           President, Consumer Products, Europe
                                                                           (since January 1992); President,
                                                                           Middle East/Africa/Europe (September
                                                                           1989 -- December 1991); Regional
                                                                           President, Middle East/Africa/Europe
                                                                           (March 1989 -- September 1989);
                                                                           President, Benelux/ Mediterranean
                                                                           Region (October 1987 -- March 1989)
S. Morgan Morton.........................   54     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1994);
                                                                           President, Shaving Products Group
                                                                           (since September 1993); President,
                                                                           Schick (January 1992 -- September
                                                                           1993); President, Warner-Lambert
                                                                           Canada (January 1988 -- January
                                                                           1992)
Harold F. Oberkfell......................   47     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1992);
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis, North
                                                                           America (since January 1992); Vice
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis Marketing and
                                                                           Sales (July 1986 -- December 1991)
Joseph E. Smith..........................   54     Vice President        Vice President, External Relations
                                                                           (since January 1994); Executive Vice
                                                                           President (January 1991 -- January
                                                                           1994); President, Pharmaceutical
                                                                           Sector (January 1992 -- January
                                                                           1994); Vice President (March
                                                                           1989 -- December 1990); President,
                                                                           Parke-Davis Group (March
                                                                           1989 -- December 1991)
Fred G. Weiss............................   52     Vice President        Vice President (since August 1982);
                                                                           Vice President, Planning, Investment
                                                                           and Development (since August 1983)
William S. Woodson.......................   59     Vice President and    Vice President and Treasurer (since
                                                     Treasurer             December 1991); Vice President,
                                                                           Finance, Novon Products Group
                                                                           (September 1990 -- November 1991);
                                                                           Vice President, Corporate Control
                                                                           and Analysis (February 1988 --
                                                                           September 1990)
Ronald E. Zier...........................   62     Vice President        Vice President, Public Affairs (since
                                                                           July 1977)
Rae G. Paltiel...........................   47     Secretary             Secretary (since February 1986)
</TABLE>
 
     All of the above-mentioned officers, with the exception of Dr. Cuatrecasas,
Mr.  Fotiades, Mr. Gross and Dr. Kumar, have been employed by Warner-Lambert for
the past five years.
 
     Dr. Cuatrecasas has  been employed  by Warner-Lambert  since October  1989.
Prior  to that time, Dr. Cuatrecasas had been employed as Senior Vice President,
Research and Development,  at Glaxo,  Inc. from  February 1986  to August  1989.
Glaxo,   Inc.,   a   multinational   pharmaceutical   company,   had   sales  of
 
                                       12
 
<PAGE>
approximately $3.5  billion  for  the  year  ending  June  1988.  Prior  to  his
employment  with Glaxo,  Dr. Cuatrecasas  had been  employed since  1975 as Vice
President, Research,  Development and  Medical, at  Burroughs Wellcome  Company.
Burroughs  Wellcome  Company  is  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  The Wellcome
Foundation Ltd.,  a  multinational pharmaceutical  company  which had  sales  of
approximately $1.5 billion in 1986.
 
     Mr. Fotiades has been employed by Warner-Lambert since November 1992. Prior
to  that time, Mr.  Fotiades had been employed  by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
From January 1992 to November 1992, Mr. Fotiades held the position of President,
Consumer Products, Japan  and from  January 1991 to  January 1992  he served  as
Senior  Vice  President,  General Manager,  Clairol  U.S.,  Bristol-Myers Squibb
Company, a multinational health care and consumer products company with sales of
approximately $11.0 billion in 1992. Prior to his employment with  Bristol-Myers
Squibb,  he held the position of Senior Vice President, Marketing, Boyle-Midway,
American Home Products Corporation, from August 1988 to December 1990.  American
Home  Products  Corporation,  a  multinational  health  care  and  food products
company, had sales of approximately $6.8 billion in 1990. From September 1987 to
July   1988,   Mr.   Fotiades   held   the   position   of   General    Manager,
Antiperspirant/Deodorant, the Proctor & Gamble Company, a multinational consumer
products  company with sales  of approximately $21.3 billion  for the year ended
June 30, 1989.
 
     Mr. Gross has been employed by Warner-Lambert since January 1990. Prior  to
that time, Mr. Gross had been employed since 1963 by General Electric Company in
various executive positions. From January 1987 to March 1989, Mr. Gross held the
position  of Vice President and General  Manager, GE Silicones. General Electric
Company, a  multinational diversified  company,  had sales  in excess  of  $38.0
billion in 1988.
 
     Dr.  Kumar has been employed by Warner-Lambert since October 1992. Prior to
that time, Dr. Kumar had been employed since January 1986 by Pepsico, Inc.  From
February  1990  to October  1992  Dr. Kumar  held  the position  of  Senior Vice
President, Research & Development, Pepsi Worldwide Beverage. From February  1988
to February 1990 he held the position of Vice President, Research & Development,
Pepsi  Worldwide Beverage, and from January  1986 to February 1988, the position
of Vice President, Research & Development, Pepsi U.S.A. Pepsico, Inc. is in  the
beverage,   snack   food  and   restaurant   business,  both   domestically  and
internationally, with sales of approximately $22 billion in 1992.
 
     None of the above officers has any family relationship with any Director or
with any other officer.  Officers are elected  by the Board  of Directors for  a
term of office lasting until the next annual organizational meeting of the Board
of  Directors  or until  their  successors are  elected  and have  qualified. No
officer listed above was appointed pursuant to any arrangement or  understanding
between  such  officer and  the  Board of  Directors  or any  member  or members
thereof.
 
                                       13

<PAGE>
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
 
     The  information set forth  under the caption  'Management's Discussion and
Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  --  Shareholder
Information' on page 33 of the Warner-Lambert 1993 Annual Report is incorporated
herein by reference.
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
 
     The  information set forth under the caption 'Five-Year Summary of Selected
Financial Data'  on  page  34  of  the  Warner-Lambert  1993  Annual  Report  is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.
 
     The  information set forth  under the caption  'Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results  of Operations' on pages 28  through
33  of the Warner-Lambert 1993 Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference
and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto contained  on pages 34 through  47 of the Warner-Lambert  1993
Annual Report.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
 
     The   consolidated   financial   statements  of   Warner-Lambert   and  its
subsidiaries, together with the report thereon of Price Waterhouse dated January
24, 1994, listed in Item 14(a)1  and included in the Warner-Lambert 1993  Annual
Report at pages 35 through 48, are incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       14
 
<PAGE>
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
 
     The  required  information  relating to  the  Warner-Lambert  Directors and
nominees is  incorporated  herein by  reference  to pages  2  through 7  of  the
Warner-Lambert Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on  April 26, 1994. Information relating to executive officers of Warner-Lambert
is set forth  in Part I  of this Form  10-K on pages  9 through 13.  Information
relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
is  contained in  the Proxy  Statement, referred  to above,  at page  8 and such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
 
     Information relating to  executive compensation is  contained in the  Proxy
Statement,  referred  to above  in  Item 10,  at pages  11  through 22  and such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
 
     (a) Information  relating to  the beneficial  ownership of  more than  five
percent  of Warner-Lambert's Common  Stock is contained  in the Proxy Statement,
referred to above in  Item 10, at  page 9 and  such information is  incorporated
herein by reference.
 
     (b)  Information relating to security  ownership of management is contained
in the  Proxy Statement,  referred to  above  in Item  10, at  page 8  and  such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       15
 
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
 
(A) 1. ALL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
       The  following  items are  included  in Part  II  of this  report through
       incorporation by reference to pages  35 through 48 of the  Warner-Lambert
       1993 Annual Report:
 
               Consolidated  Statements of Income for each of the three years in
               the period ended December 31, 1993.
 
               Consolidated Statements  of Retained  Earnings  for each  of  the
               three years in the period ended December 31, 1993.
 
               Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1993 and 1992.
 
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years
               in the period ended December 31, 1993.
 
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
               Report of Independent Accountants.
 
    2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 
       Included in Part IV of this report:
 
             Report of Independent Accountants on Financial Statement Schedules.
 
             Schedule I    -- Marketable Securities -- Other Investments
 
             Schedule II   -- Amounts   Receivable  from   Related  Parties  and
                              Underwriters, Promoters and  Employees other  than
                              Related Parties
 
             Schedule V   -- Property, Plant and Equipment
 
             Schedule VI  -- Accumulated  Depreciation  of  Property,  Plant and
                             Equipment
 
             Schedule VIII -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves
 
             Schedule IX  -- Short-term Borrowings
 
             Schedule X   -- Supplementary Income Statement Information
 
            Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are
            either not  applicable  or  the  required  information  is  included
            through  incorporation by  reference to pages  35 through  48 of the
            Warner-Lambert 1993 Annual Report.
 
    3. EXHIBITS
 
        (3) Articles of Incorporation and by-laws
 
             (a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Warner-Lambert Company
                 filed  November  10,  1972,  as  amended  to  April  24,   1990
                 (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Current Report
                 on Form 8-K, dated April 24, 1990).
 
             (b) By-Laws of Warner-Lambert  Company, as amended  to October  25,
                 1988  (Incorporated by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly
                 Report on Form 10-Q  for the quarter  ended September 30,  1988
                 (File No. 1-3608)).
 
        (4)  Instruments  defining  the rights  of  security  holders, including
indentures
 
             (a)  Rights Agreement, dated as of June 28, 1988, and amended as of
                  June  27,  1989,  between  Warner-Lambert  Company  and  First
                  Chicago   Trust  Company   of  New   York,  as   Rights  Agent
                  (Incorporated by  reference to  Warner-Lambert's  Registration
                  Statement on Form 8-A, dated June 28, 1988, as amended by Form
                  8, dated July 5, 1989 (File No. 1-3608)).
 
                                       16
 
<PAGE>
             (b)  Warner-Lambert  agrees  to  furnish  to  the  Commission, upon
                  request, a copy of each  instrument with respect to issues  of
                  long-term debt of Warner-Lambert. The principal amount of debt
                  securities  authorized  under  each such  instrument  does not
                  exceed 10% of the total assets of Warner-Lambert.
 
       (10) Material contracts
 
<TABLE>
           <S>    <C>
           (a)*   Warner-Lambert Company 1974 Stock Option and Alternate Stock Plan, as amended to November  26,
                  1991  (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's  Form  10-K for  the fiscal  year ended
                  December 31, 1991).
           (b)*   Warner-Lambert Company 1983 Stock Option Plan,  as amended to November 26, 1991  (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (c)*   Warner-Lambert  Company 1987 Stock Option Plan, as  amended to November 26, 1991 (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (d)*   Warner-Lambert Company  1989 Stock  Plan, as  amended to  November 26,  1991 (Incorporated  by
                  reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (e)*   Warner-Lambert  Company 1992  Stock Plan (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form
                  10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992).
           (f)*   Warner-Lambert Company Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended to June 26, 1990  (Incorporated
                  by  reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
                  1990).
           (g)*   Warner-Lambert Company  Supplemental Pension  Income  Plan, as  amended  to October  29,  1991
                  (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's  Form 10-K for the  fiscal year ended December
                  31, 1991).
           (h)*   Group  Plan   Participation  by   Non-employee  Directors   (Incorporated  by   reference   to
                  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (i)*   Warner-Lambert  Company Directors' Retirement Plan, as  amended to June 26, 1990 (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June  30,
                  1990).
           (j)*   Warner-Lambert  Excess  Savings Plan,  formerly Warner-Lambert  Supplemental Savings  Plan, as
                  amended to October 29, 1991 (Incorporated by  reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the
                  fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (k)*   Warner-Lambert  Company Executive Severance Plan, as amended to June 26, 1990 (Incorporated by
                  reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q for the  quarter ended June  30,
                  1990).
           (l)*   Restricted  Stock Plan for Directors of Warner-Lambert Company, as amended to January 28, 1992
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (m)*   Employment  Agreement dated  September 24, 1985  between Warner-Lambert Company  and Melvin R.
                  Goodes, Chairman  of the  Board and  Chief Executive  Officer, as  amended to  August 1,  1991
                  (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended September 30, 1991).
           (n)*   Employment Agreement  effective  as of  August  1,  1991 between  Warner-Lambert  Company  and
                  Lodewijk  J. R. de Vink,  President and Chief Operating  Officer (Incorporated by reference to
                  Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991).
           (o)*   Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 1, 1991, between Warner-Lambert Company and Joseph
                  D. Williams, Director (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the  fiscal
                  year ended December 31, 1991).
</TABLE>
 
                                       17
 
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
           <S>    <C>
           (p)*   Consulting   Arrangement  between  Warner-Lambert  Company   and  B.  Charles  Ames,  Director
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (q)*   Consulting   Arrangement  between  Warner-Lambert  Company   and  Paul  S.  Russell,  Director
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (r)    Global Principles Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1993, between Warner-Lambert Company and
                  Glaxo Holdings plc.
           (s)    Global  Principles  Agreement, dated  December 17,  1993,  between Warner-Lambert  Company and
                  Wellcome plc.
</TABLE>
 
       (12) Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
 
       (13) Copy of the Warner-Lambert Company Annual Report for the fiscal year
            ended December  31, 1993.  Such report,  except for  those  portions
            thereof  which are  expressly incorporated  by reference  herein, is
            furnished solely for the information of the Commission and is not to
            be deemed 'filed' as part of this filing.
 
       (21) Subsidiaries of the registrant.
 
       (23) Consent of Independent Accountants.
 
- ------------
 
*  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be  filed
   as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 14(c).
 
(B) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
    A  Current Report on Form  8-K, dated December 13,  1993, was filed with the
    Securities and Exchange  Commission in connection  with the announcement  of
    Warner  Lambert's signing of separate agreements establishing joint ventures
    with Glaxo Holdings plc and Wellcome plc.
 
    Warner-Lambert will furnish to  any holder of  its securities, upon  request
    and at a reasonable cost, copies of the Exhibits listed in Item 14.
 
                                       18

<PAGE>
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
  WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
 
     Our  audits of  the consolidated  financial statements  referred to  in our
report dated January 24, 1994 appearing on page 48 of the 1993 Annual Report  to
Shareholders  of Warner-Lambert Company (which report and consolidated financial
statements are incorporated  by reference in  this Annual Report  on Form  10-K)
also  included  an audit  of the  Financial Statement  Schedules listed  in Item
14(a)2 of this Form  10-K. In our opinion,  these Financial Statement  Schedules
present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when
read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
 
                                          PRICE WATERHOUSE
 
Morristown, New Jersey
January 24, 1994
 
                                       19

<PAGE>
                                                                      SCHEDULE I
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   MARKETABLE SECURITIES -- OTHER INVESTMENTS
                               DECEMBER 31, 1993
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          NUMBER OF
                                                          SHARES OR
                                                      UNITS -- PRINCIPAL                            AMOUNT AT WHICH
                 NAME OF ISSUER AND                       AMOUNT OF                                   CARRIED IN
                TITLE OF EACH ISSUE                    BONDS AND NOTES     COST     MARKET VALUE     BALANCE SHEET
- ----------------------------------------------------  -----------------   ------    ------------    ---------------
                                                                          (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                   <C>                 <C>       <C>             <C>
Certificates of deposit and time deposits...........      $   392.3       $392.3       $392.6           $ 392.3
Puerto Rico collateralized mortgage obligations.....           56.4         56.4         56.9              56.4
Puerto Rico government securities...................           49.3         49.3         50.0              49.3
Puerto Rico repurchase agreements...................           30.0         30.0         30.0              30.0
Puerto Rico GNMA Securities guaranteed by the United
  States government.................................           29.7         29.7         32.2              29.7
Other investments...................................            7.8          7.8          8.1               7.8
                                                            -------       ------    ------------        -------
     Total..........................................      $   565.5       $565.5       $569.8           $ 565.5
                                                            -------       ------    ------------        -------
                                                            -------       ------    ------------        -------
</TABLE>
 
                                       20
 
<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE II
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
           AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES AND UNDERWRITERS,
               PROMOTERS AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                            BALANCE AT
                                                                                  DEDUCTIONS               END OF YEAR
                                               BALANCE AT                 --------------------------    ------------------
                                               BEGINNING                   AMOUNTS        AMOUNTS                    NOT
               NAME OF DEBTOR                   OF YEAR      ADDITIONS    COLLECTED     WRITTEN OFF     CURRENT    CURRENT
- --------------------------------------------   ----------    ---------    ---------    -------------    -------    -------
                                                                            (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                            <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>              <C>        <C>
1993
Joseph E. Smith(1)..........................      $250        $--          $--          $--             $--        $ 250
Pedro M. Cuatrecasas, M.D.(1)...............       350         --           --           --              --          350
1992
Joseph E. Smith(1)..........................      $250        $--          $--          $--             $--        $ 250
Pedro M. Cuatrecasas, M.D.(1)...............       350         --           --           --              --          350
1991
Joseph E. Smith(1)..........................      $250        $--          $--          $--             $--        $ 250
Pedro M. Cuatrecasas, M.D.(1)...............       350         --           --           --              --          350
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
(1) In  connection with the relocations of Mr.  Joseph E. Smith and Dr. Pedro M.
    Cuatrecasas, interest-free loans, secured by real estate, were granted.  The
    terms  of  the  loans,  including provisions  relating  to  acceleration and
    repayment, depend on various factors.
 
                                       21
 
<PAGE>
                                                                      SCHEDULE V
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     FOREIGN
                                                                                     CURRENCY        OTHER
                                         BALANCE AT                                TRANSLATION      CHANGES     BALANCE
                                         BEGINNING    ADDITIONS       SALES AND    ADJUSTMENTS        ADD        AT END
              DESCRIPTION                 OF YEAR      AT COST       RETIREMENTS   ADD (DEDUCT)   (DEDUCT)(a)   OF YEAR
- ---------------------------------------  ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                      <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Year ended December 31, 1993:
     Land..............................   $   31.5     $   1.5         $--            $  (.2)       $   1.0     $   33.8
     Buildings.........................      839.5        84.9            (2.3)        (12.7)           5.6        915.0
     Machinery, furniture and
       fixtures........................    1,675.1       274.3           (31.3)        (34.4)           1.7      1,885.4
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                          $2,546.1     $ 360.7(b)      $ (33.6)       $(47.3)       $   8.3     $2,834.2
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
Year ended December 31, 1992:
     Land..............................   $   28.4     $   3.3         $--            $  (.2)       $--         $   31.5
     Buildings.........................      763.2        87.3            (4.7)         (7.6)           1.3        839.5
     Machinery, furniture and
       fixtures........................    1,531.9       243.7           (59.4)        (29.1)         (12.0)     1,675.1
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                          $2,323.5     $ 334.3         $ (64.1)       $(36.9)       $ (10.7)    $2,546.1
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
Year ended December 31, 1991:
     Land..............................   $   29.5     $   1.0         $   (.8)       $ (1.3)       $--         $   28.4
     Buildings.........................      713.8        81.0            (9.1)        (22.0)           (.5)       763.2
     Machinery, furniture and
       fixtures........................    1,384.6       244.0           (27.7)        (64.1)          (4.9)     1,531.9
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                          $2,127.9     $ 326.0         $ (37.6)       $(87.4)       $  (5.4)    $2,323.5
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                         ----------   ---------      -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
(a) Other Changes included reclassifications, activity related to  restructuring
    actions and assets of companies acquired.
 
(b) Additions in 1993 included capitalized leases of $13.6 million.
 
                                       22

<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE VI
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
           ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  FOREIGN
                                                     ADDITIONS                    CURRENCY        OTHER
                                        BALANCE AT   CHARGED TO                 TRANSLATION      CHANGES     BALANCE
                                        BEGINNING    COSTS AND     SALES AND    ADJUSTMENTS        ADD        AT END
             DESCRIPTION                 OF YEAR      EXPENSES    RETIREMENTS   ADD (DEDUCT)   (DEDUCT)(a)   OF YEAR
- --------------------------------------  ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                     <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Year ended December 31, 1993:
     Buildings........................   $  260.8      $ 26.9       $   (.6)       $  (.7)       $  12.5     $  298.9
     Machinery, furniture and
       fixtures.......................      778.2       132.1         (24.0)        (17.1)          66.8        936.0
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                         $1,039.0      $159.0       $ (24.6)       $(17.8)       $  79.3     $1,234.9
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
Year ended December 31, 1992:
     Buildings........................   $  247.8      $ 23.0       $  (2.6)       $ (7.3)       $   (.1)    $  260.8
     Machinery, furniture and
       fixtures.......................      725.7       125.7         (43.6)        (17.7)         (11.9)       778.2
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                         $  973.5      $148.7       $ (46.2)       $(25.0)       $ (12.0)    $1,039.0
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
Year ended December 31, 1991:
     Buildings........................   $  206.2      $ 21.0       $  (2.3)       $ (6.0)       $  28.9     $  247.8
     Machinery, furniture and
       fixtures.......................      620.3       108.4         (20.0)        (36.6)          53.6        725.7
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                         $  826.5      $129.4       $ (22.3)       $(42.6)       $  82.5     $  973.5
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
                                        ----------   ----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   --------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (a) As  a  result of  the  restructuring actions  discussed  in Note  3  to the
     consolidated financial statements,  accumulated depreciation was  increased
     by  $108.5  million  and  $84.9 million  in  1993  and  1991, respectively,
     reflecting the write-down of assets to their net realizable values.
 
Note: Depreciation is calculated using estimated useful lives of 20 to 50  years
for buildings, and 3 to 15 years for machinery, furniture and fixtures.
 
                                       23
 
<PAGE>
                                                                   SCHEDULE VIII
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                ADDITIONS
                                                                  BALANCE AT    CHARGED TO                     BALANCE
                                                                  BEGINNING     COSTS AND                      AT END
                          DESCRIPTION                              OF YEAR       EXPENSES     DEDUCTIONS(a)    OF YEAR
- ----------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------    -------------    -------
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                               <C>           <C>           <C>              <C>
Year ended December 31, 1993:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts............................    $ 18.6        $  2.9          $ 1.0        $ 20.5
     Allowance for deferred tax assets..........................     --            108.9(b)         --          108.9
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
                                                                    $ 18.6        $111.8          $ 1.0        $129.4
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
Year ended December 31, 1992:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts............................    $ 15.3        $  6.3          $ 3.0        $ 18.6
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
Year ended December 31, 1991:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts............................    $ 14.4        $  4.7          $ 3.8        $ 15.3
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
                                                                  ----------    ----------        -----        -------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (a) Primarily the write-off of accounts receivable considered uncollectible.
 
 (b) The  addition  to  allowance  for deferred  tax  assets  of  $108.9 million
     reflects  $92.0  million  for  the  adoption  of  Statement  of   Financial
     Accounting  Standards (SFAS) No. 109, 'Accounting  for Income Taxes,' as of
     January 1, 1993, and $16.9 million for  1993 additions (see Note 19 to  the
     consolidated financial statements).
 
                                       24
 
<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE IX
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                             SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               WEIGHTED         MAXIMUM        AVERAGE        WEIGHTED
                                                                AVERAGE         AMOUNT         AMOUNT          AVERAGE
                                                  BALANCE    INTEREST RATE    OUTSTANDING    OUTSTANDING    INTEREST RATE
                                                  AT END        AT END        DURING THE     DURING THE      DURING THE
                                                  OF YEAR     OF YEAR(g)        YEAR(a)        YEAR(b)       YEAR(c)(g)
                                                  -------    -------------    -----------    -----------    -------------
                                                                           (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                               <C>        <C>              <C>            <C>            <C>
December 31, 1993:
     Notes payable -- banks(d).................   $120.9           9.9%         $ 225.7        $ 105.3            9.7%
     Commercial paper(e).......................    507.5           3.3%           507.5          184.4            3.2%
     Notes payable -- other....................      2.6           9.9%             2.6            1.6           11.8%
                                                  -------                                    -----------
                                                  $631.0           4.6%           631.0        $ 291.3            5.6%
                                                  -------                                    -----------
                                                  -------                                    -----------
December 31, 1992:
     Notes payable -- banks(d).................   $ 44.0          16.9%         $ 126.0        $  73.4           27.6%
     Notes payable -- other....................      1.0          12.1%             1.0            1.0           17.5%
                                                  -------                                    -----------
                                                  $ 45.0          16.8%           126.1        $  74.4           27.3%
                                                  -------                                    -----------
                                                  -------                                    -----------
December 31, 1991:
     Notes payable -- banks(d).................   $112.9          20.8%         $ 191.9        $ 133.3           12.8%
     Commercial paper(e).......................     --            --              122.3           45.6            6.2%
     Notes payable -- other(f).................       .8          12.8%            50.0           31.5            6.3%
                                                  -------                                    -----------
                                                  $113.7          20.7%           267.3        $ 210.4           10.4%
                                                  -------                                    -----------
                                                  -------                                    -----------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (a) At the end of any quarter.
 
 (b) Average of month-end balances.
 
 (c) The  weighted average interest rate  was calculated by relating appropriate
     interest expense to monthly aggregate borrowings.
 
 (d) Notes payable --  banks consist  primarily of  foreign currency  short-term
     loans, terms of which vary with each agreement.
 
 (e) Commercial  paper is issued in the United States with average maturities of
     approximately one month and is supported by lines of credit.
 
 (f) Other notes payable primarily include  master notes which mature every  six
     months and are renewable at the option of Warner-Lambert.
 
 (g) High  interest  rates  on  certain loans  in  South  America  increased the
     weighted average interest rates. These rates exclude the effect of  foreign
     exchange  gains attributable to  the debt, which tend  to offset the higher
     interest costs in highly inflationary economies.
 
                                       25
 
<PAGE>
                                                                      SCHEDULE X
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991
 
     The amounts charged to costs and expenses in the consolidated statements of
income are:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                  --------------------------------
                                                                                    1993        1992        1991
                                                                                  --------    --------    --------
                                                                                       (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                                               <C>         <C>         <C>
Advertising and promotion costs................................................   $1,306.7    $1,278.2    $1,156.2
Depreciation and amortization..................................................   $  170.4    $  155.6    $  135.5
Maintenance and repairs........................................................   $  110.2    $   98.1    $   90.6
</TABLE>
 
     Taxes  other  than  payroll  and  income  taxes,  and  royalties  were  not
significant.
 
                                       26

<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES
 
     PURSUANT  TO  THE REQUIREMENTS  OF SECTION  13 OR  15(D) OF  THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON
ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED.
 
                                          WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
                                               Registrant
 
<TABLE>
<S>                              <C>
Dated as of March 23, 1994                  By             /s/ MELVIN R. GOODES
                                 .........................................................
                                                     Melvin R. Goodes
                                                   Chairman of the Board
                                                and Chief Executive Officer
</TABLE>
 
     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  THIS
REPORT  HAS  BEEN  SIGNED  BELOW  BY THE  FOLLOWING  PERSONS  ON  BEHALF  OF THE
REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATES INDICATED.
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                               <C>
      /s/ MELVIN R. GOODES
By    ................................................
                      Melvin R. Goodes
                   Chairman of the Board
                and Chief Executive Officer
               (Principal Executive Officer)
                        and Director
      /s/ ERNEST J. LARINI
By    ................................................
                      Ernest J. Larini
                  Vice President and Chief
                     Financial Officer
               (Principal Financial Officer)
      /s/ WILLIAM F. GILROY
By    ................................................
                     William F. Gilroy
               Vice President and Controller
               (Principal Accounting Officer)           March 23, 1994
      /s/ B. CHARLES AMES
By    ................................................
                 B. Charles Ames, Director
      /s/ DONALD C. CLARK
By    ................................................
                 Donald C. Clark, Director
      /s/ LODEWIJK J. R. DE VINK
By    ................................................
              Lodewijk J. R. de Vink, Director
      /s/ JOHN A. GEORGES
By    ................................................
                 John A. Georges, Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       27
 
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                               <C>
      /s/ WILLIAM H. GRAY III
By    ................................................
               William H. Gray III, Director
      /s/ WILLIAM R. HOWELL
By    ................................................
                William R. Howell, Director
      /s/ LASALLE D. LEFFALL, JR.
By    ................................................
           LaSalle D. Leffall, Jr., M.D. Director
      /s/ PATRICIA SHONTZ LONGE
By    ................................................
           Patricia Shontz Longe, Ph.D. Director
      /s/ LAWRENCE G. RAWL
By    ................................................
                 Lawrence G. Rawl, Director             March 23, 1994
      /s/ PAUL S. RUSSELL
By    ................................................
               Paul S. Russell, M.D. Director
      /s/ MICHAEL I. SOVERN
By    ................................................
                Michael I. Sovern, Director
      /s/ KENNETH J. WHALEN
By    ................................................
                Kenneth J. Whalen, Director
      /s/ JOSEPH D. WILLIAMS
By    ................................................
                Joseph D. Williams, Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       28
                            STATEMENT OF DIFFERENCES

The registered trademark shall be expressed as 'r'.
Subscript numerics in chemistry notation shall be expressed as baseline
numerics, e.g., sulfur hexaflouride would be expressed as SF6.

<PAGE>
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------
<S>        <C>   <C>
   (3)     Articles of Incorporation and by-laws
           (a)   Restated  Certificate of Incorporation of Warner-Lambert Company filed November 10, 1972, as amended
                 to April 24, 1990 (Incorporated by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Current Report on Form 8-K,  dated
                 April 24, 1990).
           (b)   By-Laws  of Warner-Lambert  Company, as amended  to October  25, 1988 (Incorporated  by reference to
                 Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q for the quarter ended  September 30, 1988 (File  No.
                 1-3608)).
   (4)     Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures
           (a)   Rights Agreement, dated as of June 28, 1988, and amended as of June 27, 1989, between Warner-Lambert
                 Company  and First Chicago Trust Company of New  York, as Rights Agent (Incorporated by reference to
                 Warner-Lambert's Registration Statement  on Form 8-A,  dated June 28,  1988, as amended  by Form  8,
                 dated July 5, 1989 (File No. 1-3608)).
           (b)   Warner-Lambert  agrees to furnish  to the Commission, upon  request, a copy  of each instrument with
                 respect to issues  of long-term  debt of  Warner-Lambert. The  principal amount  of debt  securities
                 authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of Warner-Lambert.
  (10)     Material contracts
           (a)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1974 Stock Option and Alternate Stock  Plan, as amended to November 26, 1991
                 (Incorporated by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form  10-K for  the fiscal year  ended December  31,
                 1991).
           (b)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1983  Stock Option Plan,  as amended  to November 26,  1991 (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (c)   Warner-Lambert Company 1987  Stock Option Plan,  as amended  to November 26,  1991 (Incorporated  by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (d)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1989 Stock Plan, as amended  to November 26, 1991 (Incorporated by reference
                 to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (e)   Warner-Lambert Company 1992 Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for
                 the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992).
           (f)   Warner-Lambert  Company Incentive Compensation  Plan, as amended  to June 26,  1990 (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1990).
           (g)   Warner-Lambert  Company  Supplemental  Pension  Income  Plan,   as  amended  to  October  29,   1991
                 (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form  10-K for  the fiscal year  ended December 31,
                 1991).
           (h)   Group Plan Participation by  Non-employee Directors (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's
                 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (i)   Warner-Lambert  Company Directors'  Retirement Plan,  as amended to  June 26,  1990 (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1990).
           (j)   Warner-Lambert Excess Savings Plan, formerly Warner-Lambert Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended to
                 October 29, 1991 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year  ended
                 December 31, 1991).
           (k)   Warner-Lambert  Company  Executive Severance  Plan, as  amended  to June  26, 1990  (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1990).
           (l)   Restricted Stock  Plan for  Directors of  Warner-Lambert Company,  as amended  to January  28,  1992
                 (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form  10-K for  the fiscal year  ended December 31,
                 1991).
           (m)   Employment Agreement dated September 24, 1985  between Warner-Lambert Company and Melvin R.  Goodes,
                 Chairman  of the Board  and Chief Executive Officer,  as amended to August  1, 1991 (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's  Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the quarter  ended September  30,
                 1991).
</TABLE>
 
                                       29
 
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER     DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- -------
<C>        <S>   <C>
           (n)   Employment  Agreement effective as of August 1, 1991, between Warner-Lambert Company and Lodewijk J.
                 R. de Vink,  President and Chief  Operating Officer (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's
                 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991).
           (o)   Consulting  Agreement, dated as of  September 1, 1991, between  Warner-Lambert Company and Joseph D.
                 Williams, Director (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form  10-K for  the fiscal  year
                 ended December 31, 1991).
           (p)   Consulting Arrangement between Warner-Lambert Company and B. Charles Ames, Director (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (q)   Consulting Arrangement between Warner-Lambert Company and Paul S. Russell, Director (Incorporated by
                 reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (r)   Global Principles Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1993, between Warner-Lambert Company and Glaxo
                 Holdings plc.
           (s)   Global  Principles Agreement, dated  December 17, 1993, between  Warner-Lambert Company and Wellcome
                 plc.
  (12)     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
  (13)     Copy of the Warner-Lambert Company Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993. Such report,
           except for those  portions thereof  which are  expressly incorporated  by reference  herein, is  furnished
           solely for the information of the Commission and is not to be deemed 'filed' as part of this filing.
  (21)     Subsidiaries of the registrant.
  (23)     Consent of Independent Accountants.
</TABLE>
 
                                       30



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(R)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                              CONFORMED COPY
                                                           


                 GLOBAL PRINCIPLES AGREEMENT

                           between

                   WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY

                             and

                    GLAXO HOLDINGS p.l.c.


               ______________________________


                Dated as of December 10, 1993

               ______________________________




<PAGE>

                     TABLE OF CONTENTS


                   PRELIMINARY STATEMENT



                          ARTICLE I

                         Definitions
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Page
                                                        ----
<S>               <C>                                     <C>
SECTION 1.01.  Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . .       1 
SECTION 1.02.  Other Definitions. . . . . . . . . .      10 
SECTION 1.03.  Statutory Provisions . . . . . . . .      11 
SECTION 1.04.  Schedules. . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11 


                           ARTICLE II

                            Closing

SECTION 2.01.  Closing. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11 
SECTION 2.02.  Action at the Closing of This
                 Agreement. . . . . . . . . . . . .      12 
SECTION 2.03.  Other Action in Respect of
                 U.S. Partnership . . . . . . . . .      12 
SECTION 2.04.  Subsequent Closings. . . . . . . . .      13 


                          ARTICLE III

             Management of JV Entities; Funding

SECTION 3.01.  General Manager. . . . . . . . . . .      13 
SECTION 3.02.  Governing Boards; Membership . . . .      13 
SECTION 3.03.  Responsibility of the Governing
                 Boards . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
SECTION 3.04.  Actions of the Governing Boards. . .      15 
SECTION 3.05.  Meetings of the Governing
                 Boards; Notice; Quorum . . . . . .      15 
SECTION 3.06.  Deadlock . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15 
SECTION 3.07.  Subcommittees of the Governing
                 Boards . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      16 
SECTION 3.08.  Development Committees . . . . . . .      16 
SECTION 3.09.  Removal of Representatives . . . . .      17 
SECTION 3.10.  No Remuneration. . . . . . . . . . .      17 
SECTION 3.11.  Other Positions of Representatives .      17 
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                     <C>
SECTION 3.12.  Annual Operating Plan. . . . . . . .      17 
SECTION 3.13.  Funding. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      18 
SECTION 3.14.  Deliberations. . . . . . . . . . . .      18 
SECTION 3.15.  Reserved Matters . . . . . . . . . .      18 


                      ARTICLE IV

                 Operations; JV Entities

SECTION 4.01.  General. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      18 
SECTION 4.02.  Establishment of Other 
                 JV Entities. . . . . . . . . . . .      19 
SECTION 4.03.  Form and Structure of JV Entities. .      19 
SECTION 4.04.  Management of JV Entities. . . . . .      20 
SECTION 4.05.  Operations To Be Conducted in
                 Accordance with Annual Operating
                 Plan and Direction of Governing
                 Board. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      20 


                          ARTICLE V

                         JV Products

SECTION 5.01.  General. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      21 
SECTION 5.02.  Ranitidine Products in the
                 United States  . . . . . . . . . .      21 
SECTION 5.03.  Other Products and/or 
                 Other Countries. . . . . . . . . .      22 
SECTION 5.04.  Right of First Refusal . . . . . . .      25 
SECTION 5.05.  Glaxo Marketing Rights . . . . . . .      27 
SECTION 5.06.  Licenses and Services  . . . . . . .      29 
SECTION 5.07.  Representations and Warranties . . .      32 
SECTION 5.08.  Non-Compete  . . . . . . . . . . . .      33 
SECTION 5.09.  Japan  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      34 


                         ARTICLE VI

                    Related Transactions

SECTION 6.01.  Development. . . . . . . . . . . . .      34 
SECTION 6.02.  Ranitidine OTC; Ownership of NDA;
                 Milestone Payments . . . . . . . .      35 
SECTION 6.03.  Services To Be Provided by W-L to
                 U.S. Partnership in Respect of
                 Ranitidine OTC Products. . . . . .      35 
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                     <C>
SECTION 6.04.  Other Services To Be Provided
                 by W-L . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      35 
SECTION 6.05.  Supply . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      36 
SECTION 6.06.  Manufacture of JV Products . . . . .      36 
SECTION 6.07.  Financial Information; Audit . . . .      37 
SECTION 6.08.  U.S. Export Controls/
                 International Boycott. . . . . . .      37 
SECTION 6.09.  Technology . . . . . . . . . . . . .      38 


                         ARTICLE VII
                  Further Covenants of W-L

SECTION 7.01.  Allocation of Resources. . . . . . .      38 
SECTION 7.02.  W-L Affiliates . . . . . . . . . . .      38 
SECTION 7.03.  Safety Information . . . . . . . . .      38
SECTION 7.04.  Approvals and Consents . . . . . . .      39 
SECTION 7.05.  Use of JV Regulatory Documentation .      39 
SECTION 7.06.  Tax Matters. . . . . . . . . . . . .      39 
SECTION 7.07.  Further Assurances . . . . . . . . .      39 


                        ARTICLE VIII

                 Further Covenants of Glaxo

SECTION 8.01.   Information Relating to Potential
                  JV Products . . . . . . . . . . .      40 
SECTION 8.02.   Regulatory. . . . . . . . . . . . .      40 
SECTION 8.03.   Glaxo Affiliates. . . . . . . . . .      40 
SECTION 8.04.   Safety Information. . . . . . . . .      40 
SECTION 8.05.   Approvals and Consents. . . . . . .      41 
SECTION 8.06.   Use of JV Regulatory Documentation.      41 
SECTION 8.07.   Tax Matters . . . . . . . . . . . .      41 
SECTION 8.08.   Further Assurances. . . . . . . . .      42 


                         ARTICLE IX

            Representations and Warranties of W-L

SECTION 9.01.   Organization; Good Standing . . . .      42 
SECTION 9.02.   Authority; No Violation . . . . . .      42 
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                     <C>
SECTION 9.03.   Certificate of Incorporation
                  and By-Laws . . . . . . . . . . .      43 
SECTION 9.04.   Certain Litigation. . . . . . . . .      43 
SECTION 9.05.   Compliance. . . . . . . . . . . . .      43 
SECTION 9.06.   Finder. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      44 
SECTION 9.07.   Transactions Contemplated by W-L
                  Relevant Agreements . . . . . . .      44 


                          ARTICLE X

           Representations and Warranties of Glaxo

SECTION 10.01.  Organization; Good Standing . . . .      44 
SECTION 10.02.  Authority; No Violation . . . . . .      45 
SECTION 10.03.  Certificate of Incorporation and
                  Memorandum and Articles of
                  Association . . . . . . . . . . .      46 
SECTION 10.04.  Intellectual Property Rights. . . .      46 
SECTION 10.05.  Certain Litigation. . . . . . . . .      47 
SECTION 10.06.  Product Liability . . . . . . . . .      47 
SECTION 10.07.  Compliance. . . . . . . . . . . . .      48 
SECTION 10.08.  Finder. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      48 
SECTION 10.09.  Glaxo Regulatory Documentation. . .      48 
SECTION 10.10.  Transactions Contemplated by Glaxo
                  Relevant Agreements . . . . . . .      48 

                         ARTICLE XI

                    Conditions to Closing

SECTION 11.01.  Certain Action. . . . . . . . . . .      49 
SECTION 11.02.  Governmental Approvals and
                  Consents. . . . . . . . . . . . .      49 
SECTION 11.03.  Representations and Warranties. . .      49 
SECTION 11.04.  Performance of Covenants. . . . . .      50 
SECTION 11.05.  Authorization of Agreements . . . .      50 
SECTION 11.06.  Operative Documents . . . . . . . .      51 
SECTION 11.07.  Certificate of Compliance . . . . .      51 
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                     <C>


                         ARTICLE XII

                  Transfer of JV Interest;
                     Permitted Transfers

SECTION 12.01.  Limitation on Right To Transfer
                  Parties' Interests. . . . . . . .      51 
SECTION 12.02.  Permitted Transfers . . . . . . . .      51 
SECTION 12.03.  Change of Control . . . . . . . . .      53 


                        ARTICLE XIII

                       Indemnification

SECTION 13.01.  Indemnification by the JV
                  Entities. . . . . . . . . . . . .      55 
SECTION 13.02.  Indemnification by W-L. . . . . . .      56 
SECTION 13.03.  Indemnification by Glaxo. . . . . .      56 
SECTION 13.04.  Indemnification Generally . . . . .      57 
SECTION 13.05.  Survival of Representations and
                  Warranties. . . . . . . . . . . .      58 


                         ARTICLE XIV

                    Term and Termination

SECTION 14.01.  Term of Agreement . . . . . . . . .      59 
SECTION 14.02.  Ranitidine OTC Not Approved . . . .      59 
SECTION 14.03.  Liquidation; Breach; Optional
                  Termination . . . . . . . . . . .      61 
SECTION 14.04.  Continued Arrangements. . . . . . .      63 
SECTION 14.05.  Winding Up and Liquidation. . . . .      64 
SECTION 14.06.  Survival of Rights. . . . . . . . .      64 


                         ARTICLE XV

                           General

SECTION 15.01.  Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . .      64 
SECTION 15.02.  Assignment and Binding Effect . . .      65 
SECTION 15.03.  Inability To Agree upon Value . . .      65 
SECTION 15.04.  Corporate Names . . . . . . . . . .      65 
SECTION 15.05.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction; 
                  Consent to Service of 
                  Process; Agent for Service. . . .      65 
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>               <C>                                     <C>
SECTION 15.06.  Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      67 
SECTION 15.07.  Parties in Interest . . . . . . . .      68 
SECTION 15.08.  Press Releases. . . . . . . . . . .      68 
SECTION 15.09.  Headings. . . . . . . . . . . . . .      68 
SECTION 15.10.  Entire Agreement; Amendment;
                  Severability; Termination
                  of Existing Arrangements. . . . .      68 
SECTION 15.11.  Waiver and Compliance . . . . . . .      69 
SECTION 15.12.  Confidentiality . . . . . . . . . .      69 
SECTION 15.13.  Specific Enforcement. . . . . . . .      70 
SECTION 15.14.  Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . .      70 
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
     GLOBAL   PRINCIPLES  AGREEMENT   dated  as   of  December   10,  1993  (the
'Agreement'), by  and between  WARNER-LAMBERT  COMPANY, a  Delaware  corporation
('W-L')  and GLAXO HOLDINGS p.l.c., a  company incorporated in England and Wales
('Glaxo').
 
                             PRELIMINARY STATEMENT
 
     W-L is  engaged  in  the non-prescription  consumer  health  care  products
business.  Glaxo  or  its  Affiliates  own  certain  rights  in  respect  of the
pharmaceutical compound Ranitidine, which is currently marketed in  prescription
form  under the trademark Zantac'r'. W-L and  Glaxo desire to agree upon certain
principles for  the development  and marketing  of Ranitidine  Products and  the
development  and  marketing  of  certain other  consumer  health  care products,
initially in the United States and at future dates in other countries throughout
the world. While the specific form of  the joint ventures to be implemented  may
vary  in  different  countries, it  is  the  intention of  the  Parties  by this
Agreement to  agree upon  certain principles  which will  govern  the  worldwide
strategic development and marketing of all such products.
 
     NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants,
agreements, representations and warranties herein contained, and for other  good
and  valuable  consideration the  receipt and  sufficiency  of which  are hereby
acknowledged, the  Parties,  intending to  be  legally bound,  hereby  agree  as
follows:
 
                                   ARTICLE I
                                  DEFINITIONS
 
     SECTION  1.01. Definitions. The following  capitalized terms shall have the
following definitions:
 
     'Affiliate' with  respect  to  any  Person, shall  mean  any  other  Person
controlling,  controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such
Person. A Person shall be deemed, for the purposes of this Agreement, to control
a  corporation  (or  other  entity)  if  such  Person  possesses,  directly   or
indirectly,  the power to  direct or cause  the direction of  the management and
policies of such corporation (or other entity), whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise. For the purposes of this Agreement,
a JV Entity shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate of W-L or Glaxo.
 
     'Business Day' shall mean a day of the year in which banks are not required
or authorized to close in New York City or in the City of London.
 
     'Closing Documents' shall mean  this Agreement, the Development  Agreement,
the  Partnership Agreement, the Ranitidine OTC License Agreement, the Ranitidine
Rights Agreement, the Standstill Agreement and the W-L Services Agreement.
 
     'Development Agreement' shall mean the Development Agreement to be executed
at the Closing of this Agreement among Glaxo Inc., W-L and the U.S.  Partnership
as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'FDA'  shall mean the United States Federal Food and Drug Administration or
any successor agency of the United States.
 
     'FDCA' shall mean  the United States  Federal Food, Drug  and Cosmetic  Act
approved on June 25, 1938, as amended and supplemented.
 
     'Fully  Allocated Cost' shall  mean all costs,  including materials, direct
and indirect labor, services and an appropriate allocation of fixed and variable
overhead expenses, but excluding any intercompany profits relating thereto,  the
determination of which shall, in respect of manufacturing, be in accordance with
Schedule  1.01(a), and shall otherwise be as agreed between the Parties or their
Affiliates in the relevant Operative Document or otherwise.
 
     'Glaxo Inc.' shall mean Glaxo Inc., a North Carolina corporation, which  is
an indirect wholly owned Affiliate of Glaxo.
 
     'Glaxo  OTC' shall mean Glaxo OTC Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is an
indirect wholly owned Affiliate of Glaxo.
 
<PAGE>
     'Glaxo Participant' shall mean, in respect of each JV Entity, Glaxo or such
direct or indirect wholly owned Affiliate of  Glaxo as may from time to time  be
the  partner or other  equity participant in  such JV Entity  in accordance with
this Agreement.
 
     'Glaxo Products' shall mean, as at the Closing of this Agreement, Zantac in
the United States, and shall also have the meanings set forth in Section 5.07.
 
     'Glaxo Regulatory  Documentation'  shall  mean  all  regulatory  documents,
clinical  studies and tests in the possession or  control of Glaxo or any of its
Affiliates relating  to  a particular  product  or compound  including,  without
limitation,  all new drug applications,  abbreviated new drug applications, drug
master files, correspondence with appropriate regulatory agencies (registrations
and licenses,  regulatory  drug  lists,  advertising  and  promotion  documents)
adverse  event files, complaint  files and  manufacturing  records but excluding
proprietary chemical data.
 
     'Glaxo Services'  shall mean  Glaxo Services  Inc., a  Nevada  corporation,
which is an indirect wholly owned Affiliate of Glaxo.
 
     'Going  Concern Value' shall mean the  value of a non-prescription consumer
health care product business, or an interest  therein as the case may be, as  if
such  business were freely tradeable in the  open market (and, for the avoidance
of doubt,  taking into  consideration any  continuing arrangements  pursuant  to
Section  14.04 hereof).  Such valuation  will  not reflect either  a premium for
control or a discount for lack of marketability. The primary basis for  arriving
at  such valuation  will be commonly  employed  valuation  multiples of selected
non-prescription  consumer  health  care  product  businesses  generally  deemed
comparable to such business.
 
     'Governing  Board' shall mean,  in respect of any  JV Entity, the Governing
Board established pursuant to Section  3.02  of this Agreement and the  relevant
JV Implementation Agreements to oversee the management of that JV Entity.
 
     'JV Business' shall mean, with respect to any JV Entity in any country, the
business of such JV Entity.
 
     'JV  Entity'  shall  mean,  in  respect  of  the  United  States,  the U.S.
Partnership and in respect of any other country, such Person as the Parties  may
establish  for the  purpose of  conducting the JV  Business in  that country and
shall also mean  such other Person  as the Parties  may otherwise  establish  in
connection with the relevant JV Business.
 
     'JV  Implementation Agreement' shall mean, in respect of any JV Entity, the
agreement (or agreements)  that establish  the structure  of the  JV Entity  and
provide for the JV Business to be conducted in the relevant country, as the same
may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'JV  Products'  shall  mean  all  products  developed,  marketed,  sold  or
distributed by any JV Entity pursuant  to the arrangements contemplated by  this
Agreement and the other Operative Documents.
 
     'JV Regulatory Documentation' shall mean all regulatory documents, clinical
studies  and tests in the possession or control  of any JV Entity, relating to a
particular product  or  compound,  including without  limitation  all  new  drug
applications,   abbreviated   new   drug  applications,   drug   master   files,
correspondence with appropriate regulatory agencies (registrations and licenses,
regulatory drug lists, advertising and promotion documents) adverse event files,
complaint files and manufacturing records.
 
     'Launch Date' shall mean, in respect of  any JV Product, the date of  first
sale  of that product  by the relevant JV  Entity for use  or consumption by the
general public  (other  than  sales resulting  from  regional  test  marketing);
provided, that if such date is not the first day of a calendar month, the Launch
Date shall mean the first day of the next following calendar month.
 
     'License  Agreements' shall mean the license agreements  among the Parties,
their Affiliates  and  the  JV Entities  or  any  of them  relating  to  the  JV
Businesses,  including the Ranitidine OTC License  Agreement, as the same may be
amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Lien' shall mean any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest, charge  or
encumbrance of any kind (including, without limitation, any conditional sales or
other  title  retention  agreement, any  lease  in  the nature  thereof  and any
agreement to give any security interest).
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
     'Net Sales'  shall mean  gross  invoice amounts  on  sales of  products  to
customers  less the  following  deductions:  off invoice  (i.e., non-performance
discounts), quantity (including bracket pricing) and cash discount and any other
adjustments, including but  not limited  to those  granted on  account of  price
adjustments,  billing errors,  rejected goods, damaged  goods, recalls, returns,
rebates, charge-backs  and  prime  vendor  rebates,  reimbursements  or  similar
payments  granted or given to wholesalers  or other distributors, buying groups,
health care  insurance carriers  or other  institutions, freight  and  insurance
charges  billed to the  customer, custom or  excise duties, sales  tax and other
taxes (except income  taxes) or duties  relating to sales  of products, and  any
bona  fide payment made  in respect of  sale of products  to any governmental or
quasi-governmental body or agency.
 
     'NDA' shall  mean  a  New  Drug Application  including  any  amendments  or
supplements  thereto filed with the FDA pursuant  to 21 U.S.C. 355 (1970) or any
regulation thereunder.
 
     'NDA Approval' shall mean the receipt of final approval from the FDA of  an
NDA  with labeling mutually acceptable  to the Parties to  make, use and sell in
the United States a subject product.
 
     'Non-U.S. Country' shall mean any country other than the United States.
 
     'Operating Profit or Loss' shall mean,  with respect to any JV Entity,  (i)
the Net Sales of such JV Entity and any other income of such JV Entity less (ii)
the sum of (x) the Fully Allocated Cost of goods sold by such JV Entity, (y) the
charges to such JV Entity provided for in Sections 5.06, 6.01, 6.03 and 6.04 and
(z) the Fully Allocated Cost of any other expenses of such JV Entity.
 
     'Operative   Documents'  shall   mean  the   Closing   Documents,   the  JV
Implementation Agreements, the  License  Agreements, the  Supply Agreements  and
all ancillary documents referred to herein or therein.
 
     'OTC  Classification'  shall mean,  in  respect of  any  version of  a drug
product in any  country, all  classifications,  approvals, permits and  consents
necessary  to enable  such version  of a  drug product  to be  sold to consumers
without the necessity of prescription in that country.
 
     'OTC Switch Product' shall mean, in respect of any country, a version of  a
Prescription  Product which  may be sold  to consumers without  the necessity of
prescription other than a Ranitidine Product.
 
     'Other Ranitidine  Products' shall  mean, in  respect of  any country,  any
version  of  a drug  product which  contains  Ranitidine, which  may be  sold to
consumers without  a prescription  in that  country (other  than Ranitidine  OTC
Products).
 
     'Partnership Agreement' shall mean the Partnership Agreement to be executed
at  the Closing of this Agreement  between W-L and Glaxo OTC  as the same may be
amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Party' shall mean W-L or Glaxo or  any other Person which becomes a  party
to this Agreement.
 
     'Permitted  Liens' shall mean (i) any Lien for current taxes not delinquent
or taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) other
Liens incidental to the conduct of the business or the ownership of the property
and assets which were not incurred in connection with the borrowing of money  or
the  obtaining  of  advances  or  credit, and  which  do  not  in  the aggregate
materially detract from the value of the property or assets or materially impair
the use thereof in the operation of the business.
 
     'Permitted Transfer' shall mean a transfer of  all or part of a Party's  or
its  Affiliates' individual  interest in  this Agreement,  any of  the Operative
Documents, any JV  Business or any  JV Entity or  in any entity  which holds  an
interest  therein, made pursuant to  and in accordance with  Article XII of this
Agreement.
 
     'Person' shall mean  any individual or  corporation, company,  partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity
of any kind.
 
     'Prescription  Product' shall mean, in respect  of any country, any product
which is dispensed to consumers only against prescription and which has not been
given an OTC Classification in such country.
 
     'Prescription Ranitidine Products' shall mean,  in respect of any  country,
any Prescription Product making use of Ranitidine.
 
                                       3
 
<PAGE>
     'Ranitidine'   shall  mean,   the   pharmaceutical   compound   N-[2-[[[5-
[(dimethylamino)methyl]-2-furanyl]methyl]thio]ethyl]-N'-methyl-2-nitro-1,
1-ethenediamine  and  its hydrochloride  salt; provided, however, that  for the
avoidance  of doubt,  this  definition shall not encompass  Ranitidine  Bismuth
Citrate.
 
     'Ranitidine Bismuth Citrate' shall mean N-[2-[[[5-[(dimethylamino)methyl]
- -2-furanyl]methylthio]ethyl]-N'-methyl-2-nitro-1, 1-ethenediamine
2-hydroxy-1,2,3-propanetricarboxylate bismuth (3+) complex.
 
     'Ranitidine  OTC'  shall  mean, in  the  case  of a  tablet,  a formulation
containing less  than 150  milligrams of  Ranitidine or,  in the  case of  other
presentations,  a formulation  containing less  than the equivalent strength, in
either case in  which Ranitidine alone  is the active  ingredient and having  an
initial  indication different from the principal indications of the Prescription
Ranitidine Product  available  in the  United  States as  of  the date  of  this
Agreement (e.g., healing of ulcers).
 
     'Ranitidine  OTC License Agreement' shall mean the Agreement to be executed
at  the  Closing  of  this  Agreement  between  Glaxo  Services  and  the   U.S.
Partnership, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Ranitidine  OTC Products' shall mean, in  respect of any country, any drug
product which has  been given an  OTC Classification in  such country and  which
contains Ranitidine OTC.
 
     'Ranitidine   Products'  shall  mean  Ranitidine  OTC  Products  and  Other
Ranitidine Products.
 
     'Ranitidine Rights' shall mean all data, information  and other results  of
research  and  studies conducted  for the  purpose of  securing NDA  Approval of
Ranitidine OTC Products but excluding  proprietary chemical data owned by  Glaxo
or any of its Affiliates.
 
     'Ranitidine  Rights Agreement' shall  mean the Agreement  to be executed at
the Closing of this Agreement  between W-L, Glaxo Inc.,  Glaxo OTC and the  U.S.
Partnership, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Ranitidine Supply Agreement' shall mean the Ranitidine supply agreement to
be entered into in accordance with Section 2.03.
 
     'Regulatory  Approval' shall  mean the receipt  of final  approval from all
relevant governmental and other authorities to make, use and sell in a  relevant
territory a subject product together with all appropriate pricing approvals.
 
     'Sandoz  Agreement' shall mean the  Amended and Restated Ranitidine License
Agreement between  Glaxo  Services  and Sandoz  Pharmaceuticals  Corporation,  a
Delaware corporation,  dated as of October 1, 1991, and the Amended and Restated
Ranitidine Supply Agreement between Glaxo Supply Inc. and Sandoz Pharmaceuticals
Corporation, dated as of October 1, 1991.
 
     'Standstill  Agreement' shall mean the  Standstill Agreement to be executed
at the Closing of this Agreement between  W-L and Glaxo, in the form  identified
as  Exhibit A in the Supplemental Document Package as the same may be amended or
modified from time to time.
 
     'Supplemental Document Package' shall mean those Schedules and Exhibits the
form of which has been agreed upon and marked for identification by the Parties.
 
     'Supply Agreements' shall  mean the  bulk ingredient  and finished  product
supply  agreements  among  the  Parties,  their  Affiliates  and,  including the
Ranitidine Supply Agreement, the JV Entities or  any of them relating to the  JV
Businesses as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Taxes'  shall mean taxes or other levies and assessments including income,
excise, sales,  use, transfer,  registration, value  added, franchise,  capital,
withholding,  property,  payroll  or other  governmental  levies,  including any
penalties or interest thereon.
 
     'Third Party' shall  mean any  Person other than  a Party  or an  Affiliate
thereof but shall not include any JV Entity.
 
     'United  States' or 'U.S.' shall mean the fifty states of the United States
of America, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and any territory thereof and
U.S. military bases worldwide.
 
     'U.S. Partnership' shall  mean Glaxo  Warner-Lambert OTC G.P.,  a New  York
general  partnership to be established at the Closing of this Agreement pursuant
to the terms of the Partnership Agreement.
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
     'Valid Claim' means a claim which, but for licenses to be granted under the
Ranitidine OTC License Agreement, would  be infringed by the U.S.  Partnership's
manufacture,  use or  sale of  Ranitidine OTC in  any form,  and which  is in an
unexpired issued patent  included within the  Patent Rights (as  defined in  the
Ranitidine   OTC  License  Agreement)  which  has   not  been  held  invalid  or
unenforceable by a decision of  a court of competent jurisdiction,  unappealable
or  unappealed  within the  time  allowed for  appeal,  and which  has  not been
admitted to be  invalid by  the owner through  reissue or  disclaimer. If  there
should  be  two or  more decisions  which  are conflicting  with respect  to the
invalidity of the  same claim, the  decision of the  higher or highest  tribunal
shall  thereafter control;  however, should the  tribunals be  of equal dignity,
then the decision or decisions holding  the claim valid shall prevail where  the
conflicting  decisions are equal in number,  and the majority of decisions shall
prevail where the conflicting decisions are unequal in number.
 
     'W-L CPR&D'  shall mean  W-L Consumer  Products Research  & Development,  a
division  of  W-L,  or  any successor  or  additional  research  and development
division of W-L.
 
     'W-L Participant' shall mean, in respect of each JV Entity, W-L or such  of
W-L's direct or indirect wholly owned Affiliates, or W-WCHP, as may from time to
time  be the partner or other equity participant in such JV Entity in accordance
with this Agreement.
 
     'W-L Services Agreement' shall mean  the Services Agreement to be  executed
at  the Closing of this  Agreement between W-L and  the U.S. Partnership, as the
same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'W-WCHP' shall mean any joint  venture established in a particular  country
pursuant to the W-WCHP Global Principles Agreement.
 
     'W-WCHP  Global  Principles  Agreement' shall  mean  the  Global Principles
Agreement  to  be  entered  into  between  W-L  and  Wellcome  plc,  a   company
incorporated  under the laws of  England, a copy of  which shall be delivered by
W-L to Glaxo following execution thereof.
 
     'Zantac' shall mean the product containing  Ranitidine as sold by Glaxo  or
its Affiliates under the Zantac Trademark.
 
     'Zantac   Trademark'  shall   mean  (i)  the  trademark  Zantac'r' and  the
registrations thereof,  (ii) in  respect of  the United  States and  the  United
Kingdom,  the distinctive  five-sided form  and the  colors of  the prescription
product sold  by Glaxo  and its  Affiliates under the Zantac'r' trademark in the
United States or the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and (iii) to the extent
that  Glaxo, at its sole discretion, agrees  to license the same to the relevant
JV Entity or  Entities, such  other trade dress,  brand marks,  brand names  and
logos relating thereto and such unregistered rights as may exist through use.
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION  1.02. Other  Definitions. The following  terms are  defined in the
Sections indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
TERM                                                                                      SECTION
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   -------------
<S>                                                                                       <C>
Acquisition Notice.....................................................................           12.03(a)
Affected Party.........................................................................           12.03(a)
Alternate Representative...............................................................            3.02
Annual Operating Plan..................................................................            3.12
Change of Control......................................................................           12.03(a)
Claim..................................................................................           13.01
Closing................................................................................            2.01
Closing Date...........................................................................            2.01
Comparable Product.....................................................................            5.05(a)(iii)
Continuation...........................................................................           14.04
Deadlock...............................................................................            3.06
Development Committee..................................................................            3.08
Effective Date.........................................................................           14.03(a)(iv)
Entitled Party.........................................................................           14.03(b)
Existing Products......................................................................           14.03(e)
Exited Party...........................................................................           15.04
Expiry Date............................................................................            5.06(c)(ii)
General Manager........................................................................            4.04
Glaxo Notice...........................................................................            5.04(a)
Glaxo Offer............................................................................            5.03(b)
Glaxo Relevant Agreements..............................................................           10.02
Glaxo Relevant Country.................................................................            5.05(a)(i)
Glaxo Rights...........................................................................           10.04
Identified Party.......................................................................           14.03(a)(i)
Indemnified Party......................................................................           13.04(a)
Indemnifying Party.....................................................................           13.04(a)
JV Election............................................................................            5.04(b)
JV Equity..............................................................................           12.03(a)(x)
Legal Requirements.....................................................................            9.05
Management Fee.........................................................................            6.03
Marketing Notice.......................................................................            5.05(a)(i)
Mass Media.............................................................................            5.05(a)(ii)
NDA Notice.............................................................................           14.02(d)
Non-Affected Party.....................................................................           12.03(a)
Occurrence.............................................................................           10.06(b)
Permits................................................................................            9.05
Permitted Affiliates...................................................................            5.05(a)
Potential JV Product...................................................................            8.01
Proceedings............................................................................            9.04
Relevant Country.......................................................................            5.04(a)
Relevant Matters.......................................................................            6.07
Relevant Party.........................................................................           14.03(a)(ii)
Relevant Prescription Product..........................................................            5.05(b)
Relevant Product.......................................................................            5.05(a)
Representative.........................................................................            3.02
Specified Country......................................................................            5.03(b)(i)
W-L Relevant Agreements................................................................            9.02
</TABLE>
 
     SECTION 1.03. Statutory  Provisions. References  in this  Agreement to  any
provision  of any enactment, statute or any other legislation or to any rules or
regulations promulgated thereunder or other subordinate legislation include  any
modification,  amendment or re-enactment of that provision for the time being in
force.
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 1.04.  Schedules.  References in  this  Agreement to  any  Schedule
shall,  unless  the  context  otherwise  requires,  mean  the  relevant Schedule
contained in the Supplemental Document Package.
 
                                   ARTICLE II
 
     SECTION 2.01. Closing. The execution of this Agreement, and the  subsequent
closing  or closings  of the transactions  contemplated by  this Agreement (each
being a 'Closing') shall take place at  the offices of either Cravath, Swaine  &
Moore,  Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York or McKenna & Co.,
Mitre House, 160 Aldersgate  Street, London, England or  at such other place  as
the  Parties may agree on a date or dates  to be agreed upon by the Parties and,
in the case of such subsequent  closing or closings, as promptly as  practicable
following  the  satisfaction  or waiver  of all of  the conditions  set forth in
Article XI hereof, but in  no event later than  10 Business Days thereafter,  or
such  later  date as  the Parties  may agree  (in respect  of each  Closing, the
'Closing Date').
 
     SECTION 2.02. Action at the Closing of This Agreement. The Closing of  this
Agreement  shall take place immediately following  the execution and delivery of
this Agreement whereupon:
 
          (a) each of the Parties shall  execute and deliver those of the  other
     Closing  Documents to which it  is specified to be  a party and shall cause
     each of their Affiliates  and the U.S. Partnership  to execute and  deliver
     the same to the extent that they are specified to be parties thereto;
 
          (b)  the U.S. Partnership shall be established by and on the terms set
     forth in the Partnership Agreement;
 
          (c) the Governing Board of  the U.S. Partnership shall be  established
     by  and  on the  terms  set forth  in  this Agreement  and  the Partnership
     Agreement;
 
          (d) the  Development  Committee  of  the  U.S.  Partnership  shall  be
     established  by  and on  the  terms set  forth  in this  Agreement  and the
     Partnership Agreement; and
 
          (e) W-L shall,  and Glaxo  shall cause Glaxo  Inc. and  Glaxo OTC  to,
     execute and deliver, and W-L and Glaxo OTC shall cause the U.S. Partnership
     to  execute and deliver, the Ranitidine  Rights Agreement pursuant to which
     each of W-L and Glaxo  OTC shall acquire a  50% interest in the  Ranitidine
     Rights   and  shall  contribute  their  respective  50%  interests  in  the
     Ranitidine Rights to the U.S. Partnership.
 
     SECTION 2.03. Other  Action in Respect  of U.S. Partnership.  Prior to  the
marketing,  sale or  distribution of  any Ranitidine  OTC Product  in the United
States and promptly upon the request of  W-L the Parties shall, and shall  cause
such  of  their Affiliates  and  the U.S.  Partnership  to the  extent  they are
specified to be  parties thereto  to, execute  and deliver  a Ranitidine  supply
agreement  to be in accordance with the principles set forth in Section 6.05 and
otherwise in such form as shall be negotiated between the Parties.
 
     SECTION  2.04.  Subsequent  Closings.  Subsequent  Closings  to  establish,
pursuant  to the terms  hereof, additional JV Entities  and the Governing Boards
and Development Committees thereof, and  to contribute new products to  existing
JV   Entities,  will  be  held,  in  accordance  with  Section  2.01,  following
satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in Article XI hereof in respect
of the relevant JV Entity and/or the relevant product.
 
                                  ARTICLE III
                       MANAGEMENT OF JV ENTITIES; FUNDING
 
     SECTION 3.01. General Manager. Subject to the oversight responsibilities of
each Governing Board set forth in Section 3.03, to the requirements of local law
and the rights reserved to the Parties pursuant to Section 3.15, the  day-to-day
operations of each JV Entity shall be managed by a General Manager in accordance
with Section 4.04.
 
     SECTION  3.02.  Governing Boards;  Membership.  Each Governing  Board shall
consist of six  members. In respect  of each  Governing Board, each  of the  W-L
Participant  and the  Glaxo Participant shall,  by written notice  to the other,
designate  three   individuals  to   serve  as   members  (being,   in   respect
 
                                       7
 
<PAGE>
of  that JV Entity, the 'Representatives') of  that Governing Board and may from
time to time, by like notice, designate one or more alternate representatives to
act in the absence of any Representative  (being, in respect of that JV  Entity,
the   'Alternate  Representatives').  Notwithstanding   any  Permitted  Transfer
pursuant to  Section  12.02(a),  all  such  individuals  appointed  by  the  W-L
Participant  or the  Glaxo Participant  shall be  directors, officers  or senior
employees of W-L or Glaxo,  as the case may  be, or their respective  Affiliates
(excluding,  in the case of W-L, W-WCHP). The participation and acts (including,
without  limitation,  the   execution  of   any  document)   by  any   Alternate
Representative  shall,  for  all  purposes,  be deemed  to  be  the  act  of the
Representative for which the Alternate  Representative is acting and  references
herein  to 'Representative' shall be construed  accordingly. In the event of the
removal, resignation or death of any Representative or Alternate Representative,
the vacancy  thereby created  shall be  filled,  by written  notice to  the  W-L
Participant,  or the Glaxo  Participant as the  case may be,  by the participant
which designated  the Representative  or  Alternate Representative  so  removed,
resigning or deceased.
 
     SECTION 3.03. Responsibility of the Governing Boards. Subject to the rights
reserved to the Parties pursuant to Section 3.15, the Governing Board of each JV
Entity shall be responsible for overseeing the JV Business and the operations of
that  JV Entity and shall, in particular,  have sole jurisdiction to approve the
following matters:
 
          (a) the Annual Operating Plan for the JV Entity;
 
          (b) material transactions between the JV Entity and W-L, Glaxo, or any
     of their respective Affiliates, other than any transaction contemplated  by
     this  Agreement,  the relevant  JV Implementation  Agreements or  any other
     Operative Document;
 
          (c)  material  changes  in  accounting  practices  or  tax  procedures
     relating to the JV Entity;
 
          (d) material acquisitions or divestitures by the JV Entity;
 
          (e)  appointments and  removals of the  General Manager  and the other
     senior officers  or  managers of  the  JV Entity  and  the scope  of  their
     responsibilities;
 
          (f) material capital expenditures by the JV Entity;
 
          (g)  subject  to  Section  3.13  and  the  terms  of  the  relevant JV
     Implementation Agreement, all proposals for the continuing financing of the
     JV Entities;
 
          (h) any distributions by the JV Entity;
 
          (i) any license to be granted by any JV Entity to a Third Party or  by
     a  Third Party to any JV Entity or  the appointment by any JV Entity of any
     distributor (other than W-WCHP); and
 
          (j) such other matters as may  be mutually agreed between the  Parties
     or  which are  specified in  any Operative Document  to be  subject to such
     approval.
 
     SECTION 3.04. Actions of the  Governing Boards. Each Governing Board  shall
act  only upon  the unanimous written  consent of the  Representatives without a
meeting or  upon the  majority vote  of the  Representatives present  at a  duly
convened  meeting thereof at which  at least a quorum  of the Representatives is
present and in respect of which at least one Representative appointed by each of
the W-L Participant and the Glaxo Participant voted in favor of the matter under
consideration.
 
     SECTION 3.05. Meetings of the Governing Boards; Notice; Quorum. Meetings of
each Governing Board shall, unless otherwise determined by it, be held at  least
quarterly  on  such dates  as  the relevant  Governing  Board may  determine. In
addition, any Representative may call a meeting of the Governing Board of  which
it  is a member by giving written notice of such meeting (which may be waived by
the Persons  who would  otherwise receive  such  notice) to  each of  the  other
Representatives  (to the address of the W-L Participant or the Glaxo Participant
appointing such Representative) at least ten Business Days prior to the  meeting
or  such lesser period as to which  all the Representatives  may agree. Meetings
of each Governing Board may consist of a conference between Representatives  who
are  not all in one place, but in  which each is able (directly or by telephonic
communication) to speak to the  others, and to be heard  by each of the  others.
The  presence  of  not less  than  four  Representatives shall  be  necessary to
constitute a  quorum  for  the transaction  of  business  at any  meeting  of  a
Governing Board.
 
                                       8
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION  3.06. Deadlock.  If any  Governing Board is  unable to  agree on a
course of  action at  a duly  convened meeting  at which  at least  a quorum  of
Representatives  is present (the 'Deadlock'),  then the Chief Executive Officers
of W-L and Glaxo shall meet to attempt to resolve the Deadlock. If the  Deadlock
is not resolved within 45 calendar  days of the Governing Board meeting at which
such Deadlock arose, then, unless the relevant Governing Board otherwise agrees,
no  action will be taken with respect to  the matter which is the subject of the
Deadlock. In  the  event  that  the Deadlock  relates  to  any  proposed  Annual
Operating  Plan, then the relevant  JV Business will continue  to be operated on
the basis of the Annual Operating  Plan last approved by the relevant  Governing
Board.
 
     SECTION  3.07. Subcommittees of the  Governing Boards. Each Governing Board
may establish one or more subcommittees  to advise it on such specific  projects
or  matters as shall be  requested by the relevant Governing  Board or to act on
such projects  or  matters as  shall  be delegated  by  action of  the  relevant
Governing Board to such subcommittees; provided, however, that representation of
each of the W-L Participant and the Glaxo Participant on each subcommittee shall
be  equal.  Subcommittees shall  conduct  their business  on  such terms  as the
relevant Governing Board may determine.
 
     SECTION 3.08. Development Committees.  (a) Each JV  Entity may establish  a
committee  to  coordinate  the  development  activities  undertaken  by  the W-L
Participant, the Glaxo Participant or their respective Affiliates in  connection
with  the  business of  the  JV Entity  (each  a 'Development  Committee'). Each
Development Committee  shall  consist  of  eight members.  In  respect  of  each
Development  Committee, the W-L Participant and  the Glaxo Participant shall, by
written notice to the other, designate four individuals each to serve as members
on that committee.  Notwithstanding any Permitted  Transfer pursuant to  Section
12.02(a),  all such  individuals appointed by  the W-L Participant  or the Glaxo
Participant shall be directors, officers or senior employees of W-L or Glaxo, as
the case may be, or their respective Affiliates (excluding, in the case of  W-L,
W-WCHP).  In the event of  the removal, resignation or  death of any member, the
vacancy  thereby  created  shall  be  filled,  by  written  notice  to  the  W-L
Participant or the Glaxo Participant, as the case may be, by the participant who
designated  the  member  so  removed, resigning  or  deceased.  Each Development
Committee shall conduct  its business as  it sees  fit and shall  report to  the
relevant  Governing Board  on a  regular basis  or as  that Governing  Board may
direct. Each Development  Committee shall  have only  those powers  to bind  the
relevant  JV Entity as the  Governing Board of that JV  Entity may grant it, and
such Governing Board shall have absolute discretion as to whether to accept  and
follow any reports or recommendations submitted by the Development Committee.
 
     (b)  At  reasonable intervals,  and  in any  event  at least  once  in each
calendar year, each  Development Committee  shall meet to  discuss and  identify
potential  Glaxo OTC  Switch Products  or Ranitidine  Products for  the relevant
country and shall prepare and present  to the relevant Governing Board a  report
thereon, and the Parties shall consult and cooperate fully with each Development
Committee in respect of such process; provided, however, that Glaxo shall not be
required  to offer any OTC Switch Product or Ranitidine Product to any JV Entity
except pursuant to the provisions of Article V.
 
     SECTION 3.09. Removal of Representatives. In respect of any JV Entity,  the
W-L  Participant and the Glaxo Participant may at any time, by written notice to
the other, remove  (with or without  cause) one or  more of the  members of  the
Governing   Board,  any  subcommittee  thereof   or  the  Development  Committee
designated by it  and may, by  like notice,  designate new members  to serve  in
their place.
 
     SECTION  3.10.  No Remuneration.  Unless  the Parties  otherwise  agree, no
Person shall be entitled  to any fee, remuneration  or compensation from any  JV
Entity  in connection with their serving as a member of any Governing Board, any
subcommittee thereof or any Development Committee.
 
     SECTION 3.11. Other Positions of Representatives. Any Person may act in one
or more of the capacities of Representative, Alternate Representative, member of
any subcommittee or of any  Development Committee or officer, director,  manager
or  employee  of any  JV Entity  or any  Party  or any  Affiliate of  any Party,
notwithstanding that they act in any other such capacity.
 
     SECTION 3.12. Annual Operating Plan. The W-L Participant in each JV  Entity
shall  cause to be submitted to the Governing Board of that JV Entity, not later
than December 1 (or such other date as the Parties may agree) in each year,  for
review  and approval, an annual operating plan for the forthcoming calendar year
covering, among other  things, projections  and budgets with  respect to  sales,
 
                                       9
 
<PAGE>
operating  and capital  expenditures, financing,  development and  marketing (in
respect of each JV  Entity, as so reviewed  and approved, the 'Annual  Operating
Plan'); provided,  however, that Glaxo shall cause the proposed Annual Operating
Plan in respect of the U.S. Partnership for the calendar year ending on December
31,  1994,  an  outline  draft  of  which is  identified  as  Exhibit  B  in the
Supplemental Document Package,  to be submitted  by Glaxo OTC  to the  Governing
Board  of the U.S. Partnership  as promptly as practicable  after the Closing of
this Agreement.
 
     SECTION 3.13. Funding.  W-L and  Glaxo hereby  agree to  contribute, or  to
cause  the W-L  Participant or  the Glaxo  Participant, as  the case  may be, to
contribute, in  accordance  with and  subject  to sound  commercial  principles,
equally (or as the Parties or such participants may otherwise agree), such funds
as  may be  necessary for the  conduct of  the relevant JV  Business whether for
working capital  or  capital expenditures.  All  such funds  shall,  unless  the
Parties  otherwise agree, be contributed to the relevant JV Entity as additional
equity.
 
     SECTION 3.14.  Deliberations. The  deliberations of  each Governing  Board,
Development  Committee and  each subcommittee  thereof shall  not extend  to any
business activity of the Parties other than as may be necessary to perform their
responsibilities in connection with the relevant JV Business.
 
     SECTION 3.15. Reserved Matters. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or the other Operative Documents,  and without prejudice to any  other
such provision requiring the consent or agreement of both Parties, the following
matters shall be subject to the agreement of both Parties:
 
          (a) expansion of the JV Business into any new country; and
 
          (b)  all prices for the sale of  products between, or the provision of
     services by either of, the Parties (or their Affiliates), on the one  hand,
     and  any  JV Entity,  on the  other hand,  or  between any  two or  more JV
     Entities, with respect to the JV Businesses.
 
                                   ARTICLE IV
                            OPERATIONS; JV ENTITIES
 
     SECTION 4.01. General. The businesses  contemplated  by this Agreement  and
by  the other  Operative Documents  shall be  implemented by  JV Entities  to be
established from time to time by the Parties in accordance with this Agreement.
 
     SECTION 4.02. Establishment of Other JV Entities. Following (i)  acceptance
by W-L, on behalf of the relevant JV Entity (formed or to be formed), of a Glaxo
Offer  pursuant  to  Section 5.03, or  (ii) the making  by W-L of  a JV Election
pursuant to Section 5.04(b), the Parties shall, if necessary, promptly establish
a JV Entity in the relevant Non-U.S. Country in order to conduct the JV Business
which is the  subject of  such acceptance or  election in  accordance with  this
Article  IV (unless, taking  into account all  relevant  matters including those
set forth in  Section 4.03(a), the  Parties agree  that a JV  Entity in  another
country should conduct such business).
 
     SECTION 4.03. Form and Structure of JV Entities. The Parties agree that:
 
          (a)  the nature  of the  entity constituting  each JV  Entity shall be
     determined  by  the  Parties   taking  into  consideration  relevant   tax,
     accounting and legal issues;
 
          (b)  subject to Article XII, the  equity of the U.S. Partnership shall
     be owned  by  W-L  and  Glaxo  OTC  in  the  proportions  provided  in  the
     Partnership Agreement;
 
          (c)  subject to Article XII, the equity  of each other JV Entity shall
     be owned equally by  W-L (or such  of its direct  or indirect wholly  owned
     Affiliates,  or  W-WCHP  provided  the requirements  set  forth  in Section
     12.02(b) are satisfied,  as W-L  may nominate) and  Glaxo (or  such of  its
     direct  or indirect  wholly owned  Affiliates as  Glaxo may  nominate) and,
     subject to such principle, the  Parties shall use their reasonable  efforts
     to  organize  each such  entity  in such  manner as  will  permit it  to be
     classified for  U.S.  Federal  income  tax purposes  as  a  partnership  or
     otherwise  permit it to avoid being  classified as an 'uncontrolled Section
     902 corporation'  with  respect  to  W-L  within  the  meaning  of  Section
     904(d)(2)(E)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; provided,
     however,  that such action shall not,  in Glaxo's reasonable judgment, have
     an adverse financial effect on Glaxo or any of its Affiliates;
 
                                       10
 
<PAGE>
          (d) the Operating Profit and Loss with respect to each JV Entity shall
     be shared  equally  by  the  Parties,  and,  to  the  extent  necessary  or
     appropriate  to achieve  that objective, adjustments  shall be  made to the
     interests of the W-L Participant and the Glaxo Participant in the profit or
     loss of the JV Entity so as to  take into account any amounts in excess  of
     Fully  Allocated Cost realized  by either Party (or  any of its Affiliates)
     from the supply  of goods or  services to, or  use of property  by, the  JV
     Entity,  other than the charges provided  for in Sections 5.06, 6.01, 6.02,
     6.03 and 6.04, and after off setting such amounts by any fees, commissions,
     allowances or other payments  made pursuant to Section  6.05 in respect  of
     such supply of goods or services, or use of property, by such Party (or any
     of  its Affiliates). In addition, to  the extent necessary to fully achieve
     this objective, such  adjustments as are  necessary shall be  made to  such
     amounts, fees, commissions, allowances or other payments;
 
          (e)  the amounts to be charged by  the Parties and their Affiliates to
     each JV Entity in respect of management fees and royalty payments shall  be
     determined  in accordance with  Sections 5.06(d)  and 6.04 except that such
     amounts, with  respect to  the  U.S. Partnership,  shall be  determined  in
     accordance with Sections 5.06(c) and 6.03; and
 
          (f)  the membership of all statutory or legal governing bodies of each
     JV Entity shall be kept to the minimum permitted by all applicable laws (or
     as  the  relevant  Governing  Board  may  otherwise  determine);  provided,
     however,  that the relevant W-L Participant  and Glaxo Participant shall be
     equally represented on each such governing body.
 
     SECTION  4.04.  Management  of  JV  Entities.  The  W-L  Participant  shall
nominate,  subject to the  approval of the relevant  Governing Board pursuant to
Section 3.03(e), a General  Manager of each JV  Entity who will have  day-to-day
operational responsibility for such JV Entity (each a 'General Manager').
 
     SECTION  4.05.  Operations  To  Be  Conducted  in  Accordance  with  Annual
Operating Plan and Direction  of Governing Board.  The day-to-day operations  of
each  JV Entity shall be conducted by its General Manager in accordance with the
Annual Operating Plan  and otherwise in  accordance with the  directions of  the
relevant  Governing Board.  For the avoidance  of doubt, the  Parties agree that
none of the actions and matters referred  to in Sections 3.03 and 3.15 shall  be
taken  without the prior consent of the relevant Governing Board or the Parties,
as the case may  be, and the  Parties shall ensure that  the General Manager  of
each  JV Entity is fully  aware of the actions  which require such prior consent
and that his or her  authority does not extend  to such transactions or  matters
and shall ensure that the General Manager does not take any such actions.
 
                                   ARTICLE V
                                  JV PRODUCTS
 
     SECTION  5.01. General. Except as provided by this Article V, Glaxo and its
Affiliates shall be free to develop, manufacture, market, sell or distribute any
products in any country.
 
     SECTION 5.02. Ranitidine Products in the United States. (a) At the  Closing
of  this Agreement  W-L shall,  and Glaxo shall  cause Glaxo  OTC to, establish,
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the U.S. Partnership for the purposes  of
developing,  manufacturing, marketing,  selling and  distributing Ranitidine OTC
Products in the United States.
 
     (b) Glaxo may, in its sole discretion, from time to time offer to grant  to
W-L  on behalf of  the U.S. Partnership the  marketing, selling and distribution
rights (and, if  the Parties  agree, the development  and manufacturing  rights)
with  respect to Other  Ranitidine Products in  the United States.  In the event
that Glaxo decides, in its sole discretion, to offer to the U.S. Partnership the
rights to any  such product, Glaxo  shall offer,  by written notice  to W-L,  to
grant  to the U.S.  Partnership the exclusive right  (subject to Section 5.05(a)
and as provided  by the Sandoz  Agreement) to market,  sell and distribute  such
product  in  the  United States  (and,  if  the Parties  agree,  to  develop and
manufacture such product therefor) and to  grant the U.S. Partnership a  license
in  accordance with Section 5.06(a) and (b)  in respect thereof, in each case in
consideration for  the  royalties  payable  in respect  of  the  license  to  be
negotiated  in accordance with  Section 5.06(d) and  it shall be  a term of such
offer that W-L shall be
 
                                       11
 
<PAGE>
entitled to provide  the U.S. Partnership  with services, and  to be  reimbursed
therefor, in each case in accordance with Section 6.04.
 
     (c)  Following the making of an  offer in accordance  with Section 5.02(b),
W-L shall as soon as reasonably practicable  and in any event within six  months
either accept or decline such offer on behalf of the U.S. Partnership by written
notice to Glaxo, and:
 
          (i)  Glaxo shall, during such six  month period, provide W-L with such
     further information relating to the matters  which are the subject of  such
     offer  (including copies of all  Glaxo Regulatory Documentation relating to
     the relevant  product  which is  the  subject of  such  offer) as  W-L  may
     reasonably  request and shall update such information promptly from time to
     time;
 
          (ii) in the event of such offer being accepted by W-L, W-L, on  behalf
     of  the  U.S.  Partnership,  and  Glaxo shall  use  their  best  efforts to
     negotiate and execute as  soon as reasonably practicable  and in any  event
     within  three months the relevant Operative  Documents (to be in accordance
     with the  principles  referred  to  in  Section  5.03(b),  Article  VI  and
     otherwise as the Parties may agree); and
 
          (iii)  in the event of such offer being declined by W-L, W-L on behalf
     of the U.S. Partnership,  shall at the time  the offer is declined  provide
     Glaxo  with a full statement of reasons  for declining such offer and shall
     afford Glaxo the opportunity of discussing fully such reasons for refusal.
 
     (d) Except as  provided by  Section 5.05(a) or  as provided  by the  Sandoz
Agreement, Glaxo shall not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates do not, market,
sell  or distribute  or  grant any license  or other similar  right to any Third
Party to market, sell or distribute any Ranitidine Product in the United States.
 
     SECTION 5.03. Other  Products and/or  Other Countries.  (a) General.  Glaxo
may,  in its sole discretion,  from time to time  offer to W-L to  grant to a JV
Entity or  Entities  (formed  or to  be  formed)  in a  particular  country  the
marketing,  selling  and distribution  rights (and,  if  the Parties  agree, the
development and manufacturing  rights) with respect  to a particular  Ranitidine
Product in a Non-U.S. Country or any OTC Switch Product.
 
     (b) The Glaxo Offer. If Glaxo desires to grant to any Third Party any right
to market, sell or distribute:
 
          (i)  any Ranitidine  Product in  any Non-U.S.  Country other  than the
     countries set forth on Schedule  5.03(b)(i) (the 'Specified Countries')  or
     under  the terms, as at  the date of this  Agreement, of the agreements set
     forth on Schedule 5.03(d); or
 
          (ii) any OTC Switch  Product in any country  other than the  Specified
     Countries;
 
Glaxo  shall offer, by written notice to W-L  (the 'Glaxo Offer'), to grant to a
JV Entity or Entities (formed or to  be formed) the exclusive right (subject  to
Section  5.05(a)) to  market, sell and  distribute such product  in the relevant
country (and, if  the Parties agree,  to develop and  manufacture  such  product
therefor)  and to grant such JV Entity  or Entities a license in accordance with
Section 5.06(a) and (b)  in respect thereof, in  each case in consideration  for
the  royalties payable in respect of the  license to be negotiated in accordance
with Sections 5.06(d) and  it shall be a  term of such offer  that W-L shall  be
entitled  to provide the relevant JV Entity or Entities with services, and to be
reimbursed therefor, in  each case  in accordance with  Section 6.04;  provided,
however,  that no Glaxo Offer shall be required to be made, and the restrictions
in Sections 5.03(d) and 5.04 hereof shall not apply, if:
 
          (x) at the time that a Glaxo  Offer would be required to be made  (or,
     if Section 5.04(a)(ii) is applicable, at the time that a Glaxo Notice would
     be  required to be made) W-L or any of its Affiliates or any Third Party on
     their behalf  (other than  pursuant to  a license  under which  W-L or  its
     Affiliates  are only entitled to receive  royalties and otherwise only have
     rights  consistent  with  passive  license  arrangements)  are  developing,
     manufacturing, marketing, selling or distributing (or have entered into any
     agreement,  other than such a license, to  do the same with respect to) any
     non-prescription product  in such  country which  would in  the  reasonable
     opinion of Glaxo directly compete with the Ranitidine Product or OTC Switch
     Product  which is the subject of the Glaxo Offer or the Glaxo Notice as the
     case may be, it being agreed by the Parties that a non-prescription product
     will directly compete with a Ranitidine OTC Product only if it contains  an
     H2  antagonist or a proton  pump inhibitor and except  as aforesaid, if the
     Parties cannot agree whether any such
 
                                       12
 
<PAGE>
     non-prescription product will directly compete with a Ranitidine Product or
     an  OTC  Switch Product  the Parties  shall  seek to  resolve the  issue by
     negotiation; and
 
          (y) Glaxo shall have notified W-L  in writing that a Glaxo Offer  (or,
     if Section 5.04(a)(ii) is applicable, a Glaxo Notice) would be made but for
     the  terms  of  paragraph  (x)  of this  proviso  and  W-L  shall  not have
     undertaken in writing  to Glaxo,  within three  months of  receipt of  such
     written  notice,  to terminate  the development,  manufacturing, marketing,
     sale or distribution of any such competing product prior to the Launch Date
     for the relevant Ranitidine Product or OTC Switch Product.
 
     (c) Acceptance of Glaxo Offer. Following  the making of a Glaxo Offer,  W-L
shall  as soon as  reasonably practicable, and  in any event  within six months,
either accept or  decline such  offer on  behalf of  the relevant  JV Entity  or
Entities by written notice to Glaxo, and:
 
          (i)  Glaxo shall, during such six-month  period, provide W-L with such
     further information relating to  the matters which are  the subject of  the
     Glaxo  Offer  (including  copies  of  all  Glaxo  Regulatory  Documentation
     relating to the relevant product which  is the subject of the Glaxo  Offer)
     as  W-L may reasonably  request and shall  update such information promptly
     from time to time; and
 
          (ii) in the event of  the Glaxo Offer being  accepted by W-L, W-L  and
     Glaxo  shall use  their best  efforts to negotiate  and execute  as soon as
     reasonably practicable, and in any event within three months, the  relevant
     Operative Documents (to be in accordance with the principles referred to in
     Section 5.03(b), Article VI and otherwise as the Parties may agree); or
 
          (iii)  in the event  of the Glaxo  Offer being declined,  or not being
     accepted by  W-L  within  six months  of  the  Glaxo Offer,  Glaxo  or  its
     Affiliates  shall then, and only  then, be entitled to  grant a license, on
     terms no more  favorable than those  last offered to  W-L pursuant to  this
     Section  5.03, to  a Third Party  to develop, manufacture,  market, sell or
     distribute the  product which  is the  subject of  the Glaxo  Offer in  the
     country referred to therein.
 
     (d)  Restrictions  on Glaxo  and Glaxo  Affiliates.  Except as  provided in
Section 5.05(a) or under  the terms, as  at the date of  this Agreement, of  the
agreements  set forth on Schedule 5.03(d), Glaxo shall not and shall ensure that
its Affiliates do not  themselves market, sell or  distribute without the  prior
written  consent of W-L, and, except as further provided in Section 5.03(c)(iii)
and Section 5.04, Glaxo shall  not and shall ensure  that its Affiliates do  not
grant  any  license or  other similar  right to  any Third  Party any  rights to
market, sell or distribute:
 
          (i) any  Ranitidine Product  in any  Non-U.S. Country  other than  the
     Specified Countries; or
 
          (ii)  any OTC Switch  Product in any country  other than the Specified
     Countries;
 
          SECTION 5.04. Right of First Refusal. (a) The Glaxo Notice. If:
 
          (i) following the making of a Glaxo Offer which is not accepted by W-L
     pursuant to Section  5.03(c), Glaxo  desires to grant  pursuant to  Section
     5.03(c)(iii) to any Third Party the right to market, sell or distribute the
     products  which are the subject of the  Glaxo Offer in the country referred
     to in the Glaxo Offer  on terms more favorable  than those last offered  to
     W-L pursuant to Section 5.03; or
 
          (ii)  Glaxo desires to grant  a license to any  Third Party to market,
     sell or distribute  any Ranitidine  Product or  OTC Switch  Product in  any
     Specified Country;
 
Glaxo shall first give written notice (the 'Glaxo Notice') to W-L specifying the
relevant country ('Relevant Country'), a description of the products intended to
be  marketed in such country and in respect of which such license is intended to
be granted and  the principal  terms on  which such  license is  proposed to  be
granted and Glaxo shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates, only grant such a
license if permitted to do so by Section 5.04(d).
 
     (b)  The JV Election. W-L  shall as soon as  reasonably practicable, and in
any event within one month of receipt of a Glaxo Notice (if the Glaxo Notice  is
given  pursuant to  Section 5.04(a)(i))  or three months  of receipt  of a Glaxo
Notice (if the Glaxo Notice is given pursuant to Section 5.04(a)(ii)), by notice
in writing to Glaxo, either elect  that the marketing, sale and distribution  of
the  products specified  in the  Glaxo Notice in  the Relevant  Country shall be
exclusively conducted by a JV Entity (the 'JV
 
                                       13
 
<PAGE>
Election') or waive its right to make such an election. Following the making  of
a JV Election, the Parties shall use their best efforts to negotiate and execute
as  soon  as  reasonably practicable,  and  in  any event  within  three months,
Operative Documents having  the same principal  terms as those  proposed in  the
Glaxo Notice and otherwise as W-L and Glaxo shall agree.
 
     (c)  Information.  Following the  giving of  a  Glaxo Notice,  Glaxo shall,
during the  period in  which W-L  may make  a JV  Election pursuant  to  Section
5.04(b)  but has not done so or waived its right to do so, provide W-L with such
further information  relating to  the matters  required to  be included  therein
(including copies of all Glaxo Regulatory Documentation relating to the relevant
product  which is the subject of the Glaxo Notice) as W-L may reasonably request
and shall update such information promptly from time to time.
 
     (d) Glaxo's Rights If No JV Election. If W-L shall waive its right to  make
a  JV Election in accordance with Section 5.04(b) or, in any event, if following
the expiry of the one or three  month period referred to in Section 5.04(b)  W-L
shall not have made a JV Election, Glaxo and its Affiliates shall then, and only
then, be free to license (on terms no more favorable than those set forth in the
Glaxo  Notice)  the  marketing, sale  and  distribution rights  to  the products
specified in the Glaxo Notice in  the Relevant Country; provided, however,  that
such  marketing, selling or distribution commences  within two years of (x) such
waiver or (y) the expiry of such one or three month period, as the case may  be,
or  such longer  period as  may be  necessary solely  because of  any regulatory
delays not attributable to any omission,  negligence or otherwise due to a  lack
of reasonable diligence by Glaxo or the proposed licensee.
 
     SECTION  5.05. Glaxo Marketing Rights. (a) Notwithstanding anything in this
Article V to the contrary, Glaxo, any direct or indirect wholly owned  Affiliate
of  Glaxo, any  Affiliate set  forth on Schedule  5.05(a) hereof  and any future
Affiliate of Glaxo which is not a wholly owned Affiliate of Glaxo and which  has
not  been established and is not being used for the purpose of circumventing the
restrictions of  this  Agreement on  the  grant of  licenses  by Glaxo  and  its
Affiliates  to Third Parties (all  such Affiliates being 'Permitted Affiliates')
shall each be free to itself market, sell or distribute in the United States  or
in  any Non-U.S. Country, a  version of a drug  product (the 'Relevant Product')
having the same indications or dosage  strength as a then existing  Prescription
Product  of  Glaxo  or its  Affiliates  marketed  in the  relevant  country (the
'Relevant Prescription  Product')  if  the  Relevant Product  is  given  an  OTC
Classification in the relevant country and provided, however, that:
 
          (i) Glaxo shall first have given written notice (a 'Marketing Notice')
     to  W-L of  its intention  so to  market, sell  or distribute  the Relevant
     Product, giving details of the Relevant Product including its  indications,
     dosage  strength, brand names,  tradenames and trademarks  and the relevant
     country (the 'Glaxo Relevant Country') not less than 90 calendar days prior
     to the commencement of such marketing, selling or distribution;
 
          (ii) such marketing, sale or distribution shall not involve the use of
     Mass Media directed to consumers unless, in the Glaxo Relevant Country, use
     of Mass Media with  respect to the Relevant  Prescription Product has  been
     lawfully  carried  out by  Glaxo or  its Affiliates  prior to  the Relevant
     Product being given an OTC Classification  in that country and such use  of
     Mass   Media  was  not  carried  out  with  the  purpose  of  avoiding  the
     restrictions of  this paragraph  (ii);  for the  purposes of  this  Section
     5.05(a)(ii) and Section 5.05(b), 'Mass Media' shall mean television, radio,
     outdoor advertising, direct mail or lay newspapers, magazines or journals;
 
          (iii)  in the event that a JV Entity has begun developing a Ranitidine
     Product (if the Relevant Product is a Ranitidine Product) or (in any  other
     case)  a product  containing the same  principal active  ingredients as the
     Relevant  Product   ('Comparable   Products')  for   marketing,   sale   or
     distribution  in the  Glaxo Relevant Country  but has  not begun marketing,
     selling or distributing the Comparable Product in such country:
 
             (A) W-L and  Glaxo shall  discuss in  good faith  the viability  of
        developing or continuing to develop a Ranitidine Product or a Comparable
        Product, as the case may be, for marketing, sale or distribution by a JV
        Entity  in  the Glaxo  Relevant Country  and/or  the establishment  of a
        co-promotion or co-marketing arrangement with respect to the  marketing,
        sale  or  distribution of  the Relevant  Product  in the  Glaxo Relevant
        Country,
 
                                       14
 
<PAGE>
             (B) if the Parties fail  to agree on satisfactory arrangements  for
        such development of a Ranitidine Product or a Comparable Product or such
        a  co-promotion or co-marketing arrangement with respect to the Relevant
        Product, Glaxo shall first have  reimbursed, on an after-tax basis,  (X)
        all  relevant JV Entities  and/or W-L and the  W-L Participant (with the
        principle being that W-L and the W-L Participant be made whole) for  all
        costs  (including reimbursement costs)  expended or incurred  by them or
        for which they are, or will with  the passage of time become, liable  in
        connection  with the  development of  Ranitidine Products  or Comparable
        Products, as  the  case may  be,  specifically for  marketing,  sale  or
        distribution  in the  Glaxo Relevant  Country and  (Y) if  the Marketing
        Notice relates to Ranitidine Products in the United States, W-L for  all
        milestone  payments made by W-L to Glaxo Inc. pursuant to the Ranitidine
        Rights Agreement, and
 
             (C) immediately following  the reimbursement  of development  costs
        and,  if relevant, milestone payments in respect of any product pursuant
        to clause (B) above, any license granted to any JV Entity in respect  of
        such product shall terminate without further action of the Parties;
 
          (iv)  in the  event that a  JV Entity shall  have commenced marketing,
     selling or distributing Ranitidine Products  (if the Relevant Product is  a
     Ranitidine  Product) or  a Comparable  Product (in  any other  case) in the
     Glaxo Relevant Country, and without prejudice to Glaxo's and its  Permitted
     Affiliates'  rights to market,  sell or distribute  the Relevant Product in
     the Relevant Country,  W-L and Glaxo  shall discuss and  negotiate in  good
     faith  arrangements with respect to the marketing, sale and distribution of
     the Relevant Product and the relevant Ranitidine Product or the  Comparable
     Product,  as the case may  be, in the Glaxo  Relevant Country including the
     establishment of co-promotion or co-marketing arrangements with respect  to
     such products; and
 
          (v)  in the  event that  a JV  Entity shall  have commenced marketing,
     selling or distributing Ranitidine Products  (if the Relevant Product is  a
     Ranitidine  Product)  or  Comparable  Products  (in  any  other  case), the
     Relevant Product shall only be marketed,  sold or distributed (by Glaxo  or
     its Permitted Affiliates) under trademarks, trade dress, brand marks, brand
     names  and logos being used by Glaxo  or its Affiliates in respect of their
     prescription business in the Relevant Country as it relates to the Relevant
     Prescription Product or  such other trademarks,  trade dress, brand  marks,
     brand  names or logos which are different than, and not confusingly similar
     to, those granted to the JV Entity.
 
     (b) In the event that Glaxo intends that it or any Permitted Affiliate will
market, sell or distribute any Relevant Product pursuant to Section 5.05(a)  and
such  product would be suitable for promotion by Mass Media but is not permitted
to be so promoted by  Section 5.05(a)(ii), W-L and  Glaxo shall discuss in  good
faith   the  desirability   of  establishing  a   co-promotion  or  co-marketing
arrangement in respect of that product.
 
     (c) For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section 5.05 do  not
in  any way apply to or restrict the marketing, selling or distribution by Glaxo
or any of its Affiliates on or after the date of this Agreement in any Specified
Country except to the extent that a JV Entity is developing, marketing,  selling
or  distributing an OTC version of the Relevant Prescription Product in any such
Specified Country.
 
     SECTION 5.06. Licenses and  Services. (a) Grant of  License. In respect  of
each  country where  any products are  to be  developed, manufactured, marketed,
sold or distributed  by a  JV Entity,  Glaxo shall  promptly on  request by  W-L
grant,  or  cause its  Affiliates  to grant,  to the  relevant  JV Entity  or JV
Entities an exclusive license (even as to  Glaxo and its Affiliates, but in  any
event  subject to Section 5.05(a) but subject  to the rights, if any, granted by
the terms,  as at  the date  hereof, of  the Agreements  set forth  on  Schedule
5.03(d) or the Sandoz Agreement):
 
          (i) to use, in the non-prescription health care market, all patent and
     other  intellectual property rights owned by Glaxo or any of its Affiliates
     as may be necessary for  the development, manufacture, marketing, sale  and
     distribution  of such products by or on behalf of the relevant JV Entity or
     JV Entities; and
 
                                       15
 
<PAGE>
          (ii) where any such product is a Ranitidine Product, to use the Zantac
     Trademark (or, if  the Zantac Trademark  is not used  in that country,  the
     prescription  trademark  so  used  in  that  country)  in  connection  with
     Ranitidine Products  in  the non-prescription  health  care market  in  the
     relevant country; provided, however, that Glaxo shall not be required so to
     grant  or  to  cause  the grant  of  an  exclusive license  to  use  in the
     non-prescription health care  market the  Zantac Trademark  (or such  other
     prescription  trademark)  in  respect of  any  Non-U.S. Country  if  it can
     demonstrate, to  the  reasonable  satisfaction  of W-L  on  behalf  of  the
     relevant JV Entity (formed or to be formed), a compelling commercial reason
     why  such trademark should not  be used in such  Non-U.S. Country, in which
     case, Glaxo shall not itself use  the Zantac Trademark and shall not  grant
     to  any Person a license to use the Zantac Trademark in connection with the
     marketing, sale or distribution of  any Ranitidine Product in the  relevant
     Non-U.S. Country.
 
     (b)  Terms of License.  Each license shall  provide for the  payment by the
relevant JV Entities of royalties to  be determined in accordance with  Sections
5.06(c)  and  (d),  shall  continue until  terminated  in  accordance  with this
Agreement (under Section 5.05(a)(iii)(C) or Article XIV) and shall otherwise  be
on  such terms  as Glaxo  may in  good faith  offer to  W-L or  otherwise as the
Parties may agree; and provided, however, that unless Glaxo otherwise agrees, no
JV Entity shall promote, sample or  sell JV Products through marketing  channels
principally  targeted at physicians, other  medical practitioners or pharmacists
in the relevant country.
 
     (c) Royalties Payable by the U.S. Partnership in Respect of Ranitidine OTC.
The Parties  agree that  in  consideration for  the  grant, in  accordance  with
Sections  5.06(a) and (b), of a license by Glaxo Services to use patents and the
Zantac Trademark  in connection  with the  development, manufacture,  marketing,
sale  and distribution of  Ranitidine OTC and  Ranitidine OTC Products  in or in
respect of the United States, the U.S. Partnership and/or any other relevant  JV
Entities shall pay to Glaxo Services a royalty at the following rates:
 
          (i)  in  respect of  the  period beginning  on  the Launch  Date  of a
     Ranitidine OTC  Product  to  (but  not  including)  the  first  anniversary
     thereof,  15%  of  the  U.S.  Partnership's  Net  Sales  of  Ranitidine OTC
     Products;
 
          (ii) in  respect of  the period  beginning on  the date  of the  first
     anniversary  of such Launch Date to (but not including) the date upon which
     both  of  Glaxo's  U.S.  patents  (including  all  divisions,   extensions,
     reissues, renewals, continuations and continuations in part thereof) listed
     on  Schedule 5.06(c)(ii)  shall have  expired or  shall cease  to contain a
     Valid Claim (the 'Expiry Date'), 20% of the U.S. Partnership's Net Sales of
     Ranitidine OTC Products; and
 
          (iii) in respect of  the period beginning on  the Expiry Date, 15%  of
     the U.S. Partnership's Net Sales of Ranitidine OTC Products;
 
provided,  however,  that the  Parties shall  renegotiate,  in good  faith, such
royalty in the event that such royalty when aggregated with the Fully  Allocated
Cost  of  manufacturing (determined  in accordance  with Schedule  1.01(a)) bulk
Ranitidine supplied to  any JV Entity  in respect  of the business  of the  U.S.
Partnership  plus  the  Fully  Allocated  Cost  incurred  in  manufacturing  and
finishing Ranitidine OTC Products exceed, in respect of any twelve month period,
the amount representing the  percentage of the U.S.  Partnership's Net Sales  of
Ranitidine  OTC Products as follows:  (i) in respect of  the twelve month period
ending on  the day  preceding the  first anniversary  of the  Launch Date  of  a
Ranitidine  OTC  Product by  the U.S.  Partnership,  26% of  Net Sales;  (ii) in
respect of each  following twelve month  period, or part  thereof, prior to  the
Expiry  Date, 30% of  Net Sales; and  (iii) in respect  of each following twelve
month period ending on the day prior to the anniversary of the Launch Date of  a
Ranitidine  OTC Product by the U.S. Partnership, 26% of Net Sales; and provided,
further, that if  (following adjustments, if  any, made in  accordance with  the
foregoing  proviso) the U.S.  Partnership incurs a loss  (by reference to profit
before tax as  calculated in  accordance with United  States generally  accepted
accounting  principles) in the  twelve month period ending  on the day preceding
the second anniversary of such Launch  Date, the Parties shall discuss, in  good
faith, an adjustment to the royalty and the Management Fee.
 
     (d)  Other  Royalties. (i)  The royalties to be charged to the relevant  JV
Entities in respect of sales of  Ranitidine  OTC Products in Non-U.S.  Countries
shall, with regard to the trademarks and patents
 
                                       16
 
<PAGE>
     licensed by Glaxo or its Affiliates to the relevant JV Entity or  Entities,
     be  broadly  similar  to  the trademark  and  patent  royalties  payable in
     respect  of sales  of such products in the United States in accordance with
     Section 5.06(c),  subject only  to such  changes or modifications  as Glaxo
     and  W-L may agree  are  necessary  to  reflect the relative  value of  the
     rights  being  granted  to the  JV  Entity or  Entities  and  local  market
     conditions.

         (ii) The royalties to be charged to all JV Entities (including the U.S.
     Partnership)  in respect  of Other  Ranitidine  Products  and  OTC   Switch
     Products  shall with  regard  to the  trademarks  and patents  licensed  by
     Glaxo  to  the relevant  JV Entity or  Entities, be such royalties as Glaxo
     may in good faith offer to W-L or otherwise as the Parties may agree.
 
     (e) Services. W-L shall be entitled to provide each JV Entity with services
and shall be entitled to be reimbursed therefor in accordance with Sections 6.03
and 6.04.
 
    SECTION 5.07. Representations and Warranties. With respect to any Ranitidine
Product or OTC Switch Product to be developed, marketed, sold or distributed  by
any  JV Entity pursuant to this Article V (other than Ranitidine OTC Products to
be developed, marketed, sold or distributed by the U.S. Partnership pursuant  to
Section  5.02(a)), Glaxo shall deliver to W-L  and the relevant JV Entity on the
date of  execution of  the relevant  JV Implementation  Agreement (if  a new  JV
Entity  is being  established) or the  relevant License Agreement  (in any other
case), a  certificate confirming  that the  representations and  warranties  set
forth  in Sections 10.02(b), 10.04 to 10.07 and 10.09 are true and correct as at
the date of such  certificate subject only to  such exceptions thereto as  Glaxo
may  detail  in such  certificate  (such exceptions  to  be limited  to specific
factual matters); provided, however, that:
 
          (a) for the purposes of  such certificate and the representations  and
     warranties made therein, references to 'Glaxo Products' as used in Sections
     10.02(b),  10.04  to 10.07  and 10.09  shall  mean the  relevant Ranitidine
     Product or OTC Switch Product to be developed, manufactured, marketed, sold
     or distributed by the relevant JV Entity in the relevant country;
 
          (b) where the participant in the relevant JV Entity is not a Party but
     is an Affiliate of a Party, such representations and warranties shall,  for
     the purposes of this Section 5.07, be construed as if references therein to
     such  Party were references  to both that  Party and the  Affiliate of such
     Party which is the participant in the relevant JV Entity; and
 
          (c) references therein to the  'Glaxo Relevant Agreements' shall  mean
     the  JV Implementation Agreement (if a  new JV Entity is being established)
     or the relevant License  Agreement (in any other  case) in connection  with
     which  such representations and warranties  are being confirmed pursuant to
     this Section 5.07, and all other Operative Documents being entered into  in
     connection  therewith, in each case to which Glaxo or any of its Affiliates
     is a party.
 
     SECTION 5.08. Non-Compete. Except as expressly permitted by Article V, each
of W-L and Glaxo agrees that it will  not, and will cause its Affiliates not  to
introduce,   or  participate  in  the  introduction   of,  any  product  in  the
non-prescription consumer health care market  (other than a JV Product  pursuant
to  the terms of  this Agreement) in any  country if such  product would, in the
reasonable opinion of  the other  Party, directly  compete with  any JV  Product
being marketed, sold or distributed in that country, or which is being developed
for marketing, sale or distribution, by a JV Entity in such country. The Parties
agree that a product will directly compete with a Ranitidine OTC Product only if
it contains an H2 antagonist or a proton pump inhibitor. Except as aforesaid, if
the  Parties cannot agree  whether any product  will directly compete  with a JV
Product they shall seek to resolve the issue by negotiation.
 
     SECTION 5.09. Japan.  The provisions of  this Agreement do  not in any  way
apply  to or  restrict the  development, marketing,  selling or  distribution by
either Party (or their respective Affiliates) of any product in Japan.
 
                                   ARTICLE VI
                              RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
     SECTION 6.01. Development. The Parties agree (in respect of Ranitidine  OTC
and  Ranitidine OTC  Products, subject  to and as  set forth  in the Development
Agreement) that:
 
                                       17
 
<PAGE>
          (a) development costs  in the  United States  shall be  funded as  set
     forth in the Partnership Agreement;
 
          (b)  subject  to  clause  (a)  above,  the  relevant  JV  Entity shall
     reimburse the Parties' and their Affiliates Fully Allocated Costs  incurred
     after  the  date  of  this  Agreement  in  respect  of  the  development of
     Ranitidine Products and the  development of OTC  Switch Products which  the
     Parties  have determined to develop in  connection with the business of any
     JV Entity;
 
          (c) all development  work in  respect of Ranitidine  Products and  OTC
     Switch  Products which the Parties have determined to develop in connection
     with the  business of  any JV  Entity  shall, following  the grant  of  NDA
     Approval,  in the case of the United States, or Regulatory Approval, in the
     case of  any Non-U.S.  Country, in  respect thereof,  be conducted  by  W-L
     CPR&D,  and W-L CPR&D shall  be reimbursed by the  relevant JV Entities its
     Fully Allocated Costs incurred in such development; and
 
          (d) amounts charged to any JV Entity in respect of the development  of
     JV  Products shall be  charged to the  relevant JV Entity  pursuant to this
     Section 6.01 taking  into account any  special credits or  any special  tax
     benefits  in excess of a deduction for 100% of the expenditure to which the
     Party making such charge  is entitled (other than  by flow-through of  such
     credit  or tax  benefit to  such Party  as a  partner or  owner of  such JV
     Entity) by virtue of the nature of the expenditure.
 
     SECTION 6.02. Ranitidine OTC; Ownership of NDA; Milestone Payments. Subject
to and as set forth in the Ranitidine Rights Agreement, the Parties agree that:
 
          (a) no NDA in respect of Ranitidine  OTC shall be submitted by any  of
     the  Parties or  any of  their Affiliates or  by any  JV Entity  to the FDA
     without the prior approval of the Governing Board of the U.S. Partnership;
 
          (b) at  the  Closing  of  this  Agreement  W-L  shall  acquire  a  50%
     beneficial  interest  in  the Ranitidine  Rights  owned by  Glaxo  Inc., in
     consideration of which W-L  shall pay to  Glaxo Inc. upon  each of (i)  the
     first  submission of  an NDA  in respect  of Ranitidine  OTC to  the FDA in
     accordance with Section 6.02(a) and (ii) NDA Approval thereof, a  milestone
     payment in each case in the amount of $2.666 million; and
 
          (c)  following the  acquisition referred to  in clause  (b) above, W-L
     shall contribute  its  interests  in  the Ranitidine  Rights  to  the  U.S.
     Partnership  and Glaxo Inc.  shall transfer its  interest in the Ranitidine
     Rights to  Glaxo OTC,  which shall  contribute such  interest to  the  U.S.
     Partnership.
 
     SECTION  6.03. Services To  Be Provided by  W-L to the  U.S. Partnership in
Respect of Ranitidine  OTC Products.  Subject to  and as  set forth  in the  W-L
Services  Agreement  the  Parties  agree that  in  respect  of  the development,
marketing, selling and distribution  by the U.S.  Partnership of Ranitidine  OTC
Products,  W-L shall provide the U.S. Partnership with the services set forth on
Schedule 6.03(a)  in  consideration  for  the  Fully  Allocated  Costs  of  such
services,  other than the services marked with an asterisk on such Schedule, and
an additional  fee  to be  calculated  as set  forth  on Schedule  6.03(b)  (the
aggregate  of  such  Fully  Allocated  Costs  and  such  fee  being  called  the
'Management Fee'); provided, however, that in respect of the provision by W-L to
the U.S.  Partnership  of the  services  referenced on  Schedule  6.03(a)  under
'General Administration' and 'Corporate Allocations' prior to the Launch Date of
a  Ranitidine OTC Product in the United States, W-L shall only be reimbursed its
Fully  Allocated  Costs  to  the  extent  such  costs  are  direct  and  readily
identifiable.
 
     SECTION  6.04. Other Services  To Be Provided  by W-L. With  respect to the
development, marketing, selling and distribution  by the U.S. Partnership of  JV
Products   (other  than  Ranitidine  OTC  Products)  and  with  respect  to  the
development, marketing,  selling  and distribution  of  all JV  Products  by  JV
Entities  (other than the U.S. Partnership), the Parties shall negotiate in good
faith the services to be provided by W-L to the U.S. Partnership or the relevant
JV Entity and any costs to be reimbursed, and fees to be paid, to W-L in respect
thereof. The Parties agree that such  services and related costs and fees  shall
be  broadly similar to the  services provided by W-L,  and the related costs and
fees receivable by W-L, pursuant to the W-L Services Agreement, subject to  such
changes as W-L and Glaxo agree are appropriate to reflect the cost to W-L of the
services to be provided by it and local market conditions.
 
                                       18
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 6.05. Supply. (a) In order to protect their respective interests in
the License Agreements and to assure the uniform quality of Ranitidine Products,
the  Parties  agree  that, except  in  the  circumstances set  forth  in Section
6.05(b), all Ranitidine required for  the manufacture of Ranitidine Products  to
be  marketed,  sold or  distributed by  any  JV Entity  in accordance  with this
Agreement and  the  Operative  Documents  shall be  supplied  by  Glaxo  or  its
Affiliates  to the relevant JV  Entity or JV Entities at  prices to be agreed by
the Parties and, in consideration thereof, Glaxo or its Affiliates shall pay  to
such  JV  Entity  or  JV  Entities  or  to  W-L  or  its  Affiliates  such fees,
commissions, allowances or similar payments as the Parties shall determine.  All
other  compounds and/or related finished products  to be supplied by the Parties
or any of their Affiliates required for the manufacture of JV Products shall  be
supplied to the relevant JV Entity on terms to be negotiated.
 
     (b)  It shall be  a term of  all License Agreements  relating to Ranitidine
that, in the event  that Glaxo or  its Affiliates fail  to supply Ranitidine  in
accordance with Section 6.05(a) or the relevant Supply Agreement for a period of
three  months,  and for  so  long as  such failure  by  Glaxo or  its Affiliates
continues unbroken (except for periods of  four weeks or less), the relevant  JV
Entity   or  Entities  shall  be  entitled  to  conduct  bulk  manufacturing  of
Ranitidine.
 
     SECTION 6.06. Manufacture of JV  Products. Secondary manufacture from  base
compounds  (including tableting,  labeling and packaging)  of JV  Products to be
marketed, sold or distributed by a JV Entity shall take place at such sites  and
facilities  (including, without limitation,  facilities of the  Parties or their
Affiliates) as the Governing Board of the relevant JV Entity may determine.
 
     SECTION 6.07. Financial Information; Audit.  In respect of any matters  for
which the Parties, or their Affiliates, shall, under the terms of this Agreement
or  any of the other Operative Documents, be entitled to any payment from any JV
Entity ('Relevant  Matters'),  (i)  the  Parties shall  and  shall  cause  their
Affiliates  and the JV Entities to maintain  such books, accounts and records as
may be necessary to determine rights to such payment, (ii) the JV Entities shall
give the other Party, its Affiliates, any  relevant JV Entity and each of  their
respective  independent  accountants,  and  the  Parties  and  their  respective
Affiliates shall  give  the independent  accountants  of the  other  Party,  its
respective  Affiliates  and any  relevant JV  Entity, reasonable  access thereto
(after written notice not in any event  to be less than five Business Days,  and
in  the case  of independent accountants,  after execution  of a confidentiality
agreement  between  the  Party  permitting  such  access  and  such  independent
accountants)  during normal business  hours and allow such  Person to audit such
books, accounts and records as the same  relate to the Relevant Matters, at  the
sole  expense of the Party,  Affiliate or JV Entity  requesting such audit. Each
Party shall and shall cause its Affiliates and any relevant JV Entity to provide
information on  a  timely basis  as  required by  each  JV Entity  to  meet  the
requirements of Section 4.03(d).
 
     SECTION  6.08.  U.S.  Export  Controls/International  Boycott.  The Parties
understand that the products to be sold by a JV Entity may be subject to  export
controls  to permit  resales and/or  transfers to  other countries  and parties,
including authorizations required  from the appropriate  U.S. government  agency
under  the laws and regulations of the United  States. No JV Entity is, or shall
be, authorized to  act in  violation of Part  769 of  the Export  Administration
Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and/or agree to engage in boycott
participation  as defined in  Section 999 of  the U.S. Internal  Revenue Code of
1986, as amended.  Each of  the Parties  and their  appropriate Affiliates  will
assist  the  JV Entity,  as  requested and  where  practicable, in  seeking U.S.
government authorizations  for  transactions  subject  to  U.S.  export  control
regulations.
 
     SECTION  6.09. Technology. Neither Party nor  any of their Affiliates shall
be obligated to make available to any JV Entity any technology, data, patents or
other intellectual property rights owned by the relevant Party or its Affiliates
in connection with, and  for the purposes  of, the business  of the relevant  JV
Entity  unless satisfactory terms therefor have been agreed between the relevant
Party or Affiliate and the relevant JV Entity.
 
                                  ARTICLE VII
                            FURTHER COVENANTS OF W-L
 
     SECTION 7.01. (a) Allocation of Resources. W-L agrees that, notwithstanding
any other  commitments it  may  have under  additional  joint venture  or  other
arrangements relating to consumer
 
                                       19
 
<PAGE>
health products, it will, in accordance with sound commercial principles, devote
sufficient resources to each JV Entity to maximize each JV Entity's potential in
accordance  with its obligations hereunder and under the Operative Documents and
in accordance  with its  Annual Operating  Plan and  the determinations  of  the
relevant Governing Board.
 
     (b)  W-L shall use all reasonable  efforts consistent with sound commercial
principles to  assist the  JV  Entities in  obtaining all  Regulatory  Approvals
required  to market and sell Ranitidine OTC in the United States at the earliest
possible time.
 
     SECTION 7.02. W-L Affiliates. Subject to Article XII, W-L shall, during the
term of this  Agreement and  for so  long as any  Affiliate of  W-L (other  than
W-WCHP)  shall own equity in any JV Entity, own and continue to own, legally and
beneficially, directly or indirectly, a  majority of the issued and  outstanding
share  capital or other equity interest of  such Affiliate, and shall not permit
any Lien, other  than Permitted Liens,  to be  created, granted or  to arise  in
respect of such share capital or equity interest and shall otherwise continue to
be  able  to exercise  the  direction of  the  management and  policies  of such
Affiliate.
 
     SECTION 7.03.  Safety  Information. W-L  shall  cause the  JV  Entities  to
promptly  disclose in writing to Glaxo  any information which they acquire which
relates to the safety of any JV Product or any constituent compounds  including,
inter  alia,  all  side  effects,  injury,  toxicity  or  sensitivity  reactions
including unexpected or increased incidence and severity thereof associated with
commercial or clinical uses, studies, investigations  or tests with any such  JV
Product  or any such constituent compound. The Parties shall agree upon standard
operating procedures  for  reporting such  information  to each  other  and  the
Development Committee of the relevant JV Entity.
 
     SECTION  7.04. Approvals and Consents. W-L shall use its reasonable efforts
to (i) obtain all governmental approvals and consents (including all  Regulatory
Approvals),  if  any,  necessary  or  desirable  for  the  consummation  of  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement,  the Partnership Agreement and  the
other  Operative  Documents, and  (ii)  make or  cause to  be  made any  and all
declarations, filings  and registrations  with governmental  authorities,  which
approvals,  consents, declarations,  filings and registrations  are necessary or
desirable for  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  or
thereby.
 
     SECTION 7.05. Use of JV Regulatory Documentation. W-L hereby agrees that it
and  its Affiliates  shall not be  entitled to  use for themselves  or any Third
Party, for any purpose, any JV Regulatory Documentation unless and to the extent
Glaxo shall have agreed to allow the use of such JV Regulatory Documentation; it
being anticipated that the appropriate JV Entity shall be reasonably compensated
for any such use upon terms to be negotiated between Glaxo and W-L.
 
     SECTION 7.06. Tax Matters. W-L will, and will cause each of its  Affiliates
to, cooperate fully with and assist Glaxo, its Affiliates and each JV Entity (a)
in  obtaining all desirable rulings or  consents of the relevant and appropriate
tax authorities in order to obtain  all appropriate tax benefits, exemptions  or
exclusions for the Parties and the respective JV Entities as contemplated herein
and  in the other Operative Documents; and  (b) by doing all things necessary to
make all tax elections which would be beneficial to the respective JV  Entities;
provided, however, that such actions described in (a) or (b) above do not in the
reasonable  judgment  of  W-L  have  adverse tax  consequences  for  W-L  or its
Affiliates.
 
     SECTION 7.07. Further Assurances. W-L  shall use all reasonable efforts  to
take  or cause to be taken any appropriate action  and to do or cause to be done
all things necessary, proper and advisable to consummate and make effective  the
transactions  contemplated hereby and  by the Operative  Documents and shall, in
particular, cause  its  Affiliates  and  the Persons  designated  by  it  to  be
Representatives   or  Alternate  Representatives  on  each  Governing  Board  or
representatives on any subcommittee thereof  or on any Development Committee  to
take all such actions and to do all such things.
 
                                       20
 
<PAGE>
                                  ARTICLE VIII
                           FURTHER COVENANTS OF GLAXO
 
     SECTION  8.01. Information Relating to Potential JV Products. In connection
with  any  Ranitidine  Product  or  OTC  Switch  Product  being  considered  for
development,  marketing, sale or distribution by any JV Entity, or in respect of
which a  Glaxo  Offer  or Glaxo  Notice  is  served pursuant  to  Article  V  (a
'Potential  JV Product') Glaxo  shall promptly on request  provide W-L with such
information as  W-L  may reasonably  request  in  respect of  the  Potential  JV
Product,   including  (without  limitation)  copies   of  all  Glaxo  Regulatory
Documentation relating thereto.
 
     SECTION 8.02.  Regulatory.  (a)  Glaxo shall  use  all  reasonable  efforts
consistent  with  sound  commercial  principles to  assist  the  JV  Entities in
obtaining all Regulatory Approvals required to market and sell Ranitidine OTC in
the United States at the earliest possible time.
 
     (b) Glaxo shall give  the relevant JV  Entity access to,  and the right  to
reference,  all  of the  Glaxo  Regulatory Documentation  in  respect of  the JV
Products.
 
     SECTION 8.03. Glaxo Affiliates. Subject to Article XII Glaxo shall,  during
the  term of this Agreement, and for so long as any Affiliate of Glaxo shall own
equity in any  JV Entity,  own and continue  to own,  legally and  beneficially,
directly  or indirectly, a majority of  the issued and outstanding share capital
or other equity interest of such Affiliate and shall not permit any Lien,  other
than  a Permitted Lien,  to be created, granted  or to arise  in respect of such
share capital or  equity interest  and shall otherwise  continue to  be able  to
exercise the direction of the management and policies of such Affiliate.
 
     SECTION  8.04. Safety Information. Glaxo shall promptly disclose in writing
to W-L any  information it,  or its Affiliates,  acquires which  relates to  the
safety  of  any prescription  product  sold by  Glaxo  and/or its  Affiliates, a
version of which is a JV Product or is being developed by any JV Entity, or  any
constituent  compound including, inter alia,  all side effects, injury, toxicity
or  sensitivity  reactions  including  unexpected  or  increased  incidence  and
severity   thereof  associated  with  commercial   or  clinical  uses,  studies,
investigations or tests with any such product or any constituent compounds.  The
Parties  shall  agree  upon  standard operating  procedures  for  reporting such
information to  each other  and the  Development Committee  of the  relevant  JV
Entity.
 
     SECTION  8.05.  Approvals  and  Consents. Glaxo  shall  use  its reasonable
efforts to  (i) obtain  all governmental  approvals and  consents including  all
Regulatory Approvals, if any, necessary or desirable for the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement,  the Partnership Agreement and the
other Operative  Documents, and  (ii)  make or  cause to  be  made any  and  all
declarations,  filings  and registrations  with governmental  authorities, which
approvals, consents, declarations,  filings and registrations  are necessary  or
desirable  for  the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby or
thereby.
 
     SECTION 8.06. Use of JV Regulatory Documentation. Glaxo and its  Affiliates
shall  be  entitled to  use  JV Regulatory  Documentation  for support  of their
Prescription Products without compensation to the relevant JV Entity. Glaxo  and
its  Affiliates shall also be  entitled to use for  themselves any JV Regulatory
Documentation  for  the  purpose  of   developing  any  product  other  than   a
Prescription  Product provided, however  that, prior to the  Launch Date of such
product, the appropriate JV Entity shall  be reasonably compensated by Glaxo  or
its  Affiliates for any such  use upon terms to  be negotiated between Glaxo and
W-L; and provided, further, that this Section 8.06 shall not restrict the use by
Glaxo and its Affiliates  of any Glaxo Regulatory  Documentation other than  any
such documentation which has been purchased by W-L or any JV Entity or which has
been contributed to any JV Entity pursuant to the Ranitidine Rights Agreement or
otherwise.
 
     SECTION  8.07.  Tax  Matters.  Glaxo  will,  and  will  cause  each  of its
Affiliates to, cooperate fully with and  assist W-L, its Affiliates and each  JV
Entity  (a) in obtaining all  desirable rulings or consents  of the relevant and
appropriate tax authorities  in order  to obtain all  appropriate tax  benefits,
exemptions  or  exclusions for  the Parties  and the  respective JV  Entities as
contemplated herein and in the other  Operative Documents; and (b) by doing  all
things  necessary to  make all  tax elections which  would be  beneficial to the
respective JV Entities; provided, however that such actions described in (a)  or
(b)
 
                                       21
 
<PAGE>
above  do not in the reasonable judgment  of Glaxo have adverse tax consequences
for Glaxo or its Affiliates.
 
     SECTION 8.08. Further Assurances. Glaxo shall use all reasonable efforts to
take or cause to be taken any appropriate  action and to do or cause to be  done
all  things necessary, proper and advisable to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated hereby and  by the Operative  Documents and shall,  in
particular,  cause  its  Affiliates  and  the Persons  designated  by  it  to be
Representatives  or  Alternate  Representatives  on  each  Governing  Board   or
representatives  on any subcommittee thereof or  on any Development Committee to
take all such actions and to do all such things.
 
                                   ARTICLE IX
                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF W-L
 
     W-L hereby represents and warrants to Glaxo as follows:
 
          SECTION 9.01. Organization; Good Standing.  W-L is a corporation  duly
     organized,  validly existing  and in  good standing  under the  laws of the
     State of  Delaware.  No  order  has been  made  or  petition  presented  or
     resolution  passed for the winding up of  W-L and no distress, execution or
     other process has been levied on any of its assets.
 
          SECTION 9.02.  Authority;  No  Violation.  (a) Each  of  W-L  and  its
     Affiliates  has full corporate power and  authority to execute, deliver and
     perform its  obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  each  of  the  other
     Operative  Documents  to which  it is  party (this  Agreement and  all such
     Operative Documents being the 'W-L Relevant Agreements') and the  execution
     and delivery of each of the W-L Relevant Agreements and the consummation of
     the  transactions contemplated thereby have  been duly and validly approved
     by the Board of Directors of W-L or such of its Affiliates which is a party
     thereto, as the case may be, and no other corporate proceedings on the part
     of W-L,  or  any such  Affiliate,  are  necessary in  connection  with  the
     consummation  of the transactions contemplated  hereby and thereby. Each of
     the W-L  Relevant  Agreements  has  been  duly  and  validly  executed  and
     delivered by W-L or such of its Affiliates which is a party thereto, as the
     case  may be,  and, assuming due  authorization, execution  and delivery by
     each of  the  other  parties  thereto,  constitutes  a  valid  and  binding
     obligation  of  W-L or  such  Affiliate, as  the  case may  be, enforceable
     against W-L or such Affiliate, as the  case may be, in accordance with  its
     terms.
 
          (b)  Neither the execution and delivery of the W-L Relevant Agreements
     by W-L,  or such  of  its Affiliates  which is  a  party thereto,  nor  the
     consummation  by W-L, or  such Affiliate, of  the transactions contemplated
     thereby, nor compliance by W-L, or such Affiliate, with any of the terms or
     provisions thereof, will (i)  violate any provision  of its certificate  of
     incorporation  or  by-laws  or  (ii) violate  any  material  statute, code,
     ordinance, rule, regulation,  judgment, order, writ,  decree or  injunction
     applicable to W-L or such Affiliate.
 
          SECTION 9.03. Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws. A complete and
     correct copy of W-L's certificate of incorporation and by-laws in effect as
     of the date of this Agreement are attached hereto as Schedule 9.03.
 
          SECTION 9.04. Certain Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 9.04
     there  is no  claim, action, suit,  proceeding, arbitration, investigation,
     inquiry, or hearing or notice of hearing (collectively, the  'Proceedings')
     which  is existing, pending  or, to the best  knowledge of W-L, threatened,
     before  any  court,  arbitrator,  panel,  agency  or  other   governmental,
     administrative  or  judicial  authority  or  private  arbitration  tribunal
     against or relating to  the transactions contemplated  by the W-L  Relevant
     Agreements   which  could  materially  adversely  affect  the  transactions
     contemplated thereby.
 
          SECTION 9.05. Compliance. Except  as set forth  in Schedule 9.05,  W-L
     and  its  Affiliates possess  all  franchises, licenses,  permits, waivers,
     registrations,  certificates,   consents,   approvals   or   authorizations
     (collectively,  'Permits')  required  by any  applicable  laws, ordinances,
     codes,  rules,  statutes,   policy,  guidelines,  regulations,   standards,
     judgments,  decrees,  writs,  rulings,  injunctions,  orders  or  any other
     requirements of  any  governmental,  administrative  or  judicial  entities
     ('Legal  Requirements') relating in any way  or applicable in any manner to
     the execution and delivery of
 
                                       22
 
<PAGE>
     the W-L Relevant Agreements or the performance by W-L and its Affiliates of
     their obligations thereunder, and W-L has  no reason to believe that it  or
     its  Affiliates will be unable to obtain any Permits which are required for
     the performance  of their  future obligations  thereunder except,  in  each
     case, where the failure to do so would not have a materially adverse effect
     on the transactions contemplated by the W-L Relevant Agreements.
 
          SECTION  9.06. Finder.  Except for Bear  Stearns &  Co., Inc., neither
     W-L, its Affiliates nor any of  their respective officers or directors  has
     employed  any broker or finder or  other firm, corporation, agency or other
     Person that  is  entitled  to a  finder's  fee  or any  type  of  brokerage
     commission  or fee  in relation to  or in connection  with the transactions
     contemplated by the W-L Relevant Agreements.
 
          SECTION 9.07. Transactions Contemplated by W-L Relevant Agreements. In
     connection with  the Closing  of this  Agreement only,  references in  this
     Article   IX  to  transactions  contemplated  by,  or  the  performance  of
     obligations under,  the  W-L  Relevant Agreements  or  this  Agreement,  or
     similar  references,  shall  be  construed  to  mean  all  transactions  or
     obligations contemplated  by this  Agreement  (other than  transactions  or
     obligations contemplated by this Agreement which will arise under Operative
     Documents  other than  the Closing  Documents), each  of the  other Closing
     Documents, and the Ranitidine Supply Agreement.
 
                                   ARTICLE X
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF GLAXO
 
     Glaxo hereby represents and warrants to W-L as follows:
 
          SECTION 10.01.  Organization; Good  Standing. Glaxo  is a  corporation
     duly organized and validly existing under the laws of England and Wales and
     has  complied, in all material respects,  with the provisions of the United
     Kingdom's Companies  Acts  1985  and 1989  and  all  returns,  particulars,
     resolutions  and other documents required to  be filed with or delivered to
     the registrar of companies  or to any other  authority whatsoever by  Glaxo
     have  been correctly  and properly prepared  and so filed  or delivered. No
     order has been  made or  petition presented  or resolution  passed for  the
     winding  up of Glaxo and  no distress, execution or  other process has been
     levied on any of its assets.
 
          SECTION 10.02.  Authority; No  Violation. (a)  Each of  Glaxo and  its
     Affiliates  has full corporate power and  authority to execute, deliver and
     perform its  obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  each  of  the  other
     Operative  Documents  to which  it is  party (this  Agreement and  all such
     Operative Documents being together the 'Glaxo Relevant Agreements') and the
     execution and delivery  of each of  the Glaxo Relevant  Agreements and  the
     consummation  of the transactions  contemplated thereby have  been duly and
     validly approved  by  the  Board of  Directors  of  Glaxo or  such  of  its
     Affiliates  which is  a party  thereto, as  the case  may be,  and no other
     corporate proceedings on  the part  of Glaxo,  or any  such Affiliate,  are
     necessary   in  connection  with  the   consummation  of  the  transactions
     contemplated thereby. Each of the  Glaxo Relevant Agreements has been  duly
     and validly executed and delivered by Glaxo or such of its Affiliates which
     is  a party thereto, as  the case may be,  and, assuming due authorization,
     execution and delivery by each of the other parties thereto, constitutes  a
     valid  and binding obligation of  Glaxo or such Affiliate,  as the case may
     be, enforceable against  Glaxo or such  Affiliate, as the  case may be,  in
     accordance with its terms.
 
          (b)   Neither  the  execution  and  delivery  of  the  Glaxo  Relevant
     Agreements by Glaxo, or  such of its Affiliates  which is a party  thereto,
     nor  the  consummation by  Glaxo, or  such  Affiliate, of  the transactions
     contemplated thereby, nor compliance by Glaxo, or such Affiliate, with  any
     of  the terms or provisions thereof, will  (i) violate any provision of its
     memorandum of association, articles of association or other  organizational
     documents;  (ii)  violate  any  material  statute,  code,  ordinance, rule,
     regulation, judgment,  order,  writ,  decree or  injunction  applicable  to
     Glaxo, or such Affiliate, any of the Glaxo Products or the Glaxo Rights; or
     (iii)  violate,  conflict with,  result in  a breach  of any  provision of,
     constitute a default (or an event which,  with notice or lapse of time,  or
     both,  would constitute  a default)  under, result  in the  termination of,
     accelerate the performance required
 
                                       23
 
<PAGE>
     by, or result in the  creation of any Lien upon  the Glaxo Products or  the
     Glaxo  Rights  or  any of  them  under,  any of  the  terms,  conditions or
     provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust,  license,
     lease,  collective bargaining  agreement, agreement or  other instrument or
     obligation or by which  the Glaxo Products  or the Glaxo  Rights or any  of
     them may be bound or affected.
 
          SECTION   10.03.  Certificate  of  Incorporation  and  Memorandum  and
     Articles of Association. A complete and correct copy of Glaxo's certificate
     of incorporation, memorandum of association and articles of association  in
     effect  as of  the date  of this Agreement  is attached  hereto as Schedule
     10.03.
 
          SECTION  10.04.  Intellectual  Property  Rights.  (a)  Schedule  10.04
     contains  a complete and correct list  of all patents, patent applications,
     licenses, trademarks, trade names, and similar rights currently owned, used
     or proposed to be used in connection with the Glaxo Products (collectively,
     'Glaxo  Rights')  indicating  the  registered  and  beneficial  owner,  the
     registration number and the expiration date thereof. Except as set forth in
     Schedule  10.04,  Glaxo  or  its  Affiliates  owns  or  possesses exclusive
     licenses and  all other  valid rights  to use  (without the  making of  any
     payment  to any Person or the obligation to grant rights to any Person) all
     Glaxo Rights and  the Glaxo  Rights constitute  all such  rights which  are
     presently  used  in,  or  necessary  to  the  conduct  of  Glaxo's  or  its
     Affiliates' business relating to the  Glaxo Products; neither the  validity
     of such items nor the use thereof by Glaxo or its Affiliates is the subject
     of  any litigation to which  Glaxo or an Affiliate is  a party; nor, to the
     best knowledge of Glaxo, is any such litigation threatened nor do any facts
     exist which may  have any material  adverse effect  on the use  of, or  the
     validity  of, the Glaxo Rights;  the use by Glaxo  or its Affiliates of the
     Glaxo Rights does not conflict with valid rights of others in any way which
     materially adversely effects or could materially adversely effect the Glaxo
     Products or  any of  them or  the transactions  contemplated by  the  Glaxo
     Relevant Agreements.
 
          (b)  Except as set forth on Schedule 10.04, Glaxo does not know of any
     use that has been or is now being made of any Glaxo Rights, except by Glaxo
     and by its Affiliates.
 
          (c) Except as set  forth on Schedule 10.04,  none of the Glaxo  Rights
     are subject to any Liens.
 
          (d)  Except as set forth  on Schedule 10.04, to  the best knowledge of
     Glaxo, none  of  the Glaxo  Rights  are  under threat  of  cancellation  or
     suspension  for  any reason  nor  is there  any  basis for  cancellation or
     suspension. The  Glaxo  Rights and  the  consummation of  the  transactions
     contemplated   by  the  Glaxo  Relevant  Agreements  do  not  infringe  any
     trademark, patent, trade name, copyright or other right of any Third Party.
     There are  no  unexpired patents  owned  by  a Third  Party  having  claims
     covering  any Glaxo  Products or covering  any method employed  by Glaxo in
     developing or manufacturing  the Glaxo Products  or which could  materially
     adversely effect the Glaxo Products or the transactions contemplated by the
     Glaxo Relevant Agreements.
 
          SECTION  10.05. Certain  Litigation. Except  as set  forth on Schedule
     10.05, are  no Proceedings  which are  existing, pending  or, to  the  best
     knowledge of Glaxo, threatened, before any court, arbitrator, panel, agency
     or  other  governmental, administrative  or  judicial authority  or private
     arbitration tribunal against  or relating  to the Glaxo  Rights, the  Glaxo
     Products  or the transactions contemplated by the Glaxo Relevant Agreements
     which  could  materially  adversely  affect  the  Glaxo  Products  or   the
     transactions contemplated by the Glaxo Relevant Agreements.
 
          SECTION  10.06. Product Liability. (a) Except as set forth on Schedule
     10.06, (i)  there  is no  notice,  demand, claim,  action,  suit,  inquiry,
     hearing,  proceeding,  notice of  violation  or investigation  of  a civil,
     criminal or administrative nature by or before any court or governmental or
     other regulatory or administrative agency, commission or authority  against
     or  involving Glaxo or  any of its Affiliates  (past or present) concerning
     any Glaxo Product  which is  pending or, to  the best  knowledge of  Glaxo,
     threatened,  relating to  or resulting  from an  alleged defect  in design,
     manufacture, materials, or workmanship of any Glaxo Product, or any alleged
     failure to warn, or from an alleged breach of express or implied warranties
     or representations; (ii) there has not been any Occurrence (as  hereinafter
     defined),  which could materially adversely  affect the Glaxo Products; and
     (iii) there has  not been  any Glaxo  Product recall,  rework, retrofit  or
     post-sale
 
                                       24
 
<PAGE>
     warning  by Glaxo or  any of its  Affiliates (past or  present), or, to the
     best of  Glaxo's knowledge,  any  investigation or  consideration  relating
     thereto.
 
          (b)  For purposes  of this Section  10.06 the  term 'Occurrence' shall
     mean any accident, happening or event  which is caused or allegedly  caused
     by  any alleged hazard or alleged  defect in manufacture, design, materials
     or workmanship including, without limitation,  any alleged failure to  warn
     or  any breach  of express  or implied  warranties or  representations with
     respect to, or any such accident, happening or event otherwise involving, a
     Glaxo Product which  results or is  alleged to have  resulted in injury  or
     death  to any  person or  damage to  or destruction  of property,  or other
     consequential damages, at any time.
 
          SECTION 10.07. Compliance. (a) Except as set forth on Schedule  10.07,
     Glaxo  and  its  Affiliates  possess  all  Permits  required  by  any Legal
     Requirements relating  in  any way  or  applicable  in any  manner  to  the
     execution  and delivery of the Glaxo Relevant Agreements or the performance
     by Glaxo and its Affiliates of their obligations thereunder contemplated to
     be performed at the  date these representations  and warranties are  given,
     and Glaxo has no reason to believe that it or its Affiliates will be unable
     to  obtain  any Permits  which are  required for  the performance  of their
     future obligations thereunder except, in each case, where the failure to do
     so  would  not  have  a  materially  adverse  effect  on  the  transactions
     contemplated by the Glaxo Relevant Agreements.
 
          (b)  Except as set forth on Schedule 10.07, all of the Glaxo Products,
     all of  the  formulae  and  ingredients processes,  and  know-how  used  in
     connection  with the manufacture by Glaxo and  its Affiliates of any of the
     Glaxo Products conform in all material respects to all Legal Requirements.
 
          SECTION 10.08. Finder. Neither Glaxo, its Affiliates nor any of  their
     respective officers or directors has employed any broker or finder or other
     firm,  corporation, agency or  other Person that is  entitled to a finder's
     fee or  any type  of  brokerage commission  or fee  in  relation to  or  in
     connection  with  the  transactions  contemplated  by  the  Glaxo  Relevant
     Agreements.
 
          SECTION 10.09. Glaxo Regulatory Documentation. Glaxo has afforded  W-L
     full  access to  all Glaxo Regulatory  Documentation relating  to the Glaxo
     Products.
 
          SECTION 10.10. Transactions Contemplated by Glaxo Relevant Agreements.
     In connection with the Closing of  this Agreement only, references in  this
     Article   X  to  transactions  contemplated   by,  or  the  performance  of
     obligations under,  the Glaxo  Relevant Agreements  or this  Agreement,  or
     similar  references,  shall  be  construed  to  mean  all  transactions  or
     obligations contemplated  by this  Agreement  (other than  transactions  or
     obligations contemplated by this Agreement which will arise under Operative
     Documents  other than  the Closing  Documents), each  of the  other Closing
     Documents and the Ranitidine Supply Agreement.
 
                                   ARTICLE XI
                             CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
 
     Closing of the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement and by each  JV
Implementation  Agreement or  other Operative Document  shall be  subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to such Closing of the following conditions:
 
          SECTION 11.01. Certain Action. At  the Closing Date, no suit,  action,
     investigation  or  other  proceeding  will  have  been  instituted  by  any
     governmental agency of any country or any  Person in which it is sought  to
     restrain, prohibit, invalidate or set aside the transaction contemplated by
     the relevant JV Implementation Agreement and/or other Operative Documents.
 
          SECTION  11.02. Governmental  Approvals and  Consents. At  the Closing
     Date, all necessary notifications and filings, if any, required to be  made
     in  or with  respect to any  relevant country  will have been  made and all
     necessary governmental approvals, if any, shall have been received and  the
     prescribed  waiting  periods  will  have  expired  or  been  terminated. No
     government entity shall have indicated its  objection to, or its intent  to
     challenge  as violative of any  federal, state or foreign  laws, any of the
     transactions contemplated  by  the  relevant  JV  Implementation  Agreement
     and/or other Operative Documents. In the event a government entity places a
     condition on its approval of the
 
                                       25
 
<PAGE>
     transactions  as contemplated by any of the Operative Documents which has a
     material effect on the proposed business  of the relevant JV Entity or  the
     transactions  contemplated by  the Operative  Documents, the  Parties shall
     attempt to negotiate a mutually  agreeable modification to the  appropriate
     Operative Documents.
 
          SECTION  11.03.  Representations and  Warranties.  As of  the relevant
     Closing Date, the representations and  warranties of the Parties  contained
     in  this Agreement shall (subject to  the schedules referred to in Articles
     IX and X as the relevant Party may deliver to the other Party prior to such
     Closing under cover of a notice specifying that such delivery is made  with
     reference  to such Closing and pursuant to  this Section 11.03) be true and
     correct in all  material respects  and the  W-L Participant  and the  Glaxo
     Participant  shall represent  and warrant  in writing  to the  other to the
     effect set forth in Articles IX and X; provided, however, that:
 
             (a) references to 'Glaxo Products' as used in Article X shall  mean
        the  relevant Ranitidine Product or OTC  Switch Product to be developed,
        manufactured, marketed, sold or distributed by the relevant JV Entity in
        the relevant country;
 
             (b) where the participant in the relevant JV Entity is not a  Party
        but  is an  Affiliate of  a Party,  such representations  and warranties
        shall, for  the purposes  of  this Section  11.03,  be construed  as  if
        references  therein to such Party were references to both that Party and
        the Affiliate of such Party which is the participant in the relevant  JV
        Entity; and
 
             (c) references in Articles IX and X to 'W-L Relevant Agreements' or
        'Glaxo  Relevant Agreements' shall mean the Operative Documents to which
        W-L or Glaxo, as the case may be, or its Affiliates is a party which are
        being entered into in connection with the relevant Closing.
 
          SECTION 11.04. Performance of Covenants. Each Party, and each of their
     respective Affiliates, shall  have performed and  complied in all  material
     respects with each and every covenant, agreement and condition contemplated
     by   the  relevant  JV  Implementation  Agreement  and/or  other  Operative
     Documents to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing
     Date.
 
          SECTION 11.05. Authorization of Agreements. All action on the part  of
     each  Party  and their  respective  Affiliates necessary  to  authorize the
     execution, delivery  and  performance  of the  relevant  JV  Implementation
     Agreement  and/or other  Operative Documents,  and the  consummation of the
     transactions contemplated therein, shall have  been duly and validly  taken
     by  each of W-L  and Glaxo and  their respective Affiliates  and each Party
     shall have  been  furnished with  a  certificate  of the  Secretary  or  an
     Assistant  Secretary  of  the  other Party,  setting  forth  copies  of the
     resolutions or other instruments authorizing the relevant JV Implementation
     Agreements and the  Operative Documents and  the transactions  contemplated
     therein.
 
          SECTION  11.06. Operative Documents.  All Operative Documents required
     in order to permit the appropriate JV Entity to conduct JV Business in  the
     relevant  country shall have been executed and delivered and shall be fully
     effective in all respects.
 
          SECTION 11.07. Certificate  of Compliance. Each  of the Parties  shall
     have  delivered to  the other Party  a certificate signed  by an authorized
     officer of such Party,  representing, warranting and certifying  compliance
     with the conditions set forth in Sections 11.03, 11.04 and 11.05.
 
                                  ARTICLE XII
                            TRANSFER OF JV INTEREST;
                              PERMITTED TRANSFERS
 
     SECTION 12.01. Limitation on Right To Transfer Parties' Interests. No Party
or  any Affiliate may sell, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer in
any manner, all or any part of its individual interest in this Agreement, any of
the Operative Documents,  any JV Business,  or any  JV Entity or  in any  entity
which  holds an  interest therein  unless such transfer  (i) is  consented to in
writing by each of the other  Parties (in their sole discretion), with  specific
reference to this Section 12.01 or (ii) is
 
                                       26
 
<PAGE>
otherwise permitted under this Article XII or Article XIV of this Agreement. For
the  avoidance of doubt, in this Article XII, references to 'transfer' shall not
include the appointment of any distributor.
 
     SECTION 12.02. Permitted Transfers. (a)  Nothing in this Article XII  shall
prevent the transfer:
 
          (i)  by any Party of all of its individual interest in this Agreement,
     any of the Operative Documents,  any JV Business or  any JV Entity if  such
     individual  interest is transferred to, and  for so long as such transferee
     is, a direct or  indirect wholly owned  Affiliate of W-L  or Glaxo, as  the
     case  may be, (or, in the case of W-L, if such transferee is W-WCHP and the
     requirements set forth in clause (b) below are satisfied); or
 
          (ii) by any Person to whom a  transfer is made pursuant to clause  (i)
     above  to W-L or Glaxo, as the case may  be, or to, and for so long as such
     Person is, a direct or indirect wholly owned Affiliate of W-L or Glaxo,  as
     the  case may be, (or, in the case of W-L, if such Person is W-WCHP and the
     requirements set forth in clause (b) below are satisfied);
 
provided, however, that:
 
          (v) notwithstanding the provisions of clause (x) below, following  any
     transfer  permitted by this Section 12.02(a), the references in clauses (i)
     and (ii)  above  to W-L  and  to Glaxo  shall  not be  construed  as  being
     references  to  any  Person  other  than  the  respective  parties  to this
     Agreement at the date hereof;
 
          (w) no transfer may be made  pursuant to this Section 12.02(a)  unless
     the  proposed transferee  shall have agreed  to assume,  by express written
     agreement with the  other Parties  (in form and  substance satisfactory  to
     them),  all of the obligations of the transferor in respect of the interest
     being transferred, and no such transfer shall relieve the transferor of its
     obligations under this Agreement or the Operative Documents or otherwise in
     respect of the JV Businesses and the JV Entities;
 
          (x) any  Person  to  whom  a  transfer is  made  pursuant  to  and  in
     accordance  with this  Section 12.02(a)  shall be  joined as  an additional
     party hereto and to the relevant Operative Documents and shall be deemed to
     have irrevocably covenanted with the other Parties hereto to transfer to  a
     Person  who is a  permitted transferee under  clauses (i) and  (ii) of this
     Section 12.02(a)  all of  its  interest in  this Agreement,  the  Operative
     Documents,  all JV Businesses and all JV Entities immediately prior to such
     Person ceasing to be such a permitted transferee;
 
          (y) not  less than  all of  a Party's  interest in  any particular  JV
     Entity may be transferred pursuant to this Section 12.02(a); and
 
          (z)  the Parties  may agree to  restrict such transfers  to the extent
     they deem necessary or appropriate to allow a JV Entity to be classified as
     a partnership for U.S. Federal income tax purposes.
 
     (b) W-L shall only be  able to exercise its  rights with respect to  W-WCHP
under  Section 4.03(c)  and Section  12.02(a)(i) and (ii)  if, (x)  W-L holds or
controls a majority of the votes  exercisable on the Governing Board of  W-WCHP,
(y)  W-L has sole authority to exercise  the rights to be exercised hereunder or
under the Operative Documents or in relation hereto or thereto and (z) no Person
other than W-L,  Wellcome plc or  their respective Affiliates  holds any  equity
interest in W-WCHP.
 
     (c)  Notwithstanding the terms of this Section 12.02 and the ability of the
Parties to make Permitted Transfers hereunder, the Parties hereby agree that, if
the terms of this Section 12.02 have disadvantageous tax consequences to one  or
both  of the Parties in respect  of its or their interest  in any JV Entity, the
Parties shall negotiate  with each  other in  good faith  modifications to  this
Section 12.02 insofar as it applies to such JV Entity.
 
     SECTION  12.03. Change of Control. (a) In  the event that (i) a Third Party
acquires beneficial ownership (as  defined below) of 30%  or more of the  voting
capital  of either Glaxo on the one hand or W-L on the other hand (the 'Affected
Party') or, in the event that  all or any part of  W-L's JV Interest is held  by
W-WCHP,  either (ii) W-L ceases at any time to hold or control a majority of the
votes exercisable on the governing board of W-WCHP, or (iii) W-L ceases to  have
sole  authority to exercise  the rights to  be exercised hereunder  or under the
Operative Documents or in  relation hereto or thereto  or (iv) any Person  other
than  W-L, Wellcome plc or their respective Affiliates holds any equity interest
 
                                       27
 
<PAGE>
in W-WCHP ('Change of  Control'), then W-L  or Glaxo (as the  case may be)  (the
'Non-Affected  Party') shall, if it  believes in good faith  that such Change of
Control is prejudicial  to such  Affected Party's  JV Interest,  have the  right
within  30  calendar days  following  receipt of  written  notice of,  or public
announcement of, the occurrence of  the Change in Control  at its option and  in
its  sole and absolute  discretion by written  notice (the 'Acquisition Notice')
either:
 
          (x) to require the Affected Party to, and to cause its Affiliates  to,
     sell,  transfer  and convey  the  whole of  the  Affected Party's  and such
     Affiliates' equity interest in all  JV Entities (together the 'JV  Equity')
     (or  if the change  of control arises  under clause (ii),  (iii) or (iv) of
     Section 12.03(a), such of its JV  Equity as was held by W-WCHP  immediately
     prior  to the Change of Control  and which was not subsequently transferred
     to W-L  or a  direct or  indirect wholly  owned Affiliate  of W-L)  to  the
     Non-Affected  Party, or as it  may direct, at a  price to be agreed between
     Glaxo and W-L or,  if they are  unable to agree upon  such price within  90
     calendar  days,  at  the Going  Concern  Value  of the  relevant  JV Equity
     determined in accordance  with Section  15.03 and taking  into account  the
     arrangements  contemplated by Section 12.03(b)  provided, however, that for
     the purposes  of  calculating  such Going  Concern  Value,  each  Operative
     Document  shall be  deemed to  continue for  a period  of 5  years from the
     acquisition pursuant to this clause (x); or
 
          (y) to require the  Affected Party to  purchase and accept  conveyance
     from  the Non-Affected Party  and its Affiliates  of the whole  of their JV
     Equity at a price to be agreed between Glaxo and W-L or, if they are unable
     to agree upon  such price  within 90 calendar  days, at  the Going  Concern
     Value of the relevant JV Equity determined in accordance with Section 15.03
     and  taking into account the  arrangements contemplated by Section 12.03(b)
     and Section 14.04.
 
For the purposes  of this Section  12.03(a), a  Person shall be  deemed to  have
'beneficial  ownership'  of,  and shall  be  deemed to  'beneficially  own', any
securities which such Person or any of its Affiliates is deemed to 'beneficially
own' within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of  1934
and the rules and regulations thereunder.
 
     (b)  In the event that the Non-Affected Party elects to exercise its option
under either clause (x) or clause (y) of Section 12.03(a) then:
 
          (i) subject to Section  14.04 hereof, the  Parties shall negotiate  in
     good  faith such  arrangements as may  be required to  ensure the continued
     operation of the JV Businesses;
 
          (ii) the Affected Party shall, as the case may be, be bound either (A)
     to, and to cause its Affiliates to, sell, transfer and convey the  Affected
     Party's,  and  such Affiliates',  JV Equity  (or if  the change  of control
     arises under  clause (ii)  or (iii)  of Section  12.03(a), such  of its  JV
     Equity as was held by W-WCHP immediately prior to the Change of Control and
     which  was  not subsequently  transferred to  W-L or  a direct  or indirect
     wholly owned Affiliate  of W-L)  to the Non-Affected  Party, or  as it  may
     direct,  pursuant  to  clause  (x)  above or  (B)  to  purchase  and accept
     conveyance from  the Non-Affected  Party  and its  Affiliates of  their  JV
     Equity pursuant to the terms of clause (y) above;
 
          (iii)  each  of the  Operative Documents  (other than  this Agreement)
     shall, to the extent  they relate to any  Ranitidine Product or OTC  Switch
     Product which is then being marketed by any JV Entity or is being developed
     therefor,  continue in full force and effect and shall be binding upon each
     of the Parties or their respective Affiliates, as the case may be,  subject
     only to the provisions of Section 14.04; and
 
          (iv)  this Agreement, and (save as provided in clause (iii) above) the
     other Operative Documents, and the Parties rights and obligations hereunder
     and thereunder  shall,  save  as  provided by  Sections  14.06  and  15.12,
     immediately be terminated.
 
     (c)  Without prejudice to the generality of Section 15.12 of this Agreement
but in accordance with the terms thereof, the Parties agree to keep confidential
the terms of this Section 12.03. Each  Party further agrees (i) not to give  any
indication  to any Third Party as to  whether any action, or what circumstances,
would give  rise  to a  Change  of Control,  (ii)  not to  inform,  directly  or
indirectly, any Third Party of what action such Party would or would not take in
the  event of a Change of Control, until such time as such Change of Control has
occurred and (iii) to inform the other Party immediately
 
                                       28
 
<PAGE>
of any request by any Third Party  for information which it would be  prohibited
by this Section from divulging.
 
                                  ARTICLE XIII
                                INDEMNIFICATION
 
     SECTION  13.01. Indemnification by the JV  Entities. W-L and Glaxo shall be
indemnified and  held harmless  by each  JV  Entity in  respect of  all  claims,
liabilities,  damages,  losses, expenses  (including, without  limitation, legal
fees),  obligations,  liens,  assessments,  judgments  and  fines  (all  of  the
foregoing  being a 'Claim') made by  or owed to any Person  to the extent any of
the foregoing are for bodily injuries or damages suffered, or for obligations or
liabilities, which arose out of the conduct  of the JV Business of the  relevant
JV  Entity. Such Claims shall also include, but  not be limited to, all Taxes of
any kind, interest, penalties, fines due by  any JV Entity in relation to  which
W-L  or Glaxo may be jointly liable for payment with such JV Entity and it shall
be a term of each JV Implementation Agreement that the relevant JV Entity agrees
to indemnify the Parties under the terms of this Section 13.01.
 
     SECTION 13.02. Indemnification by W-L. (a) W-L agrees to indemnify and hold
Glaxo harmless from all Claims suffered or  paid as a result of (i) the  failure
of  any of the representations or warranties  made by W-L in this Agreement, any
other Operative Document or pursuant to Section 11.07 to be true and correct  in
all material respects as of the relevant Closing Date, (ii) any breach by W-L or
any  of its Affiliates  of the terms of  this Agreement or  any of the Operative
Documents, or (iii)  Claims made by  a Third Party  which, if successful,  would
constitute a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by
W-L  or  any of  its Affiliates  in  this Agreement,  any Operative  Document or
pursuant to Section 11.07.
 
     (b) W-L agrees  to indemnify and  hold Glaxo  and each of  the JV  Entities
harmless  in respect of Claims made by or  owed to any Person to the extent such
Claims are  for bodily  injuries  or damages  suffered,  or for  obligations  or
liabilities  which arose, in connection  with products developed, marketed, sold
or distributed  by  W-L  or  any  of its  Affiliates  (other  than  products  so
developed, marketed, sold or distributed as part of the JV Businesses) except to
the  extent that  any JV Entity  is liable  to indemnify the  Parties in respect
thereof pursuant to Section 13.01.
 
     SECTION 13.03. Indemnification by Glaxo. (a) Glaxo agrees to indemnify  and
hold  W-L harmless  from all  Claims suffered  or paid  as a  result of  (i) the
failure of  any of  the representations  or  warranties made  by Glaxo  in  this
Agreement, any other Operative Document or pursuant to Sections 5.07 or 11.07 to
be  true and correct in  all material respects as  of the relevant Closing Date,
(ii) any breach by Glaxo or any of its Affiliates of any terms of this Agreement
or any of the Operative Documents, and (iii) Claims made by a Third Party which,
if successful, would constitute a breach of a representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement made by  Glaxo or any  of its Affiliates in  this Agreement or  any
Operative Document or pursuant to Sections 5.07 or 11.07.
 
     (b)  Glaxo agrees  to indemnify and  hold W-L  and each of  the JV Entities
harmless in respect of Claims made by or  owed to any Person to the extent  such
Claims  are  for bodily  injuries  or damages  suffered,  or for  obligations or
liabilities which arose, in connection  with products developed, marketed,  sold
or  distributed  by Glaxo  or  any of  its  Affiliates (other  than  products so
developed, marketed, sold or distributed as part of the JV Businesses) except to
the extent that  any JV Entity  is liable  to indemnify the  Parties in  respect
thereof pursuant to Section 13.01.
 
     SECTION  13.04. Indemnification Generally. (a)  Any indemnification of W-L,
Glaxo, the  JV  Entities  or  their Affiliates  hereunder  or  under  any  other
Operative  Document, shall include and extend to the benefit of their respective
Affiliates and their respective directors and employees. Any Person that may  be
entitled  to indemnification under  this Agreement or  under any other Operative
Document (an 'Indemnified Party') shall give  notice to the Person obligated  to
indemnify  it (an 'Indemnifying Party') with reasonable promptness upon becoming
aware of the claim or other facts upon which a claim for indemnification will be
based; the notice shall  set forth such information  with respect thereto as  is
then  reasonably  available to  the  Indemnified Party.  The  Indemnifying Party
shall, upon agreeing irrevocably in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnified Party to  be liable for all  Claims in respect thereof,  have
the  right  to undertake  the  defense of  any such  Claim  asserted by  a Third
 
                                       29
 
<PAGE>
Party with counsel  satisfactory to  the Indemnified Party  and the  Indemnified
Party  shall  cooperate  in such  defense  and  make available  all  records and
materials requested by  the Indemnifying  Party in connection  therewith at  the
Indemnifying  Party's expense. If the Indemnifying  Party shall have assumed the
defense of the  claim with  counsel reasonably satisfactory  to the  Indemnified
Party,  the Indemnifying Party shall not be  liable to the Indemnified Party for
any legal or other expenses (other  than for reasonable costs of  investigation)
subsequently  incurred by the  Indemnified Party in  connection with the defense
thereof. The  Indemnifying Party  shall  not be  liable  for any  Claim  settled
without its consent, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
 
     (b) Where any indemnity is claimed by a Party hereunder, or under any other
Operative  Document,  and  the  indemnity  is in  respect  of  any  claim, loss,
liability or obligation owed by one Party to the other, the Party claiming  such
indemnity  shall take all reasonable steps (the  cost of which shall be borne by
the Indemnifying Party) to mitigate such claim, loss, liability or obligation.
 
     (c) Any indemnification hereunder, or  under any other Operative  Document,
shall  be made on an after tax basis and net of any insurance proceeds recovered
by the relevant  Indemnified Party;  provided, however, that  if, following  the
payment  to an Indemnified Party of any amount under this Article XIII, or under
any other  Operative Document,  such Indemnified  Party recovers  any  insurance
proceeds  in respect  of the  Claim for  which such  indemnification payment was
made, the Indemnified Party shall promptly pay an amount equal to the amount  of
such  proceeds (but not exceeding the amount of such indemnification payment) to
the Indemnifying Party.
 
     SECTION  13.05.   Survival   of   Representations   and   Warranties.   The
representations  and warranties contained herein shall survive (i) in respect of
the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 10.02(b), 10.04, 10.05,
10.06, 10.07 and 10.09, to the extent such representations and warranties relate
to Glaxo Products or Glaxo Rights, one year from the relevant Launch Date or, if
development work in respect of that Ranitidine Product or OTC Switch Product  in
connection  with  which  such  representations  and  warranties  were  given  is
terminated prior to any  such sale, one  year from such  termination or (ii)  in
respect  of all other representations and warranties  two years from the date of
this Agreement; provided, however, that a claim may be brought in respect of any
breach of representation or warranty after the  date which is one year from  the
date  of such commercial sale or termination or  two years from the date of this
Agreement, as the case may  be, if the Person seeking  to make such claim  shall
have  given written notice to the person against whom such claim is sought to be
made prior to such date specifying the breach complained of.
 
                                  ARTICLE XIV
                              TERM AND TERMINATION
 
     SECTION 14.01. Term of Agreement. Except in those circumstances referred to
in Sections 12.03(b)(iv), 14.02 and 14.03 it is understood and agreed by each of
the Parties that  this Agreement  is intended to  continue without  interruption
until specifically terminated by unanimous consent of the Parties, and that upon
termination  the rights and obligations of  the Parties hereunder shall continue
to be in effect until the final distribution of the assets of all JV Entities to
the Parties.
 
     SECTION 14.02. Ranitidine OTC Not Approved. (a) In the event:
 
          (i) an NDA Approval for Ranitidine OTC is not received from the FDA by
     the earlier of (x) five  years from the date of  submission of such NDA  or
     (y) January 1, 1998, if such NDA has not then been filed; or
 
          (ii)  W-L and Glaxo agree in  writing, with specific reference to this
     Section 14.02(a)(ii), that there  is no reasonable  likelihood that an  NDA
     Approval for Ranitidine OTC will be received from the FDA within the period
     specified in clause (i);
 
then  either Party  may give  written notice  to the  other of  its intention to
terminate this Agreement, such notice if  given pursuant to clause (i) above  to
be given within six months of the fifth anniversary of the date of submission of
such  NDA or January 1, 1998, as the case may be, or if given pursuant to clause
(ii) above, such notice to be given within six months of such written agreement.
 
                                       30
 
<PAGE>
(b) If notice is given pursuant to Section 14.02(a) and no Ranitidine Product or
OTC Switch Product is  then under development (other  than Ranitidine OTC  being
developed  for the purposes of  the Ranitidine NDA) or  being marketed by any JV
Entity:
 
          (i) all  Ranitidine  Rights  and  any NDA  filed  with  respect  to  a
     Ranitidine OTC Product shall revert to Glaxo; and
 
          (ii)  following the winding up of  the JV Entities pursuant to Section
     14.05 this Agreement and the relevant Operative Documents shall immediately
     be terminated subject only to Sections 14.02(d), 14.06 and 15.12.
 
     (c) If notice  is given  pursuant to  Section 14.02(a)  and any  Ranitidine
Product  or OTC  Switch Product is  then being marketed  by any JV  Entity or is
being developed therefor:
 
          (i) the JV Entities, the JV  Businesses, this Agreement and the  other
     Operative Documents shall continue (subject to Section 14.04) in respect of
     all  such products  until such time  as the arrangements  or agreements are
     terminated pursuant to this  Agreement or until such  time as both  Parties
     agree  otherwise and this Agreement shall in all other respects immediately
     be terminated; and
 
          (ii) the Parties shall  negotiate in good  faith such arrangements  as
     may be required to ensure the continued operation of the JV Businesses with
     respect to such products.
 
     (d)  Should Glaxo or any Affiliate of Glaxo receive NDA Approval for an NDA
for Ranitidine OTC  prior to the  third anniversary of  the termination of  this
Agreement  (in whole  or in  part) pursuant  to this  Section 14.02  Glaxo shall
promptly notify W-L of receipt of the NDA Approval for Ranitidine OTC (the  'NDA
Notice')  and W-L  shall have  the option exercisable,  by notice  in writing to
Glaxo, at any time during the 90 calendar day period following W-L's receipt  of
the NDA Notice to reconstitute this Agreement and the JV Entities, as of, and on
the  terms existing as  of, the date of  termination, and in  the event of W-L's
exercise of such option, each of the Parties shall be deemed to be parties to  a
global  principles agreement identical to  this Agreement as of  the date of its
termination without  any further  action on  the  part of  any party  hereto  or
thereto.
 
     (e)  Without  prejudice  to  the  requirements  and  provisions  of Section
14.02(d), prior to the  third anniversary of the  termination of this  Agreement
(in  whole or in part) pursuant to  this Section 14.02 neither Party shall enter
into any arrangements which would be inconsistent with, or which would  obstruct
or  prevent, the  exercise of,  or the consummation  of W-L's  rights under, the
option set forth in Section 14.02(d).
 
     SECTION 14.03. Liquidation; Breach; Optional Termination. (a) W-L or  Glaxo
may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other:
 
          (i)  if proceedings shall be commenced or a petition shall be filed in
     a court of competent  jurisdiction seeking (x) relief  in respect of  Glaxo
     (in  the case of  a notice given  by W-L) or  W-L (in the  case of a notice
     given by Glaxo)  as the case  may be  (in this clause  (i) the  'Identified
     Party'),  or  of  a substantial  part  of  the property  or  assets  of the
     Identified Party,  under  Title  11  of the  United  States  Code,  as  now
     constituted  or hereafter  amended, or  any other  provision of  Federal or
     state  bankruptcy,  insolvency,   receivership  or  similar   law  in   any
     jurisdiction  (including  Part II  of the  United Kingdom's  Insolvency Act
     1986), (y) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator,
     conservator or similar official of  the Identified Party, or a  substantial
     part  of its property or assets or (z) the winding-up or liquidation of the
     Identified  Party;  and  such   proceedings  or  petition  shall   continue
     undismissed for 60 days, or an order or decree approving or ordering any of
     the foregoing shall be entered;
 
          (ii)  if  a  Party  (in  this clause  (ii)  and  Section  14.03(b) the
     'Relevant Party') shall be in breach  or default in the performance of  any
     obligation under this Agreement or any of the Operative Agreements and such
     breach  is not remedied within six months  of receipt by the Relevant Party
     of written notice specifying, in  reasonable detail, the breach or  default
     complained  of, referring specifically to  this Section 14.03 and requiring
     that such  breach or  default be  remedied within  six months  of  receipt;
     provided, however, that such notice is given within 60 calendar days of the
     date  on which the Party  giving such notice first  knew, or should, in all
     the circumstances, reasonably
 
                                       31
 
<PAGE>
     have known of the relevant breach;  and provided, further, that failure  to
     remedy such breach or default would have a materially adverse affect on the
     JV Businesses as a whole;
 
          (iii)  effective  on the  20th  anniversary of  the  Launch Date  of a
     Ranitidine  Product  by  the  U.S.  Partnership  or  any  subsequent  fifth
     anniversary  thereof;  provided,  however,  that  such  written  notice  of
     termination shall have  been provided not  less than 5  years and not  more
     than 6 years prior to the effective date of such termination; or
 
          (iv)  effective  on  the 25th  anniversary  of  the Launch  Date  of a
     Ranitidine  Product  by  the  U.S.  Partnership  or  any  subsequent  fifth
     anniversary  thereof  (the 'Effective  Date');  provided however  that such
     written notice of  termination shall  have been  provided not  less than  5
     years and not more than 6 years prior to the Effective Date.
 
     (b)  In the  event that  a Party  is entitled  to terminate  this Agreement
pursuant to Section 14.03(a)(ii)  and, at that time,  any Ranitidine Product  or
OTC Switch Product is then being marketed by any JV Entity or is being developed
therefore,  such Party (the 'Entitled Party') shall be entitled to elect, in the
written notice given pursuant to Section 14.03(a), that the JV Entities and  the
JV  Businesses in  respect of  such products  and this  Agreement and  the other
Operative Documents shall continue (subject to Section 14.04) only in respect of
such products  and  this  Agreement  and the  other  Operative  Documents  shall
otherwise immediately be terminated.
 
     (c)  In  connection with  the  making of  an  election pursuant  to Section
14.03(b), the Parties shall negotiate in good faith such arrangements as may  be
required to ensure the continued operation of the JV Businesses.
 
     (d) If notice is given pursuant to Section 14.03(a)(iii) and any Ranitidine
Product  or OTC  Switch Product is  then being marketed  by any JV  Entity or is
being developed therefor:
 
          (i) the JV  Entities and  the JV  Businesses, this  Agreement and  the
     other  Operative Documents shall  continue in respect  of all such products
     until such time as the  arrangements or agreements are terminated  pursuant
     to  this Agreement or until  such time as both  Parties may agree otherwise
     and this Agreement shall in  all other respects immediately be  terminated;
     and
 
          (ii)  the Parties shall  negotiate in good  faith such arrangements to
     ensure the continued operation  of the JV Businesses  with respect to  such
     products.
 
     (e)  if notice is given  pursuant to Section 14.03(a)(iv)  by Glaxo and any
Ranitidine Product or OTC Switch Product (the 'Existing Product') is then  being
marketed  by any JV Entity  or is being developed  therefor, Glaxo shall, on the
Effective Date, purchase and  accept conveyance from W-L  and its Affiliates  of
the  whole of  Glaxo's and  its Affiliates' JV  Equity at  a price  to be agreed
between the Parties or, if  they are unable to agree  upon such price within  90
calendar  days, at the Going  Concern Value of the relevant  JV Equity as of the
Effective Date determined in accordance  with Section 15.03, provided,  however,
that  for the purposes  of calculating such Going  Concern Value, each Operating
Document relating  to the  Existing  Product or  Products  and the  JV  Business
relating  thereto shall be deemed to continue for  a period of 15 years from the
Effective Date.
 
     (f) if notice  is given  pursuant to Section  14.03(a)(iv) by  W-L, all  JV
Entities,  JV Businesses and all Operative Documents shall immediately terminate
and W-L shall not be entitled to any compensation therefor.
 
     SECTION 14.04. Continued Arrangements. If any JV Entities or JV Businesses,
and the provisions  of any Operative  Documents, are to  continue in  accordance
with  Sections  12.03(b),  14.02(c)  or  14.03(b)  (a  'Continuation')  the then
existing Operative Documents relating to the Ranitidine Products and OTC  Switch
Products  then being marketed by any JV Entity or being developed therefor shall
continue as set forth in those Sections except as may otherwise be agreed by the
relevant Parties and except that:
 
          (a) in the case  of any Continuation pursuant  to Section 12.03(b)  or
     14.03(b),  each  existing  license  agreement,  services  agreement, supply
     agreement or other Operative  Document which is so  to continue shall  only
     continue,  for a period of 5 years  from the date of the Acquisition Notice
     or the notice given  pursuant to Section  14.03(a) provided, however,  that
     any such Operative Documents may be terminated by the Non-Affected Party or
     the  Entitled Party, as the  case may be, at  any time on reasonable notice
     (not to be less than 3 months); and
 
                                       32
 
<PAGE>
          (b) in the case of any continuation pursuant to Section 14.02(c),  all
     Operative  Documents which are so to continue shall terminate 10 years from
     the date of the notice given pursuant to Section 14.02(c).
 
     SECTION 14.05.  Winding Up  and Liquidation.  During the  six-month  period
following  receipt  of a  notice of  termination pursuant  to Sections  14.02 or
14.03, and  pending  the distribution  and  payments required  by  the  relevant
Section  and  subject  to  any  continuing  business  under  Sections  12.03(b),
14.02(c), 14.03(b) and the other rights of the Parties under those Sections, the
JV Entities shall continue solely for  the purposes of winding up their  affairs
in  an orderly manner, liquidating such JV Entities and their respective assets,
and satisfying the claims of their creditors and no Party shall take any  action
that  is inconsistent with,  unnecessary to or  inappropriate for such purposes.
During the period of winding  up, the rights and  obligations set forth in  this
Agreement  with respect to the  management of the JV  Entities will continue and
the Governing  Board of  each JV  Entity shall  continue to  make all  decisions
relating  to  the  conduct of  any  business or  operations,  including, without
limitation, any decisions relating to the  sale or other disposition of that  JV
Entity's assets.
 
     SECTION  14.06. Survival of Rights. For the avoidance of doubt any exercise
by any of the  Parties of their  rights to terminate  this Agreement and/or  the
Operative  Documents  under Article  XII or  this Article  XIV shall  be without
prejudice to  any  other  rights  (including, without  limitation,  any  of  the
remedies  set forth  in Section 15.13)  the Parties  may have in  respect of any
breach or default by the other Party or any of its Affiliates of its obligations
hereunder or under the Operative Documents, or otherwise.
 
                                   ARTICLE XV
                                    GENERAL
 
     SECTION 15.01. Expenses.  Except as expressly  provided herein, each  Party
shall  bear its own  expenses, fees, costs  and disbursements, and  those of its
Affiliates, incurred  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the  Operative
Documents  and  the consummation  of  the transactions  contemplated  hereby and
thereby and preparation therefor including:
 
          (a) in respect of W-L all  expenses, fees, costs and disbursements  of
     Bear  Stearns  &  Co.  Inc. arising  in  connection  with  the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement; and
 
          (b) all Taxes incurred in connection with the assignment and  transfer
     of  assets to any JV Entity; provided, however, that, to the extent legally
     able to do so, each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and the  JV
     Entities to, deliver to any other Party or any Affiliate of any Party or JV
     Entity  that is required by law to collect any Taxes exemption certificates
     in form and substance satisfactory to  such Party, Affiliate or JV  Entity,
     as the case may be, with respect to such Taxes.
 
     SECTION 15.02. Assignment and Binding Effect. Except as provided in Article
XII  or 14.03(e)  and any of  the rights  or obligations hereunder  shall not be
assignable by any Party without the prior written consent of the other  Parties.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and
their respective permitted successors and assigns.
 
     SECTION  15.03. Inability  To Agree  upon Value.  In the  event the Parties
cannot agree on any determination of  compensation or value required by  Section
12.03(a)  or 14.03(e) within such period as  this Agreement may provide for such
agreement to be reached by  the Parties, each of W-L  and Glaxo shall choose  an
investment  banker to determine such compensation or value, which value shall be
the average of the two values determined by such investment bankers, unless such
values vary by more than  ten percent, in which  case the compensation or  value
shall  be one  or the other  of such values  as decided by  an investment banker
selected by the first two investment bankers.
 
     SECTION 15.04. Corporate Names. In the  event of the transfer by any  Party
(the  'Exited Party') of the whole of its and its Affiliates' JV Interest to any
Third Party or to the other Party or its Affiliates pursuant to Section 12.02 or
to the other Party or its Affiliates  pursuant to Article XIV, the successor  to
such  JV Interest and the other Party shall cease, and shall ensure that each of
their Affiliates and each of the JV Entities cease, to use any corporate name or
logo of the Exited Party, or any colorable imitation thereof, in connection with
the JV Businesses or otherwise.
 
                                       33
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 15.05. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of  Process;
Agent  for Service. (a) This Agreement shall be governed, construed and enforced
in accordance with the law of the State of New York without regard to principles
of conflicts of law.
 
     (b) Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for
itself and its property, to the jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting
in New York or any Federal court of the United States sitting in the Borough  of
Manhattan  in the City of New York, and any appellate court from any such court,
in any suit, action or proceeding arising  out of or relating to this  Agreement
or  any of  the Operative  Documents, or for  recognition or  enforcement of any
judgment, and each of the Parties hereto hereby irrevocably and  unconditionally
agrees  that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be
heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by
law, by removal or  otherwise, in such  Federal court. It  shall be a  condition
precedent  to each Party's  right to bring  any such suit,  action or proceeding
that such suit, action or proceeding, in the first instance, be brought in  such
New  York  State  court  or, to  the  extent  permitted by  law,  by  removal or
otherwise, in such  Federal court  (unless such  suit, action  or proceeding  is
brought  solely to obtain  discovery or to  enforce a judgment),  and if each of
such New York state court and such Federal court refuses to accept  jurisdiction
with  respect thereto,  such suit,  action or proceeding  may be  brought in any
other court with jurisdiction. Neither Party  may move to (i) transfer any  such
suit,  action or proceeding from  such New York State  court or Federal court to
another jurisdiction,  (ii)  consolidate any  such  suit, action  or  proceeding
brought  in such New  York State court or  Federal court with  a suit, action or
proceeding in another  jurisdiction or (iii)  dismiss any such  suit, action  or
proceeding brought in such New York State court or Federal court for the purpose
of  bringing the same  in another jurisdiction.  Each Party agrees  that a final
judgment in any such suit, action or  proceeding shall be conclusive and may  be
enforced  in any  other jurisdiction  by suit  on the  judgment or  in any other
manner provided by law.
 
     (c) Each of the Parties  hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives,  to
the  fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it
may now  or hereafter  have  to the  laying  of venue  of  any suit,  action  or
proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the Operative
Documents in any New York State court  sitting in New York or any Federal  court
sitting  in the Borough of Manhattan in the  City of New York. Each Party hereby
irrevocably waives, to the  fullest extent permitted by  law, the defense of  an
inconvenient  forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any
such court and further waives  the right to object,  with respect to such  suit,
action  or  proceeding, that  such court  does not  have jurisdiction  over such
Party.
 
     (d) Each Party  irrevocably consents  to service of  process on  it or  any
agent  for service  appointed from  time to  time (including  agents for service
appointed pursuant to clause (e) of  this Section 15.05) in the manner  provided
for  notices in Section 15.06. Nothing in  this Agreement shall affect the right
of either Party to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
     (e) Glaxo  hereby designates  and appoints  Glaxo Americas  Inc., and  such
other  persons  (reasonably  satisfactory  to  W-L)  hereafter  selected  by it,
irrevocably agreeing in  writing so to  serve, as  its agent to  receive on  its
behalf  service of all process  in any proceedings referred  to in clause (b) of
this Section  15.04, such  service  being hereby  acknowledged  by Glaxo  to  be
effective and binding service in every respect.
 
     SECTION   15.06.  Notices.   All  notices,  demands,   requests  and  other
communications required or permitted to be  given hereunder shall be in  writing
and  deemed duly given  on the date  delivered by hand,  mailed by registered or
certified mail,  postage  prepaid,  or  by overnight  courier  or  by  facsimile
transmission  the receipt of which is  confirmed by telephone, to the respective
Parties at the  following addresses (or  at such  other address for  a Party  as
shall be specified by like notice):
 
          if to W-L or any W-L Participant:
 
           Warner-Lambert Company
           201 Tabor Road
           Morris Plains, New Jersey 07950
           United States
 
                                       34
 
<PAGE>
           Attn: (1) Vice President, Planning
           Investment and Development
 
             and (2) Vice President and
                     General Counsel
 
           Facsimile: 201-540-3927
 
          if to Glaxo or any Glaxo Participant:
 
           The Company Secretary
           Glaxo Holdings p.l.c.
           Lansdowne House
           Berkeley Square
           London WIX GBP
           England
           Facsimile 071-408-0228
 
     SECTION  15.07. Parties in Interest. Nothing  in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any  Person
other than the Parties any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever
under  or by reason  of this Agreement, all  of which shall be  for the sole and
exclusive benefit of the Parties.
 
     SECTION  15.08.  Press  Releases.  All  press  releases  or  other   public
communication  relating to the terms of this  Agreement, the JV Entities and the
other Operative Documents  (other than  announcements, summaries  or reports  of
previously disclosed information) shall be subject, except as otherwise required
by  law (in which  case the relevant  Party will if  practicable allow the other
Party an opportunity to review a draft  thereof prior to release), to the  prior
approval  of each  of W-L  and Glaxo, which  approval shall  not be unreasonably
withheld.
 
     SECTION 15.09. Headings. The headings of the Sections and Articles of  this
Agreement  are inserted  as a matter  of convenience and  for reference purposes
only, and are of no binding effect.
 
     SECTION 15.10. Entire  Agreement; Amendment;  Severability; Termination  of
Existing  Arrangements.  (a) As  at  the Closing  Date  of this  Agreement, this
Agreement (including the Schedules hereto) and the Operative Documents represent
the entire understanding and agreement between  the Parties with respect to  the
subject  matter hereof. This  Agreement can be  amended, modified, supplemented,
extended, terminated  (except  as  provided  in Articles  XII  or  XIV  hereof),
discharged  or  charged only  by an  agreement in  writing which  makes specific
reference to this Section and which is signed by all the Parties.
 
     (b) If and to the extent that any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision  (or  any  part   thereof)  of  this  Agreement   to  be  invalid   or
unenforceable,  such holding shall  not affect the validity  of the remainder of
this Agreement.
 
     (c) The Parties hereby agree  to terminate as of  the Closing Date of  this
Agreement,  the Confidentiality Agreement  between them dated  June 15, 1992 and
the Standstill Agreement between them dated June 15, 1992.
 
     SECTION 15.11. Waiver and Compliance. Any failure of Glaxo or W-L to comply
with any obligation, covenant,  agreement or condition  herein contained may  be
expressly waived, in writing only, by the other Parties and such waiver shall be
effective  only in the specific instance and  for the specific purpose for which
made or given.
 
     SECTION 15.12. Confidentiality.  (a) Neither Party  shall, or shall  permit
their  Affiliates to, disclose to  any Third Party any  information (that is not
publicly available or generally known other than by breach of the provisions  of
this  Agreement or made available by a Third  Party which is not in breach of an
obligation of confidentiality):
 
          (i) regarding the terms of this  Agreement and of the other  Operative
     Documents  and  in particular  the terms  of the  provisions relating  to a
     Change of Control contained in Section 12.03 hereof or in any other of  the
     Operative Documents; or
 
                                       35
 
<PAGE>
          (ii)  obtained  by such  Party  or its  Affiliates  pursuant to  or in
     connection with the negotiation, delivery and performance of this Agreement
     or the other Operative  Documents or the  consummation of the  transactions
     contemplated thereby to any Person, other than its Affiliates;
 
except in each case:
 
          (w) with the prior written consent of the other Party;
 
          (x) to the extent necessary to comply with law or the valid order of a
     court  of  competent jurisdiction,  in which  event  the Party  making such
     disclosure shall so notify the other Party as promptly as practicable  (and
     if  possible, prior to making such  disclosure) and shall seek confidential
     treatment of such information;
 
          (y) in connection with enforcement  of such Party's rights  hereunder;
     or
 
          (z)  to  a professional  advisor to  such Party  or its  Affiliates in
     connection with the  performance by  such Party  or its  Affiliates of  its
     obligations hereunder or thereunder;
 
provided,  however, that any  disclosure which is  otherwise permitted hereunder
may be made to W-WCHP  which shall not disclose  such information to any  Person
except as may be necessary to deal with the subject of the disclosure.
 
     (b) Upon termination of this Agreement or any Permitted Transfer to a Third
Party,  each Party will return all documents,  work papers and other material of
the other Party, specifically  requested to be returned  by a Party in  writing,
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Operative Documents,
and  all  copies of  such materials,  whether  so obtained  before or  after the
execution hereof,  to the  Party furnishing  the same.  The obligations  of  the
Parties  under  this  Section  15.12  shall  survive  the  termination  of  this
Agreement.
 
     SECTION  15.13. Specific  Enforcement. Each  Party acknowledges  and agrees
that the  other Party  would be  irreparably damaged  in the  event any  of  the
provisions of this Agreement or the Operative Documents were not performed by it
in  accordance  with their  specific  terms or  were  otherwise breached.  It is
accordingly agreed  that  each Party  shall  be  entitled to  an  injunction  or
injunctions  to prevent breaches of such  provisions and specifically to enforce
such provisions, in  addition to any  other remedy  to which such  Party may  be
entitled, at law or in equity.
 
     SECTION   15.14.   Counterparts.  This   Agreement   may  be   executed  in
counterparts, and by  different Parties  on separate or  the same  counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument.
 
     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the  Parties have  caused this  Agreement to  be duly
executed in their respective names and on their behalf, all as of the date first
above written.
 
                                          WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY,
 
                                          by /s/ Fred G. Weiss
                                             ...................................
                                            Name: Fred G. Weiss
                                            Title: Vice President
 
                                          GLAXO HOLDINGS p.l.c.,
 
                                          by /s/ Jeremy A. W. Strachan
                                             ...................................
                                            Name: Jeremy A. W. Strachan
                                            Title: Executive Director
 
                                       36


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXIHBIT 10(S)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                              CONFORMED COPY




                 GLOBAL PRINCIPLES AGREEMENT


                           between


                   WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY


                             and


                        WELLCOME PLC


                  ________________________


                   Dated December 17, 1993

                  ________________________

<PAGE>

                      TABLE OF CONTENTS


                          ARTICLE I

                         Definitions
<TABLE>
<S>                  <C>                                  <C>
SECTION 1.01.  Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
SECTION 1.02.  Terms Generally. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14


                         ARTICLE II

                          Closings

SECTION 2.01.  Closings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
SECTION 2.02.  Core Territory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
SECTION 2.03.  Subsequent Closings  . . . . . . . . . . . 16
SECTION 2.04.  Deemed Closing Date of U.S. Partnership. . 16


                         ARTICLE III

             Management of JV Entities; Funding

SECTION 3.01.  Management of the JV Entities .. . . . . . 17
SECTION 3.02.  Governing Boards; Membership; Powers . . . 17
SECTION 3.03.  Quorum; Notice; Meetings . . . . . . . . . 20
SECTION 3.04.  Designation of New Representatives
                 or Alternative Representatives . . . . . 20
SECTION 3.05.  Other Positions of Representatives . . . . 21
SECTION 3.06.  Annual Operating Plans; Incentive
                 Compensation Plans; Initial Plans;
                 Plan Compliance  . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
SECTION 3.07.  No Remuneration  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
SECTION 3.08.  Funding  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
SECTION 3.09.  Governance; Percentage Interest of 
                 Wellcome in U.S. Partnership . . . . . . 23
SECTION 3.10.  Expenses of JV Entities; Adjustments . . . 24
SECTION 3.11.  Deliberations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
SECTION 3.12.  Bank Accounts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25

                         ARTICLE IV

                   Operations; JV Entities

SECTION 4.01.  General  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
SECTION 4.02.  Form and Structure of JV Entities  . . . . 25
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Page
                                                         -----
<S>                 <C>                                   <C>


SECTION 4.03.  Equitable Adjustment . . . . . . . . . . . 30
SECTION 4.04.  Zovirax Arrangements . . . . . . . . . . . 31
SECTION 4.05.  Management of JV Entities  . . . . . . . . 33
SECTION 4.06.  Operations to be Conducted in Accordance
                 with Annual Operating Plan and 
                 Direction of the Relevant Governing 
                 Board  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
SECTION 4.07.  Asset Contributions. . . . . . . . . . . . 33
SECTION 4.08.  Management Standards . . . . . . . . . . . 34


                          ARTICLE V

     Glaxo Arrangement and Wellcome Profit Participation

SECTION 5.01.  Treatment of Glaxo Arrangement . . . . . . 34
SECTION 5.02.  Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
SECTION 5.03.  Wellcome Profit Participation and
                 Development Costs Obligations. . . . . . 36
SECTION 5.04.  Control of Glaxo Arrangement
                 Products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37


                         ARTICLE VI

                        New Products

SECTION 6.01.  Products Developed by the Parties  . . . . 38
SECTION 6.02.  OTC Switch Candidates  . . . . . . . . . . 38
SECTION 6.03.  Acquisition by a Party . . . . . . . . . . 40
SECTION 6.04.  Acquisition by a JV Entity . . . . . . . . 41
SECTION 6.05.  Continuing Development . . . . . . . . . . 41
SECTION 6.06.  Use of Information . . . . . . . . . . . . 41


                         ARTICLE VII

               Manufacturing; Supply; Services

SECTION 7.01.  Manufacturing and Supply . . . . . . . . . 42
SECTION 7.02.  Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
SECTION 7.03.  Operating Issues . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
SECTION 7.04.  Alternate Manufacturing Sites. . . . . . . 43
SECTION 7.05.  Audits and Inspections . . . . . . . . . . 43

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Page
                                                         -----
<S>                 <C>                                   <C>

                        ARTICLE VIII

                      Change of Control

SECTION 8.01.  Definition of Change of Control;
                 Response to Third Parties  . . . . . . . 44
SECTION 8.02.  Effect of Change of Control  . . . . . . . 45


                         ARTICLE IX

                Covenants of Wellcome and W-L

SECTION 9.01.  Access . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
SECTION 9.02.  Financial Information  . . . . . . . . . . 45
SECTION 9.03.  Books and Records  . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
SECTION 9.04.  Conduct of Business  . . . . . . . . . . . 46
SECTION 9.05.  Approvals and Consents . . . . . . . . . . 47
SECTION 9.06.  Regulatory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
SECTION 9.07.  Further Assurances . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
SECTION 9.08.  Tax Matters  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
SECTION 9.09.  Employees; Sharing of Certain Costs. . . . 48


                          ARTICLE X

         Post Closing Covenants of Wellcome and W-L

SECTION 10.01. Treatment of OTC Zovirax; Regulatory . . . 49
SECTION 10.02. Further Assurances . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
SECTION 10.03. Tax Matters. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51
SECTION 10.04. U.S. Export Controls Compliance;
                 Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1976 . . 51
SECTION 10.05. JV Entity Books and Records; Audits. . . . 52
SECTION 10.06. Intellectual Property Rights . . . . . . . 52
SECTION 10.07. Access . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
SECTION 10.08. Benefit of Contracts . . . . . . . . . . . 53
SECTION 10.09. Use of Parent Names. . . . . . . . . . . . 54
SECTION 10.10. Competition. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
SECTION 10.11. Insurance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
SECTION 10.12. JV Prescription Zovirax. . . . . . . . . . 56
SECTION 10.13. Scope of JV Business; Non-Violation
                 of Existing Obligations. . . . . . . .   56
SECTION 10.14. Conduct of Business. . . . . . . . . . . . 56
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Page
                                                         -----
<S>                 <C>                                   <C>

                         ARTICLE XI

       Conditions to Wellcome's and W-L's Obligations

SECTION 11.01. Certain Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
SECTION 11.02. Government Approvals and Consents  . . . . 57
SECTION 11.03. Tax Rulings  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
SECTION 11.04. Representations and Warranties . . . . . . 58
SECTION 11.05. Performance of Covenants . . . . . . . . . 58
SECTION 11.06. Authorization of Agreements  . . . . . . . 59
SECTION 11.07. Execution of Operative Documents . . . . . 59
SECTION 11.08. Certificate of Compliance  . . . . . . . . 59
SECTION 11.09. Assignment of Certain Contracts
                 and Licenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59


                         ARTICLE XII

             Transfer of Joint Venture Interest

SECTION 12.01. Limitation on Right to Transfer  . . . . . 60
SECTION 12.02. Permitted Transfers  . . . . . . . . . . . 60


                        ARTICLE XIII

                       Indemnification

SECTION 13.01. Responsibility for Liabilities and 
                 Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
SECTION 13.02. Indemnification  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63


                         ARTICLE XIV

                    Term and Termination

SECTION 14.01. Term of JV Entity  . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
SECTION 14.02. OTC Zovirax Not Approved . . . . . . . . . 65
SECTION 14.03. Wellcome Events of Termination; 
                 Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
SECTION 14.04. W-L Events of Termination; Remedies  . . . 72
SECTION 14.05. W-L's Option to Purchase Wellcome's
                 Interest in the Glaxo Arrangement;
                 Wellcome Tag-Along Right . . . . . . . . 75
SECTION 14.06. Waiver of Right to Terminate . . . . . . . 76
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Page
                                                         -----
<S>                 <C>                                   <C>
SECTION 14.07. Winding Up and Transfer of Assets;
                 Liquidation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
SECTION 14.08. Rationalization of Interests; Tax
                 Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
SECTION 14.09. Termination of Related Agreements. . . . . 77
SECTION 14.10. Failure to Satisfy Required Conditions . . 78
SECTION 14.11. Definitional Clarification . . . . . . . . 78


                         ARTICLE XV

                           General

SECTION 15.01. Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78
SECTION 15.02. Assignment and Binding Effect  . . . . . . 79
SECTION 15.03. Inability to Agree Upon Value  . . . . . . 79
SECTION 15.04. Financial Consolidation. . . . . . . . . . 79
SECTION 15.05. Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79
SECTION 15.06. Parties in Interest. . . . . . . . . . . . 80
SECTION 15.07. Press Releases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
SECTION 15.08. Headings; Schedules; Counterparts  . . . . 80
SECTION 15.09. Entire Agreement; Amendment; 
                 Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
SECTION 15.10. Waiver; Compliance . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
SECTION 15.11. Confidentiality. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
SECTION 15.12. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent 
                 to Service of Process; Agent for 
                 Service. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82


                          Schedules

Schedule 1          Format for Calculating Certain Profits
                    and Losses

</TABLE>


<PAGE>
                                                                  CONFORMED COPY
 
     GLOBAL  PRINCIPLES AGREEMENT dated December  17, 1993 (the 'Agreement'), by
and between WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY, a Delaware corporation ('W-L') and  WELLCOME
plc, a company incorporated in England ('Wellcome').
 
     W-L  and Wellcome are each engaged  in the non-prescription consumer health
care products  business. It  is the  desire  of W-L  and Wellcome,  directly  or
through  their respective affiliates, to establish joint ventures in which their
respective non-prescription consumer health care businesses will be combined  in
the United States, Canada, Australia and member states of the European Union and
countries  in  the Other  European Territory  (as  hereinafter defined)  and, at
future dates,  in  other countries  throughout  the world,  including  countries
within  Eastern  Europe,  to  which  the Parties  agree  to  extend  their joint
ventures. While the specific  form of the joint  ventures may vary in  different
countries,  it is the intention of the parties, by this Agreement, to agree upon
certain principles which will govern the management and strategic development of
the joint ventures as agreed and implemented by the Parties.
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual  covenants,
agreements,  representations and warranties herein contained, and for other good
and valuable  consideration the  receipt  and sufficiency  of which  are  hereby
acknowledged,  the parties hereto intending to  be legally bound hereby agree as
follows:
 
                                   ARTICLE I
                                  DEFINITIONS
 
     SECTION 1.01. Definitions.
 
     'Administrative  Services   Allocation'  shall   mean,  for   purposes   of
calculating  Special Profit and Loss, an amount equal to 2% of Net Sales by a JV
Entity of (a) OTC Zovirax in the United States or (b) any OTC Switch Product  in
the  United States or  the Remainder of the  World, such Administrative Services
Allocation amount not to exceed  U.S. $5 million in  respect of each product  in
each  country  (non-U.S.  Dollar  currencies to  be  converted  to  U.S. Dollars
pursuant to the  Procedure for Converting  Net Sales) in  any Fiscal Year.  Such
U.S. $5 million allocation limitation will be adjusted for each product for each
relevant Fiscal Year following the year in which such limitation is reached by a
percentage which shall equal the percentage change from the previous year in the
Consumer  Price Index  (1982-84=100), all  items less  energy, published  by the
Bureau of Labor  Statistics of  the United States  Department of  Labor, or  any
replacement index.
 
     'Affiliate'  with  respect  to  any Person,  shall  mean  any  other Person
controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with  such
Person  but shall be deemed not to include a JV Entity. A Person shall be deemed
to control a corporation (or other entity) if such Person possesses, directly or
indirectly, the power  to direct or  cause the direction  of the management  and
policies of such corporation (or other entity), whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
 
     'Annual Operating Plan' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
 
     'Base  Business Profit and Loss' shall mean, in the case of each JV Entity,
its Profit and  Loss less its  Export Profit  and Loss, Glaxo  Profit and  Loss,
Special Profit and Loss and any items allocated pursuant to Section 4.02(c)(vi),
the result of which, if positive, would be Base Business Profit or, if negative,
would be Base Business Loss.
 
     'Benchmark  Direct Profit Contribution  Target' shall have  the meaning set
forth in Schedule 2 to the Supplemental Document Package.
 
     'Business Day' shall mean, with respect to any particular Territory, a  day
of  the year in which banks are neither required nor authorized to close in such
Territory.
 
     'Change of Control' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.01.
 
     'Certified Public Accountants' shall mean the independent certified  public
accountants of Wellcome, W-L or any JV Entity, as the case may be.
 
<PAGE>
     'Closing' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.
 
     'Closing Date' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.
 
     'Core  Territory' shall mean Australia, Canada, the EC Territory, the Other
European Territory and  the United States.  For the purpose  of this  Agreement,
references to Australia shall also be deemed to include New Zealand.
 
     'Cost of Goods Sold' shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule 1 hereto.
 
     'Direct  Profit Contribution' shall  mean (i) Net  Sales of JV Prescription
Zovirax and OTC Zovirax less (ii) the  sum of Cost of Goods Sold, Promotion  and
Advertising applicable thereto.
 
     'EC Territory' shall mean the Territory made up of the following countries:
Belgium,  Denmark,  France,  Germany, Greece,  Ireland,  Italy,  Luxembourg, the
Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom.
 
     'Exclusivity' shall mean having the exclusive right to make, use and sell a
compound in the United States  non-prescription consumer health care market  due
to  the existence of  a valid compound  patent relating to  such compound or the
granting of  exclusivity  under  the  Drug Price  Competition  and  Patent  Term
Restoration  Act  of 1984,  Pub. L.  No.  98-417, 98  Stat. 1585-1605  (1984) or
similar legislation enacted in the United States.
 
     'Existing Products' shall mean products presently included in the  Wellcome
Contributed  Business  and W-L  Contributed Business  as identified  on Schedule
1.01(a) and 1.01(b), respectively, in the Supplemental Document Package.
 
     'Excess Sales' shall mean the  amount, if any, by  which Net Sales for  the
two  calendar months prior to a Closing Date exceed the product of (a) Net Sales
for the  comparable two-month  period for  the prior  year multiplied  by (b)  a
fraction, the numerator of which is Net Sales for the ten-month period preceding
the  two-month period preceding such Closing  Date, and the denominator of which
is Net Sales for the comparable ten-month period for the prior year.
 
     'Export Profit and Loss' shall mean, in the case of each JV Entity, its Net
Sales to customers outside  its Territory (both  third-party customers and,  for
purposes  of this definition,  JV Entities), less  the items of (income)/expense
identified on Schedule 1  hereto relating to  such extra-territorial Net  Sales,
the  result of which, if positive, would be Export Profit or, if negative, would
be Export Loss.
 
     'FDA' shall mean the United States Federal Food and Drug Administration  or
any successor agency of the United States.
 
     'Fiscal  Quarter' shall  mean in  the United  States, a  three-month period
ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, and in the  Remainder
of the World, a three-month period ending on February 28 (or 29), May 31, August
31 and November 30.
 
     'Fiscal Year' shall mean in the United States the calendar year, and in the
Remainder of the World, the twelve-month period ending November 30.
 
     'Fully Allocated Cost' shall mean (i) in the case of products, all directly
attributable  costs for  materials and labor  plus an  appropriate allocation of
indirect costs which support the manufacturing of such products, or (ii) in  the
case  of  the lease  of  property or  the  provision of  services,  all directly
attributable costs plus an appropriate  allocation of indirect costs  (including
depreciation  and amortization) which support the  provision of such property or
services, all as more fully described for products, property and services in the
Operative Documents.
 
     'General Manager' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.
 
     'Glaxo' shall mean  Glaxo Holdings  plc, a company  incorporated under  the
laws of England.
 
     'Glaxo Arrangement' shall mean the worldwide arrangements between Glaxo and
W-L  established pursuant to  the principles set forth  in the Global Principles
Agreement between W-L and Glaxo dated as of December 10, 1993, and as  initially
implemented by the Partnership Agreement between W-L and Glaxo OTC Inc. dated as
of December 10, 1993.
 
     'Glaxo  Development Costs' shall mean the  costs incurred by Glaxo, W-L, an
entity established  pursuant  to  the  Glaxo  Arrangement  or  a  JV  Entity  as
development costs of obtaining any required
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
regulatory   approval  of  claims,  indications  or  dosage  forms  of  products
attributable to the  Glaxo Arrangement,  as determined in  accordance with  U.S.
GAAP.
 
     'Glaxo  Management Fee' shall mean any  amounts paid by Glaxo, an Affiliate
of Glaxo or an entity established  pursuant to the Glaxo Arrangement in  respect
of  (i)  the  fixed percentage  fee  for  field selling,  detail  field selling,
operations,   general   administration,    corporate   allocation   and    other
(income)/expense  and (ii) any reimbursement of a JV Entity for the provision of
services to any such joint venture by a JV Entity at Fully Allocated Cost.
 
     'Glaxo Profit and Loss' shall mean any profit or loss (for the avoidance of
doubt excluding income received by a JV  Entity as a Glaxo Management Fee),  net
of income tax, if any, payable by the JV Entity, attributable to any interest or
right in the Glaxo Arrangement held or owned by a JV Entity, W-L or an Affiliate
of W-L.
 
     'Going  Concern Value' shall  mean the value  determined in accordance with
Section 15.03 of  a product or  business of a  JV Entity as  if such product  or
business  were  freely tradeable  in the  open market.  Such valuation  will not
reflect a  premium  for control  or  a discount  for  lack of  marketability  or
control.
 
     'Governing Board' shall mean each Governing Board established in accordance
with Section 3.02 of this Agreement to manage the relevant JV Entity.
 
     'Indebtedness'   shall  mean,   for  any   Party  or   JV  Entity  (without
duplication): (a) obligations of such JV  Entity for borrowed money (whether  by
loan,  the  issuance and  sale of  debt securities  or the  sale of  property to
another  Person  subject  to  an  understanding  or  agreement,  contingent   or
otherwise,  to repurchase  such property from  such Person);  (b) obligations of
such JV Entity to pay the deferred purchase or acquisition price of property  or
services,  other than  trade accounts  payable (other  than for  borrowed money)
arising, in the ordinary course of business and accrued expenses so incurred, so
long as such trade accounts payable are payable within 120 days of the date  the
respective  goods are  delivered or  the respective  services are  rendered; (c)
indebtedness of others  secured by a  Lien on  the property of  such JV  Entity,
whether  or not the indebtedness so secured  has been assumed by such JV Entity;
(d) obligations  (contingent or  otherwise)  of such  JV  Entity in  respect  of
letters  of  credit,  bankers'  acceptances  or  similar  instruments  issued or
accepted by  banks and  other financial  institutions for  the account  of  such
Person;   (e)  capitalized  lease  obligations  of   such  JV  Entity;  and  (f)
indebtedness of others guaranteed by such JV Entity.
 
     'JV Business' shall mean the combined Wellcome Contributed Business and W-L
Contributed  Business  in  respect  of  any  JV  Entity,  and  the  development,
marketing, distribution and selling by a JV Entity of such other consumer health
care  products as may be added to such  business from time to time in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.
 
     'JV  Entity'  shall  mean  in  respect  of  the  United  States  the   U.S.
Partnership,  and in respect of any other country such other organization as the
Parties may determine  for the  purpose of conducting  the JV  Business in  that
country,  it being understood that to  the extent holding company structures are
utilized, the holding company and any entities it controls shall each be  deemed
a JV Entity.
 
     'JV Implementation Agreement' shall mean the agreement (or agreements) that
establish  the structure of the JV Entity and  provide for the JV Business to be
conducted in a relevant  Territory in a form  reflecting the provisions of  this
Agreement with such alterations or additions as may be required by law or agreed
to by the Parties.
 
     'JV  Management' shall mean the General Manager and those persons appointed
by the General Manager to manage each of the JV Entities.
 
     'JV Prescription Zovirax' shall mean a product sold by prescription  having
Zovirax  as its  sole active ingredient  in a cream  form in three  gram or less
packaging in the Remainder of the World.
 
     'Launch Date' shall mean, in respect of OTC Zovirax, the earlier of (i) the
date of the first commercial sale of OTC Zovirax by the U.S. Partnership  (other
than sales resulting from regional test marketing) or (ii) the date following an
NDA  Approval that Wellcome approves in  writing for the commercial distribution
of OTC Zovirax in the United States.
 
                                       3
 
<PAGE>
     'Lien' shall mean any lien, mortgage, pledge, security interest, charge  or
encumbrance of any kind (including, without limitation, any conditional sales or
other  title  retention  agreement, any  lease  in  the nature  thereof  and any
agreement to give any of the foregoing).
 
     'Line Extension'  shall mean  any extensions  of Existing  Products in  any
Territory  (or products hereafter  contributed by a Party  other than OTC Switch
Products) which (i)  utilize the  same trademark as  an Existing  Product (or  a
product  hereafter contributed by  a Party) or  (ii) are of  the same or similar
class, category or formulation  as an Existing Product  (or a product  hereafter
contributed by a Party other than OTC Switch Products) which is marketed by a JV
Entity.
 
     'NDA'  shall  mean  a New  Drug  Application, including  any  amendments or
supplements thereto, filed  with the FDA  pursuant to 21  U.S.C. 355 (1970),  as
such  statute  may be  amended  at any  time in  the  future, or  any regulation
thereunder.
 
     'NDA Approval' shall mean the receipt of final approval from the FDA of  an
NDA  or a supplemental NDA to make, use  and sell in the United States a subject
product with labeling reasonably acceptable to the Parties which in the case  of
OTC  Zovirax shall include  as an indication the  treatment of recurrent genital
herpes.
 
     'NDA Disapproval' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(g).
 
     'Net Sales' shall mean gross invoice amounts on sales of products to  third
party  customers less the following  deductions reasonably and properly incurred
in the  ordinary  course of  business  and paid  or  given: off  invoice  (i.e.,
non-performance  discounts),  quantity  (including  bracket  pricing)  and  cash
discounts and any other adjustments, including but not limited to those  granted
on  account of price adjustments, billing errors, rejected goods, damaged goods,
recalls,  returns,  rebates,  chargebacks   and  prime  vendor  rebates,   fees,
reimbursements  or similar  payments granted  or given  to wholesalers  or other
distributors,  buying   groups,  health   care  insurance   carriers  or   other
institutions,  freight and insurance  charges billed to  the customer, custom or
excise duties, sales tax, value added tax and other taxes (except income  taxes)
or duties relating to sales of products, any payment made in respect of sales of
products to any governmental or quasi-governmental body or agency.
 
     'Non-Core  Territory' shall mean  all countries other  than those countries
that constitute the Core Territory.
 
     'Non-Originating Party' shall mean (a) with respect to a product, the Party
which did not make available to a  JV Entity such product or any Line  Extension
thereof,  (b) with respect to any OTC Switch Product, the Party that did not (i)
offer the OTC  Switch Candidate  or (ii) acquire  an OTC  Switch Candidate  that
resulted  in such OTC Switch Product, (c)  with respect to any product resulting
from the Glaxo Arrangement, any Party other  than W-L and (d) with respect to  a
product  described in Section 6.03, the Party which has not acquired the product
or is not considering the acquisition of the product described therein.
 
     'Operative Documents' shall  mean this Agreement,  the Wellcome  Standstill
Agreement,  the  W-L Standstill  Agreement,  the Representations  and Warranties
Agreement, the JV Implementation Agreements and all ancillary documents referred
to herein and therein to be executed pursuant to this Agreement.
 
     'Originating Party' shall  mean (a) with  respect to a  product, the  Party
which  made available to a JV Entity such product or any Line Extension thereof,
(b) with respect to any OTC Switch  Product, the Party that (i) offered the  OTC
Switch  Candidate or (ii) acquired an OTC Switch Candidate that resulted in such
OTC Switch Product,  (c) with respect  to any product  resulting from the  Glaxo
Arrangement,  W-L and (d) with  respect to a product  described in Section 6.03,
the Party which has  acquired the product or  is considering the acquisition  of
the product described therein.
 
     'OTC  Switch Candidate' shall  mean a prescription drug  product, a form of
which may potentially be sold, in the  opinion of the Originating Party and  for
one  or more specified indications, without the necessity of a prescription, but
shall not include OTC Zovirax, JV Prescription Zovirax or any product  resulting
from the Glaxo Arrangement.
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
     'OTC  Switch  Product'  shall  mean a  product  (including  line extensions
thereto) developed from an OTC Switch  Candidate or which may otherwise be  sold
without  the necessity of a  prescription other than OTC  Zovirax or any product
resulting from the Glaxo Arrangement.
 
     'OTC Zantac' shall  mean a form  of Zantac  which may be  sold without  the
necessity of a prescription.
 
     'OTC  Zovirax' shall mean a  form of Zovirax which  may be sold without the
necessity of a prescription.
 
     'Other European  Territory'  shall  mean  the  Territory  made  up  of  the
following countries: Austria, Finland, Iceland, Lichtenstein, Norway, Sweden and
Switzerland.
 
     'Party'  shall mean  Wellcome or  W-L or any  other Person  which becomes a
party hereto.
 
     'Permitted Liens' shall mean (i) any Lien for current taxes not  delinquent
or taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) other
Liens  incidental to the conduct of a  business or the ownership of property and
assets  which  were  not   incurred  in  connection   with  the  incurrence   of
Indebtedness,  and which  do not  in the  aggregate materially  detract from the
value of the  property or assets  or materially  impair the use  thereof in  the
operation of the business.
 
     'Permitted  Transfer' shall mean a  transfer of a Party's  interest in a JV
Entity or this Agreement in accordance with Article XII hereof.
 
     'Person' shall mean  any individual or  corporation, company,  partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity
of any kind.
 
     'Procedure  for Converting Net Sales' shall  mean, for the purposes of this
Agreement, the  following method  for converting  Net Sales  of JV  Prescription
Zovirax,  OTC Zovirax and  any OTC Switch  Product (or any  other amount) in any
Territory other than  the United States  into U.S. Dollars.  Net Sales shall  be
first  determined in the currency of the  country in which they are recorded and
then converted to its  equivalent in U.S. Dollars.  An average monthly  exchange
rate  shall be utilized for conversion  of major non-U.S. currencies which shall
be the sum of the 8:00 AM offered rates of exchange for each Business Day during
the month as quoted by Bank of New  York (or its successor, or other bank to  be
agreed  if Bank of New York does not  have a market in such currency) divided by
the number  of  Business Days  in  the month.  In  the case  of  minor  non-U.S.
currencies, the 8:00 AM offered rate of exchange on the last Business Day of the
current  and previous  monthly period  in which the  Net Sales  were recorded as
quoted by  the  aforesaid bank  shall  be used  to  compute an  average  monthly
exchange rate.
 
     'Profit  and Loss' shall mean, in the case of each JV Entity, collectively,
(i) Net  Sales,  less  (ii)  the aggregate  of  the  items  of  (income)/expense
identified  on Schedule  1 hereto,  the result of  which, if  positive, would be
Profit or, if negative, would be Loss.
 
     'Ranitidine' shall mean, the pharmaceutical compound
N-[2-[[[5-[(demethylamino)methyl]-2-furanyl]methyl]thio]ethyl]-N'
- -methyl-2-nitro-1,  1-ethenediamine  and   its  hydrochloride  salt;   provided,
however,  that for the  avoidance of doubt, this  definition shall not encompass
Ranitidine Bismuth Citrate.
 
     'Ranitidine  Bismuth  Citrate'  shall  mean  the  pharmaceutical   compound
N-[2-[[[5-[(dimethylamino)methyl]2-furanyl]methyl]thio]ethyl]-N'
- -methyl-2-nitro-1, 1-ethenediamine 2-hydroxy-1,2,3-propanetricarboxylate bismuth
(3+) complex.
 
     'Regulatory  Approval' shall  mean the receipt  of final  approval from all
relevant governmental and other authorities to make, use and sell in a  relevant
Territory the product in respect of which approval was sought, together with all
appropriate and reasonably acceptable pricing approvals.
 
     'Remainder  of the  World' shall mean  all countries other  than the United
States.
 
     'Representations and Warranties Agreement'  shall mean the  Representations
and Warranties Agreement entered into by W-L and Wellcome, dated the date hereof
and  identified as Exhibit A in the  Supplemental Document Package or such other
agreement containing representations and  warranties as may  be entered into  by
the  Parties or  any of  their respective  Affiliates in  substantially the form
thereof with such alterations thereto as may be contemplated herein or  therein,
as the case may be.
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
     'Special  Profit and Loss' shall mean, in  the case of each JV Entity, with
respect to OTC Zovirax  in the United  States or any OTC  Switch Product in  the
United  States or the  Remainder of the  World, each individually,  Net Sales of
such product less  the sum of  (i) the items  of (income)/expense identified  on
Schedule  1 hereto relating to such  product (except those items delineated with
the letter 'A') and (ii) the  Administrative Services Allocation, the result  of
which,  if positive, would be  Special Profit or, if  negative, would be Special
Loss.
 
     'Strategic Plan' shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.
 
     'Supplemental  Document  Package'  shall  mean  those  Operative  Documents
substantially  the form of which has been agreed upon by the Parties and certain
schedules referred to herein.
 
     'Taxes' shall mean taxes or other levies and assessments, including income,
profits, capital gain,  franchise, excise, sales,  use, transfer,  registration,
customs,  value  added,  withholding,  occupation,  property,  payroll  or other
governmental levies, including any penalties or interest thereon.
 
     'Territory' shall mean the  country, countries or territory  in which a  JV
Entity may operate or in which the Parties have agreed in principle to form a JV
Entity.
 
     'U.K.   GAAP'  shall  mean  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  as
prevailing from time to time in the United Kingdom.
 
     'United States'  shall  mean the  fifty  states  of the  United  States  of
America, the District of Columbia and U.S. military bases worldwide.
 
     'U.S.   GAAP'  shall  mean  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  as
prevailing from time to time in the United States.
 
     'U.S. Partnership' shall mean Warner  Wellcome Consumer Health Products,  a
Delaware  general partnership  formed by  W-L and  BW Consumer  Products Inc., a
Delaware corporation and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Wellcome, as the JV
Entity in the United States.
 
     'Variable Profit Contribution' shall mean (i)  Net Sales less (ii) the  sum
of  Cost  of Goods  Sold, Freight,  Promotional Allowances  (as those  terms are
defined in Schedule 1) and broker or other sales commissions.
 
     'Wellcome Contributed Business' shall  mean the business presently  engaged
in  by Wellcome  and its Affiliates  in the relevant  Territories of developing,
marketing, distributing and  selling the non-prescription  consumer health  care
products currently marketed or under development by it and which, as to the Core
Territory,  are set forth in Schedule 1.01(a) (including JV Prescription Zovirax
to the extent set forth therein) to the Supplemental Document Package and  which
will be identified in each JV Implementation Agreement to the extent appropriate
for  the  relevant JV  Entity, together  with all  Line Extensions  thereof, but
excluding export business to a  Territory with respect to  which there is no  JV
Implementation Agreement.
 
     'Wellcome  Intellectual Property Agreement' shall  mean any agreement under
which Wellcome or  any of  its Affiliates makes  available patents,  trademarks,
know-how  and  other intellectual  property  rights in  substantially  the forms
identified as Exhibits B and C in the Supplemental Document Package, as the same
may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Wellcome Manufacturing and Supply Agreement' shall mean any  Manufacturing
and Supply Agreement to be entered into by Wellcome or any of its Affiliates and
a  JV  Entity  in  substantially  the  form  identified  as  Exhibit  D  in  the
Supplemental Document Package, as the same may be amended from time to time.
 
     'Wellcome Marketing,  Services and  Development Agreement'  shall mean  any
Marketing,  Services and Development Agreement to be entered into by Wellcome or
any of its Affiliates and  a JV Entity in  substantially the form identified  as
Exhibit  E in the Supplemental Document Package, as the same may be amended from
time to time.
 
     'Wellcome Regulatory Documentation'  shall mean  all regulatory  documents,
clinical   studies  and  tests,  including  without  limitation,  all  new  drug
applications,  abbreviated   new   drug   applications,   drug   master   files,
correspondence with appropriate regulatory agencies (registrations and licenses,
regulatory  drug  lists,  advertising and  promotion  documents),  adverse event
files, complaint files and manufacturing
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
records relating  to  products in  the  Wellcome Contributed  Business  and  OTC
Zovirax  which are  reasonably necessary  or appropriate  to the  conduct of the
business of the JV Entity.
 
     'Wellcome  Standstill  Agreement'  shall   mean  the  Wellcome   Standstill
Agreement  dated as of the  date hereof, as the same  may be amended or modified
from time to time.
 
     'W-L Contributed Business' shall mean the business presently engaged in  by
W-L  and its  Affiliates in the  relevant Territories  of developing, marketing,
distributing and  selling the  non-prescription  consumer health  care  products
currently  marketed  or  under development  by  it  and which,  as  to  the Core
Territory, are  set  forth in  Schedule  1.01(b) to  the  Supplemental  Document
Package  and which will be identified in each JV Implementation Agreement to the
extent appropriate for the relevant JV Entity, together with all Line Extensions
thereof, but excluding  export business  to a  Territory with  respect to  which
there is no JV Implementation Agreement.
 
     'W-L  Intellectual Property Agreement' shall mean any agreement under which
W-L or any of its Affiliates  makes available patents, trademarks, know-how  and
other  intellectual property rights relating to a JV Entity in substantially the
form identified as Exhibits B and C in the Supplemental Document Package, as the
same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'W-L Manufacturing and Supply Agreement'  shall mean any Manufacturing  and
Supply  Agreement to be  entered into by W-L  or any of its  Affiliates and a JV
Entity in substantially  the form identified  as Exhibit D  in the  Supplemental
Document Package, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'W-L   Marketing,  Services  and  Development  Agreement'  shall  mean  any
Marketing, Services and Development Agreement to  be entered into by W-L or  any
of  its  Affiliates and  a JV  Entity  in substantially  the form  identified as
Exhibit E in the Supplemental  Document Package, as the  same may be amended  or
modified from time to time.
 
     'W-L   Regulatory  Documentation'  shall  mean  all  regulatory  documents,
clinical  studies  and  tests,  including,  without  limitation,  all  new  drug
applications,   abbreviated   new   drug   applications,   drug   master  files,
correspondence with appropriate regulatory agencies (registrations and licenses,
regulatory drug  lists,  advertising  and promotion  documents),  adverse  event
files, complaint files and manufacturing records relating to products in the W-L
Contributed  Business  which  are  reasonably necessary  or  appropriate  to the
conduct of the business of the JV Entity.
 
     'W-L Standstill Agreement' shall mean the W-L Standstill Agreement dated as
of the date hereof, as the same may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Zantac' shall  mean a  product containing  Ranitidine; provided,  however,
that  for the avoidance of doubt, this definition shall not encompass Ranitidine
Bismuth Citrate.
 
     'Zovirax' shall mean a product containing 9-(2-hydroxyethoxymethyl) guanine
and all pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof.
 
     'Zovirax Intellectual  Property' shall  have the  meaning provided  in  the
Zovirax License Agreement.
 
     'Zovirax  License Agreement' shall mean any license agreement to be entered
into by Wellcome or any of its  Affiliates and a JV Entity in substantially  the
form  identified as Exhibit F in the  Supplemental Document Package, as the same
may be amended or modified from time to time.
 
     'Zovirax Patent  Expiration' shall  mean April  22, 1997,  or such  earlier
date,  if any, that  the claim(s) relating  to the compound  itself contained in
United States  Patent Number  4,199,574 relating  to Zovirax  shall be  declared
invalid  by a court of competent  jurisdiction, which declaration shall be final
and not the subject of further appeal.
 
     SECTION  1.02.  Terms  Generally.  The  definitions  in  Section  1.01  and
elsewhere  herein shall apply equally  to both the singular  and plural forms of
the terms  defined. The  words 'include',  'includes' and  'including' shall  be
deemed  to be followed by the phrase 'without limitation'. All references herein
to Articles,  Sections, paragraphs,  clauses, Exhibits  and Schedules  shall  be
deemed  references  to  Articles,  Sections,  paragraphs  and  clauses  of  this
Agreement and Exhibits and Schedules included in the
 
                                       7
 
<PAGE>
Supplemental Document Package (except for Schedule  1 which shall be a  Schedule
to this Agreement) unless the context shall otherwise require.
 
                                   ARTICLE II
                                    CLOSINGS
 
     SECTION  2.01. Closings. Each  closing of the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement in respect of a Territory (each a 'Closing') shall take place  at
the  offices  of either  Cravath, Swaine  & Moore,  Worldwide Plaza,  825 Eighth
Avenue, New York, New York or McKenna & Co., Mitre House, 160 Aldersgate Street,
London, England, or at such other place as the Parties may agree on dates to  be
agreed  upon by the  Parties, as promptly as  practicable following agreement by
the Parties on the  form and content  of a JV  Implementation Agreement and  all
Operative  Documents relating thereto for that Territory and the satisfaction or
waiver of all of  the conditions set  forth in Article XI  hereof in respect  of
such Territory, but in no event later than ten Business Days (as measured in the
jurisdiction of the Closing) thereafter (the 'Closing Date').
 
     SECTION  2.02. Core Territory. (a)  This Agreement, the Wellcome Standstill
Agreement, the  W-L Standstill  Agreement,  the Representations  and  Warranties
Agreement  relating to JV Business to be  conducted in the United States, Canada
and Australia, and the  U.S. Partnership Agreement  and the Operative  Documents
referred  to therein (such  Partnership Agreement and  Operative Documents to be
effective January 1, 1994) are being signed  on the date hereof. In addition,  a
Closing  in  respect  of  Australia  and Canada  will  be  effected  as  soon as
practicable following January 1, 1994.
 
     (b) Upon the Parties' agreement, if any, as to the form and content of  the
relevant  JV Implementation Agreement and other Operative Documents, the receipt
of any  rulings  required prior  to  the  execution of  such  JV  Implementation
Agreement  and the  required transfer  of any  business, the  relevant Operative
Documents shall be  executed and thereafter  there shall be  a Closing upon  the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Wellcome's and W-L's obligations set
forth  in  Article  XI  hereof for  each  of  the other  countries  in  the Core
Territory, at  which time  the relevant  JV Implementation  Agreements shall  be
executed  and delivered  and the relevant  Governing Boards of  such JV Entities
shall be established.
 
     (c) In the event that a Closing has not occurred in respect of each of  the
countries in the EC Territory and the Other European Territory prior to December
31, 1995, the Parties will explore alternative methods of conducting JV Business
in  those countries. In the event alternative methods cannot be agreed upon, the
Parties shall  consider whether  the JV  Entities previously  established  shall
continue  and  the appropriateness  of modifying  existing arrangements.  In the
event the Parties agree to withdraw from the JV Entities previously established,
the methodology by which that shall  be accomplished will be negotiated in  good
faith by the Parties.
 
     (d)  Notwithstanding any provision  in this Agreement  to the contrary (but
without prejudice to Article IX), the Parties are not entering into any  legally
binding  arrangements in relation to the establishment of the JV Entities in the
EC Territory and Other  European Territory. It is  the intention of the  Parties
that   any  JV  Implementation  Agreement  with  regard  to  the  aforementioned
Territories will be entered into in accordance with the principles set forth  in
this Agreement where practicable.
 
     SECTION  2.03. Subsequent Closings. (a) JV Entities shall be established by
the Parties in such countries  in the Non-Core Territory  as and when agreed  by
the  Parties from time  to time at  such time as  the relevant JV Implementation
Agreements have been  executed and  delivered and  the conditions  set forth  in
Article  XI  herein  and any  other  conditions  set forth  in  the  relevant JV
Implementation Agreements have been satisfied or waived.
 
     (b) The  Parties shall  investigate the  formation of  JV Entities  in  the
countries  in the Non-Core Territory during the period ending December 31, 1995.
The Parties intend, without being legally bound, to maintain their businesses in
those countries as  they relate  to the marketing  of non-prescription  consumer
health care products reasonably intact through such date or such earlier time as
the Parties may agree for the purpose of facilitating such investigation.
 
                                       8
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 2.04. Deemed Closing Date of U.S. Partnership. For purposes of this
Agreement,  references to a Closing Date shall  be deemed to refer to January 1,
1994, in the case of the U.S. Partnership.
 
                                  ARTICLE III
                       MANAGEMENT OF JV ENTITIES; FUNDING
 
     SECTION 3.01.  Management of  the  JV Entities.  Subject to  the  oversight
responsibilities  of the relevant Governing Board  and the requirements of local
law, the day-to-day operations of each JV  Entity shall be managed by a  General
Manager.
 
     SECTION 3.02. Governing Boards; Membership; Powers. (a) The Governing Board
of  each  JV  Entity shall  consist  of seven  members,  four of  whom  shall be
representatives of W-L and three of  whom shall be representatives of  Wellcome,
and  in the case of the  Governing Board for the JV  Entity operating in each of
the United  States  and Canada  and  the holding  company  for the  JV  Entities
operating  in the  EC Territory  and the  Other European  Territory, the members
shall be the same individuals, unless  otherwise agreed by the Parties.  Subject
to  local law, such representatives shall serve  or designate others to serve on
the relevant  Governing  Boards  of  JV  Entities to  be  formed  in  all  other
Territories  to be agreed upon by the Parties in accordance with this Agreement.
Each Governing  Board  will  be  responsible for  the  strategic  direction  and
oversight  of the  operations of  the relevant  JV Entity.  Each Governing Board
shall  have  a  Chairman  who  shall  be  designated  by  W-L  from  among   its
representatives.  Subject to  local law,  each Party  may designate  one or more
alternate representatives by notice to the other Party to act in the absence  of
a  representative. The  participation and acts  (including the  execution of any
document) by any alternate representative shall be  deemed to be the act of  the
representative  for  whom  the  alternate  representative  is  acting  (and  any
alternate representative of the Chairman of  the Governing Board shall have  all
the  powers of  the Chairman of  the Governing  Board in each  case) without any
evidence of  the  absence  or  unavailability of  such  representative  (or  the
Chairman  of the Governing Board).  In the event of  the removal, resignation or
death of any representative of either  Party, the vacancy thereby created  shall
be filled by the Party which designated the representative so removed, resigning
or deceased.
 
     (b)  Subject to  local law,  the Governing Boards  shall act  only upon the
unanimous written consent of the representatives  without a meeting or upon  the
majority  vote of the representatives at a  meeting thereof at which a quorum of
the representatives is present; provided, however, that:
 
          (i) subject in the case of subparagraphs (A) and (B) to Section  5.04,
     the  following issues shall, subject  to local law, be  decided only by the
     vote of at least 85% of all representatives:
 
             (A) material  acquisitions (subject  to each  Party's rights  under
        Article  VI) or divestitures  by any JV  Entity, or a  series of related
        divestitures which taken together would be material, it being understood
        that the divestiture of any single product brand in any country shall be
        deemed material;
 
             (B) material  transactions, or  a  series of  related  transactions
        which taken together would be material, between any JV Entity and either
        Party  or  their  Affiliates,  other  than  a  transaction  described in
        subparagraph (A)  of  this  Section 3.02(b)(i),  any  JV  Implementation
        Agreement or any other Operative Document;
 
             (C)  subject to  Section 3.06(a),  that component  of any Strategic
        Plan or  Annual  Operating  Plan  or  amendment  thereto  affecting  the
        manufacture,  development, sale or marketing of JV Prescription Zovirax,
        OTC Zovirax  or any  OTC Switch  Product as  to which  Wellcome was  the
        Originating Party;
 
             (D)  admission to  any JV  Entity of any  Person other  than W-L or
        Wellcome  or  any  of  their  wholly  owned  (directly  or   indirectly)
        Affiliates;
 
             (E)  the issuance  of any  equity interest  in a  JV Entity  to any
        Person (other than qualifying shares required by local law to be held by
        a member of the Governing Board of a JV Entity);
 
                                       9
 
<PAGE>
             (F) any  act to  dissolve any  JV  Entity or  to terminate  any  JV
        Business other than pursuant to Article XIV hereof;
 
             (G)  the dismissal or appointment  of a Certified Public Accountant
        or auditor with respect to a JV Entity or a change in Fiscal Year for  a
        JV Entity; and
 
             (H)  any amendment to the memorandum  or articles of association or
        similar constituent document of a  JV Entity, or any material  amendment
        to an Operative Document to which a JV Entity is a party.
 
     For  purposes of subparagraphs  (A) and (B)  of this clause  (i) only those
acquisitions, divestitures or transactions (other than a divestiture  (including
out licenses) of a single product brand as set forth in subparagraph (A) of this
Section  3.02(b)(i)) involving a  purchase price, or,  in the case  of a license
transaction, payments other than those calculated on the basis of product  sales
(e.g.,  up-front fees and milestone  payments), in excess of  5% of Net Sales of
the relevant JV Entity for the preceding Fiscal Year shall be deemed material.
 
          (ii) Subject to local law and  clause (i) above, each Governing  Board
     by simple majority vote shall have the power to, among other things:
 
             (A)  approve the nomination  by W-L of the  General Manager and the
        chief financial officer of each JV Entity for the purpose of  conducting
        the day-to-day operations of such JV Entity;
 
             (B)  subject to Section 3.02(b)(i)(C), approve the Annual Operating
        Plan and  Strategic Plan  or any  amendment thereto  of a  JV Entity  as
        proposed by JV Management;
 
             (C)  consistent  with  Section  3.08,  approve  all  proposals  for
        financing of the operations of such JV Entity;
 
             (D) consistent  with Section  4.02(b), approve  the making  of  any
        distribution  by a  JV Entity  to any  of its  partners, shareholders or
        parties in interest; and
 
             (E) consider  and  coordinate any  cross-border  issues,  including
        sales  of products between  JV Entities, the  utilization of alternative
        manufacturing  sites  (subject  to  the   terms  of  any  relevant   W-L
        Manufacturing  and Supply Agreement or Wellcome Manufacturing and Supply
        Agreement), reliance  on another  JV  Entity's regulatory  licenses  and
        other sales, marketing and regulatory issues.
 
     (c) No JV Entity shall be charged for any expense based on the depreciation
of  a capital expenditure (within the meaning of  U.S. GAAP or U.K. GAAP, as the
case may be) relating  to the JV Business  which capital expenditure shall  have
been  incurred  with  respect to  a  project  or a  series  of  related projects
commenced by either  Party after the  date of this  Agreement which  expenditure
exceeds $5 million unless such expenditure has been approved by the other Party.
For  the avoidance of doubt, any capital expenditures in respect of a project or
a series of related projects commenced prior to the date hereof shall be  deemed
approved by the other Party.
 
     SECTION  3.03. Quorum; Notice; Meetings. The governing documents of each JV
Entity shall require, subject to local  law, the personal presence of not  fewer
than  three representatives including at  least one representative designated by
Wellcome and two representatives  designated by W-L to  constitute a quorum  for
the  transaction of business at  any meeting of the  Governing Board for such JV
Entity. In addition,  any representative may  call a meeting  of such  Governing
Board,  and  written notice  specifying  any matters  to  be considered  at such
meeting and accompanied by supporting documentation (which notice may be  waived
by  any  representative  representing  the  other  Party  consenting  thereto in
writing), shall be given to all representatives at least ten Business Days prior
to such  meeting or  such longer  period  as may  be required  by law.  For  all
purposes,  subject  to  local  law, each  representative  shall  have  one vote.
Meetings of each Governing  Board shall be  held not less  often than once  each
Fiscal  Quarter. Each Party shall use reasonable efforts to ensure the existence
of a quorum at any duly convened meeting of a Governing Board and that no  other
steps  are  taken  which  might  reasonably be  expected  to  impede  the proper
management of any JV Entity.
 
     SECTION   3.04.   Designation   of   New   Representatives   or   Alternate
Representatives. Any Party may at any time, by written notice to the other Party
and to the relevant Governing Board of any JV Entity,
 
                                       10
 
<PAGE>
remove  (with or without cause) one or  more of its representatives or alternate
representatives on any such Governing Board and designate new representatives or
alternate representatives. No representative or alternate representative may  be
removed except by the Party designating the same.
 
     SECTION 3.05. Other Positions of Representatives. Any Person may act in one
or  more of the capacities of representative or alternate representative, member
of any committee or officer, director, manager  or employee of any JV Entity  or
any Party, notwithstanding that such Person acts in any other such capacity.
 
     SECTION 3.06. Annual Operating Plans; Incentive Compensation Plans; Initial
Plans; Plan Compliance. (a) The General Manager of each JV Entity shall cause to
be  submitted  to the  Governing Board  of each  JV Entity,  (i) not  later than
December 1 in each year or such date as may be otherwise agreed by the Governing
Board, for  review and  approval, an  annual operating  plan for  the  following
Fiscal  Year including, among other things, projections and budgets with respect
to  Cost  of  Goods   Sold,  sales,  operating   income,  cash  flows,   capital
expenditures, financing, developing and marketing activities for the relevant JV
Business  and integrating each  product line therein  (each an 'Annual Operating
Plan') and (ii) not  later than April  1 in each year,  for a three-year  period
commencing  with the following Fiscal Year,  a strategic plan covering strategic
business issues to be addressed for  such period (each a 'Strategic Plan',  with
the  Annual Operating Plan and the Strategic Plan being hereinafter collectively
referred to as the 'Plans').  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the initial  Annual
Operating  Plan  and Strategic  Plan,  respectively, for  a  JV Entity  shall be
prepared and  submitted to  the  Governing Board  within  three months  and  six
months,  respectively, following the  Closing of the  relevant JV Implementation
Agreement.   Notwithstanding  Section  3.02(b)(i)(C)  and  subject  to   Section
10.01(b),  in the  event of a  disagreement between  W-L and Wellcome  as to any
aspect of the Plans  for any period affecting  the supply, development, sale  or
marketing  of JV Prescription Zovirax in the Remainder of the World, OTC Zovirax
or any OTC Switch Product as to  which Wellcome was the Originating Party,  only
those  provisions of such Plans  as shall have been  approved or proposed by the
representatives of Wellcome  on the Governing  Board of the  relevant JV  Entity
shall be implemented.
 
     (b)  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (including,
without limitation, Sections  3.06(a) and  5.04), no Plan  or component  thereof
shall  be  approved or  implemented which  unreasonably discriminates  among the
following product categories: (i) products resulting from the Glaxo Arrangement,
(ii) OTC Zovirax and JV Prescription Zovirax, (iii) OTC Switch Products and (iv)
all other products included in the respective Contributed Businesses or acquired
or developed by the relevant JV Entity subsequent to the date hereof.
 
     (c)  With  respect  to  each  JV  Entity,  there  shall  be  an   incentive
compensation  plan for all management employees whose principal responsibilities
relate to  operations  of such  JV  Entity. Such  plan  shall be  based  on  the
performance  of the JV Entity and shall  set forth, among other things, monetary
incentives for such employees for the purpose of increasing the productivity and
profitability of such JV Entity.
 
     (d) The provisions of the first  such Strategic and Annual Operating  Plans
insofar  as they  relate to  OTC Zovirax  shall be  prepared by  the relevant JV
Entity and insofar as they  relate to JV Prescription  Zovirax or an OTC  Switch
Product  of which Wellcome is the Originating  Party shall be prepared by or for
Wellcome.
 
     (e) Where any  obligation in this  Agreement or any  Operative Document  is
expressed to be of an Affiliate of W-L or Wellcome, then W-L or Wellcome, as the
case may be, shall assure that such Affiliate complies with such obligation and,
in  the case of financial obligations, hereby  guarantees to the other Party the
performance thereof (or,  in lieu  of its  guarantee, Wellcome  may procure  the
guarantee  of  The  Wellcome  Foundation Limited).  Each  Party  shall  take all
reasonable steps to ensure, insofar as it is able, that each JV Entity  complies
with all approved Plans and Operative Documents, including this Agreement.
 
     SECTION  3.07.  No Remuneration.  Unless  the Parties  otherwise  agree, no
Person shall be entitled to any fee, remuneration or compensation in  connection
with  their service as a representative, alternate representative or as a member
of any committee of the Governing Board.
 
                                       11
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 3.08. Funding. (a) W-L and Wellcome hereby agree to make  available
such  funds or  other property  as may be  agreed upon  to be  necessary for the
conduct of the JV Business by each JV Entity in accordance with the relevant  JV
Implementation Agreement and sound commercial principles.
 
     (b)  No JV Entity  shall incur or  suffer to exist  any Indebtedness except
borrowings to  finance net  working  capital needs  as  contemplated by  the  JV
Entity's  Annual  Operating  Plan,  or  borrowings  in  accordance  with Section
4.02(b). Such financing needs may be changed from time to time as agreed by  the
Parties.  In the case  of the U.S.  Partnership, to the  extent practicable, W-L
shall make  such  Indebtedness available  as  loans bearing  interest  at  W-L's
commercial  paper rate. In the  case of the JV Entities  in the EC Territory and
the Other  European Territory,  W-L  and Wellcome  will make  such  Indebtedness
available  through  appropriate  bank  facilities.  In  the  case  of  all other
countries, to  the  extent  practicable,  the  Party  making  treasury  services
available  shall make such  Indebtedness available as  loans bearing interest at
the rate incurred by the Party in  respect of short-term debt in the country  in
which  the  JV  Entity operates.  In  the event  either  Party is  able  to make
Indebtedness available at a lower rate than that offered by the other Party,  it
shall have the right to do so.
 
     (c)  The incurrence  of a  Loss by  a JV  Entity for  any period  shall not
require any capital or other contribution by a Party to such a JV Entity, unless
required by local law or the relevant JV Implementation Agreement.
 
     SECTION  3.09.  Governance;  Percentage   Interest  of  Wellcome  in   U.S.
Partnership.  If Wellcome's share of the  Profits (including Wellcome's share of
Glaxo Profits and Losses) of the U.S.  Partnership equals or exceeds 50% of  the
total  Profits (including all Glaxo Profits  and Losses) of the U.S. Partnership
over a period consisting of eight consecutive Fiscal Quarters, Wellcome may give
written notice to W-L within 90 days after the end of such eighth Fiscal Quarter
that it wishes to renegotiate the  provisions for governance of the JV  Entities
as  set forth herein. Following  receipt of such notice,  W-L and Wellcome shall
negotiate in good faith for a period  of up to 60 days an appropriate  amendment
to  the provisions of this Article III to  permit a greater role for Wellcome in
the governance of the  JV Entities. If  the Parties are  unable to agree  within
such  60-day period, Wellcome shall have (as  its exclusive remedy) the right to
exercise the remedies contained in Sections  14.04(a)(i) and (ii), as applicable
(treating the U.S. Partnership and all JV Entities in the Remainder of the World
as Affected JV Entities), using the time periods set forth therein and as if any
period specified for the cure of dissatisfaction had expired.
 
     SECTION 3.10. Expenses of JV Entities; Adjustments. (a) In connection  with
products  and  services  to  be  supplied  pursuant  to  the  various  Operative
Documents, each of the JV  Entities shall be charged  with the items of  expense
identified  as items one  through ten of  Schedule 1 hereto  (as those items are
more fully  explained  in  said  Schedule and  the  relevant  JV  Implementation
Agreements and the Operative Documents relating thereto).
 
     (b)  Except as provided in  Section 6.03(b), to the  extent that a Party or
any of its Affiliates provides products, services,  or the use of property to  a
JV  Entity or makes charges at a price that includes (i) in the case of products
or services,  a  mark-up over  the  Fully Allocated  Cost  of such  products  or
services,  (ii)  royalties (other  than  third-party royalties  and  the royalty
payable to  Wellcome pursuant  to  Section 4.04  hereof)  or lease  payments  in
respect  of the use of property in excess  of Fully Allocated Cost, or (iii) any
other charge  in excess  of the  Fully Allocated  Cost thereof,  the  respective
interests  of the Parties in  the Profits and Losses of  such JV Entity shall be
adjusted in such manner that, when combined with such mark-ups, royalties, lease
payments, or other charges in excess  of Fully Allocated Cost, the total  amount
received  by and allocated to each Party  in excess of Fully Allocated Cost (the
'Actual Allocation') shall  conform to the  allocation principles prescribed  in
Section  4.02 (the 'Prescribed Allocation'). In  the event the Parties have been
unable to agree within 90 days after the end of any Fiscal Year upon the  amount
of adjustment to conform the Actual Allocation to the Prescribed Allocation, the
Parties shall submit the matter for resolution to an accounting firm selected by
the  then Certified Public Accountants for each Party. The decision of that firm
shall be  binding  upon, and  non-appealable  by,  the Parties.  Based  on  that
decision  (or in the  event the Parties  shall have agreed,  their decision) the
Parties shall negotiate to determine  the appropriate method of adjustment  and,
failing  agreement,  within 30  days the  Party  that has  received or  has been
allocated an amount  greater than it  should have received  or should have  been
allocated (the 'Adjusting Party') shall pay to the
 
                                       12
 
<PAGE>
appropriate  JV Entity  the excess  of such  Party's Actual  Allocation over the
amount it would have received  under the Prescribed Allocation for  distribution
in  accordance with  Section 4.02  and this Section.  The Parties  agree, to the
extent practicable,  to minimize  and balance  such mark-ups,  royalties,  lease
payments,  and other charges to  minimize variances in any  Fiscal Year from the
allocation principles set forth in Section 4.02 and this Section.
 
     SECTION 3.11.  Deliberations. The  deliberations  of each  Governing  Board
shall  not extend to any  business activity of the Parties  other than as may be
necessary  to  perform  their  responsibilities   in  connection  with  the   JV
Businesses.
 
     SECTION  3.12. Bank Accounts.  To the greatest  extent practicable, each JV
Entity shall keep its funds separate from those of any other Person (other  than
another JV Entity) maintaining its own depositary, banking and similar accounts.
Unless  otherwise agreed  by the  Parties, to  the extent  that funds  of any JV
Entity are held by one of the Parties or an Affiliate as a result of  collection
or  otherwise, such Party or Affiliate shall pay over the funds to the JV Entity
within 5 Business Days of  receipt and shall pay to  such JV Entity interest  on
such  funds beginning the date following receipt by such Party or Affiliate. The
rate paid will be an appropriate and equitable publicly available rate for short
term investments in  the relevant currency  in the respective  country which  is
agreed to by the JV Entity and the Parties. In the United States, the rate to be
used  will be the Goldman  Sachs 30 Day Commercial Paper  Index in effect on the
days the funds are held.
 
                                   ARTICLE IV
                            OPERATIONS; JV ENTITIES
 
     SECTION 4.01. General. The JV Business shall be conducted by JV Entities to
be established  from  time  to time  by  the  Parties in  accordance  with  this
Agreement and the relevant JV Implementation Agreements and Operative Documents.
 
     SECTION  4.02. Form and Structure of  JV Entities. The Parties hereto agree
that:
 
          (a) The JV  Entity which will  conduct the JV  Business in the  United
     States  will be the U.S. Partnership, in the  EC Territory and in the Other
     European Territory  it  is intended  that  the  JV Entities  will  be  held
     principally  through a U.K. holding company and it is intended that such JV
     Entities and holding company will where possible under local law be capable
     on the relevant Closing Date of being classified as partnerships for United
     States Federal income tax purposes, in Canada will be a partnership and  in
     Australia  will be a corporation, and the nature of the entity constituting
     each JV Entity in the Non-Core Territory shall be determined by the Parties
     taking into consideration  relevant tax,  accounting and  legal issues  and
     shall be in accordance with Section 15.04 and the Operative Documents.
 
          (b)  Subject to applicable requirements of law, tax considerations and
     the provisions of  the Operating  Plan, unless otherwise  agreed, the  U.S.
     Partnership  will distribute an  amount equal to  Profits quarterly, and in
     other countries in the Remainder of the World, the relevant JV Entity  will
     distribute or otherwise make available an amount equal to Profits annually,
     all  in accordance with the order of priority and allocation of profits and
     losses set  forth  in  paragraph  (c).  Additional  cash  on  hand  may  be
     distributed  or otherwise made available as  agreed upon by the Parties. In
     the event that  there is insufficient  cash to fully  distribute an  amount
     equal to Profits, such cash may be borrowed if agreed by the Parties or the
     Parties may agree upon an alternative arrangement.
 
          (c)  Profits and Losses  of each JV Entity  shall be allocated between
     the  Parties  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  in  the  relevant   JV
     Implementation  Agreement. The principles (except as may be modified by the
     applicable JV Implementation Agreement) governing such allocation, shall be
     as follows:
 
             (i) Except  to the  extent adjusted  pursuant to  Article V,  Glaxo
        Profits and Losses shall be allocated as follows:
 
                (A) In the United States, 100% to W-L unless and until, pursuant
           to Article V, they shall be allocated 90% to W-L and 10% to Wellcome;
           and
 
                                       13
 
<PAGE>
                (B)  In  the Remainder  of  the World,  90%  to W-L  and  10% to
           Wellcome.
 
             (ii) Special Profits and Losses attributable to OTC Zovirax in  the
        United States shall be allocated as follows:
 
                (A)  In the  event an NDA  Approval for OTC  Zovirax is received
           prior to  Zovirax  Patent  Expiration  with  at  least  one  year  of
           Exclusivity  from the Launch Date (which Launch Date must occur prior
           to such Patent Expiration), in any Fiscal Year:
 
                    (1) Special Profits shall be  allocated (x) 75% to  Wellcome
               and  25% to W-L  to the extent  that such Special  Profits do not
               exceed 20% of the Net Sales of OTC Zovirax in the United  States;
               and (y) 66-2/3% to Wellcome and 33-1/3% to W-L to the extent that
               such  Special Profits exceed 20% of  the Net Sales of OTC Zovirax
               in the United States; and
 
                    (2) Special Losses  shall be allocated  75% to Wellcome  and
               25% to W-L.
 
                (B)  In the  event (1)  an NDA Approval  for OTC  Zovirax is not
           received prior to Zovirax Patent Expiration with at least one year of
           Exclusivity from the Launch Date (which Launch Date must occur  prior
           to  such Patent Expiration), or (2)  the Parties agree that there are
           not reasonable  prospects  for the  prospective  Launch Date  of  OTC
           Zovirax  occurring prior to  Zovirax Patent Expiration  with at least
           one year of Exclusivity, as the case may be, either Party may give to
           the other Party written notice within 90 days after the occurrence of
           either of such events that it wishes to commence negotiations of  the
           allocation  set forth in  subparagraph (c)(ii)(A) of  this Section to
           provide for an increased allocation of Special Profits or a decreased
           allocation  of  Special  Losses  to  W-L.  The  determination  of  an
           increased  allocation of Special Profits or a decreased allocation of
           Special Losses  to W-L  shall  be negotiated  with reference  to  the
           extent  to which the  value of OTC  Zovirax has been  impaired by the
           failure (x) to have  obtained such approval  prior to Zovirax  Patent
           Expiration  or (y) to  have enjoyed at least  one year of Exclusivity
           from the Launch  Date, as  the case  may be.  In the  event that  OTC
           Zovirax  is not expected to  be approved in the  United States in the
           foreseeable future  following receipt  of the  aforesaid notice,  the
           Parties  shall renegotiate  an increased allocation  of Base Business
           Profits or  a  decreased  allocation of  Base  Business  Losses  with
           reference  to the extent to which  the projected value of OTC Zovirax
           will be impaired by the failure to be so approved.
 
                (C) In the event the Cost of Goods Sold (excluding  intercompany
           markups)  of the U.S. Partnership for  OTC Zovirax exceeds 25% of Net
           Sales in the United  States of OTC Zovirax  for any Fiscal Year,  the
           Parties  shall negotiate  in good  faith a  different allocation from
           that set forth  in subparagraph  (c)(ii)(A) for that  Fiscal Year  in
           order  to provide  an increased  allocation of  Special Profits  or a
           decreased allocation of Special Losses to W-L for that Fiscal Year.
 
             (iii) Special Profits  and Losses  attributable to  the OTC  Switch
        Products of a JV Entity shall be allocated as follows:
 
                (A)   Special  Profits  shall  be   allocated  (x)  75%  to  the
           Originating Party and 25% to the Non-Originating Party to the  extent
           that  such Special Profits do not exceed  20% of the Net Sales of the
           OTC Switch Product; and (y) 66-2/3% to the Originating Party and  33-
           1/3%  to the Non-Originating Party to the extent such Special Profits
           exceed 20% of the Net Sales of the OTC Switch Product; and
 
                (B) Special Losses  shall be  allocated 75%  to the  Originating
           Party and 25% to the Non-Originating Party.
 
                (C)  Any form of Zovirax  to the extent that  it is changed from
           prescription to non-prescription status (other than a  three-gram-or-
           less  cream formulation in the countries of the Core Territory (other
           than the United States)) will be treated, if Wellcome determines that
           such product is to be marketed as a consumer health care product,  as
           an  OTC Switch  Candidate in the  Remainder of the  World and Special
           Profits and Losses  therefrom shall be  allocated in accordance  with
           subparagraphs    (A)    and   (B)    above,    respectively,   except
 
                                       14
 
<PAGE>
           that a cream formulation larger than three grams having an indication
           for use  with cold  sores in  the  Remainder of  the World  shall  be
           contributed  by Wellcome to  the relevant JV  Entity upon change from
           prescription to non-prescription status  and the Special Profits  and
           Losses  attributable thereto shall be allocated 50% to W-L and 50% to
           Wellcome, subject to  the royalty  obligations set  forth in  Section
           4.04 hereof.
 
                (D)  In the event the Cost of Goods Sold (excluding intercompany
           markups) of a JV Entity for an OTC Switch Product exceeds 25% of  Net
           Sales  of the  OTC Switch  Product for  any Fiscal  Year, the Parties
           shall negotiate in good  faith a different  allocation from that  set
           forth  in subparagraph (A) or (B) above for that Fiscal Year in order
           to provide an increased allocation of Special Profits or a  decreased
           allocation  of Special Losses  to the Non-Originating  Party for that
           Fiscal Year.
 
             (iv) Base Business Profits and Losses  of the JV Entities shall  be
        allocated to the Parties as follows:
 
                (A)  In the case of the  U.S. Partnership, Base Business Profits
           and Losses shall be allocated 67%  to W-L and 33% to Wellcome  during
           the two-year period ending on the day prior to the second anniversary
           of  the  Closing  Date  for  the  U.S.  JV  Implementation Agreement.
           Thereafter, Base Business Profits and  Losses shall be allocated  70%
           to W-L and 30% to Wellcome.
 
                (B) In the case of the JV Entities in the other countries in the
           Core  Territory, Base Business Profits  and Losses shall be allocated
           50% to  W-L  and  50%  to  Wellcome.  W-L  shall  have,  directly  or
           indirectly, 51% of the voting power and Wellcome shall have, directly
           or indirectly, 49% of the voting power of each such JV Entity.
 
                (C)  Subject to Section 4.03, in the  case of JV Entities in the
           Remainder of the World, excluding  those in the Core Territory,  Base
           Business  Profits and Losses shall be allocated 50% to W-L and 50% to
           Wellcome. W-L shall have 51% of  the voting power and Wellcome  shall
           have 49% of the voting power of each such JV Entity.
 
             (v)  The Export Profit  and Loss realized  by a JV  Entity shall be
        allocated between the  Parties in accordance  with the allocation  ratio
        applicable  to the profit and  loss on such product  in the Territory or
        Territories in which the ultimate sale to a third party takes place.
 
             (vi) The income, gain, deduction or  loss of each JV Entity from  a
        sale, exchange or other disposition of Wellcome Contributed Business, or
        any  portion  thereof,  or  W-L  Contributed  Business,  or  any portion
        thereof, shall be allocated 30% to Wellcome and 70% to W-L to the extent
        that such sale, exchange or other  disposition is of such businesses  in
        the  United States, 50%  to Wellcome and  50% to W-L  to the extent that
        such sale, exchange  or other  disposition is  of such  business in  any
        other country in the Core Territory and shall be allocated in proportion
        to the allocation of Base Business Profits and Losses to the extent that
        such  sale, exchange or  other disposition is of  such businesses in the
        Remainder of  the World  (other than  the Core  Territory). The  income,
        gain, deduction or loss of each JV Entity from a sale, exchange or other
        disposition  of  OTC  Switch  Products shall  be  allocated  75%  to the
        Originating Party  and 25%  to the  Non-Originating Party.  The  income,
        gain, deduction or loss of the U.S. Partnership from a sale, exchange or
        other disposition of OTC Zovirax in the United States shall be allocated
        75%  to Wellcome and 25% to W-L. To  the extent that any interest in the
        Glaxo Arrangement is held by a JV Entity, the income, gain, deduction or
        loss of such  JV Entity from  a sale, exchange  or other disposition  of
        such interest in the Glaxo Arrangement, or any portion thereof, shall be
        allocated  90% to W-L and 10% to Wellcome (unless such profit allocation
        shall have previously been adjusted  pursuant to Article V), other  than
        any  product which  utilizes the Zantac  trademark but  does not contain
        Ranitidine which shall be allocated in accordance with the allocation of
        Base Business Profits  and Losses  set forth in  Section 4.02(c)(iv)  of
        this Agreement.
 
     SECTION  4.03.  Equitable Adjustment.  (a) To  the  extent Closings  in the
countries in the  Core Territory  (other than the  United States)  do not  occur
simultaneously resulting in an inequitable division
 
                                       15
 
<PAGE>
of  Profits  and  Losses,  the  Parties agree  to  negotiate  in  good  faith an
appropriate adjustment  to  account  for  such  difference  in  timing  of  such
Closings.
 
     (b) In the event that the profits projected by either Party to be generated
from  the Wellcome Contributed Business and the W-L Contributed Business for any
JV Entity in the Remainder of the  World, excluding the EC Territory, the  Other
European  Territory, Australia and Canada, are  such that an approximately 50-50
profit split with respect to such JV Entity would be inequitable, then upon  the
proposed  formation  of the  relevant JV  Entity, the  Parties shall  attempt to
negotiate an appropriate division  of Base Business Profits  and Losses and  the
relevant  JV Entity shall not  be formed unless and  until such division of Base
Business Profits and Losses is agreed  upon by the Parties. In determining  such
an  appropriate division pursuant  to this Section 4.03,  the Parties shall take
into account such  considerations as may  be deemed to  be relevant,  including,
without  limitation, any Net Sales of OTC Zovirax and JV Prescription Zovirax on
which no royalties were payable pursuant to Section 4.04.
 
     SECTION 4.04. Zovirax Arrangements.  (a) To the  extent that Direct  Profit
Contribution  of OTC Zovirax and JV Prescription Zovirax in the EC Territory and
Other European Territory, collectively, calculated  solely for purposes of  this
clause,  for each of the two twelve-month periods following the Closing Date for
the JV  Implementation  Agreement  for  the  EC  Territory  and  Other  European
Territory,
 
          (i)  is 110% or more than the relevant twelve-month period's Benchmark
     Direct Profit Contribution Target,  50% of the  difference between (x)  the
     actual  amount  of such  Direct  Profit Contribution  and  (y) 110%  of the
     Benchmark  Direct  Profit  Contribution  Target,  shall  be  paid  by   the
     appropriate JV Entity to Wellcome; or
 
          (ii)  is 90% or less than the relevant twelve-month period's Benchmark
     Direct Profit Contribution Target, 50% of the difference between (x) 90% of
     the Benchmark Direct Profit Contribution  Target and (y) the actual  amount
     of  such  Direct Profit  Contribution,  shall be  paid  by Wellcome  to the
     appropriate JV Entity.
 
     The Benchmark Direct Profit Contribution  Target for any Fiscal Year  shall
be  adjusted  to  pro  rate  the  dollar  amount  thereof  over  the  applicable
twelve-month period.
 
     (b) Commencing with each full Fiscal Year following the second twelve-month
period referred to in  paragraph (a), or  any stub period  following the end  of
such twelve-month period until the commencement of the first Fiscal Year, to the
extent that the aggregate Net Sales of OTC Zovirax (including cream formulations
as  to which  Profits and Losses  are allocated 50%  to W-L and  50% to Wellcome
pursuant to  Section 4.02(c)(iii)(C))  and  JV Prescription  Zovirax by  all  JV
Entities  collectively in the Remainder of the World exceed U.S. $125 million in
any Fiscal  Year (pro  rated in  the case  of any  stub period),  as  calculated
pursuant  to the Procedure for Converting  Net Sales, Wellcome shall be entitled
to a royalty of 15% on Net Sales  of OTC Zovirax and JV Prescription Zovirax  in
the  Remainder  of the  World for  any such  Net  Sales in  excess of  U.S. $125
million. The obligation to pay any  such royalty shall be apportioned among  the
various  JV Entities  in such  reasonable manner as  the Parties  may agree. The
aforesaid $125 million sales base shall be changed in each Fiscal Year following
the Fiscal Year in which  OTC Zovirax and JV  Prescription Zovirax sales in  the
Remainder  of the World exceed such amount by a percentage which shall equal the
percentage change in the Nominal Price Index (1985=100), Expenditure on  Medical
Goods  -- Total Pharmaceutical Value in Current Prices (NCV) (or any replacement
index) published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or
any successor organization after adjusting such index to exclude (to the  extent
practicable)  the component attributable to the United States and any country in
which no JV Entity operates.
 
     (c) In the event of termination in Canada pursuant to Section  14.02(b)(i),
the U.S. $125 million threshold set forth in Section 4.04(a) shall be reduced by
application  of the following formula:  (i) the Net Sales  of OTC Zovirax and JV
Prescription Zovirax in  Canada during  the immediately  preceding Fiscal  Year,
shall  be divided by (ii) the total Net Sales of OTC Zovirax and JV Prescription
Zovirax in the Remainder  of the World during  the immediately preceding  Fiscal
Year  with the  result being  multiplied by  (iii) U.S.  $125 million, provided,
however, that no such reduction shall exceed $25 million.
 
                                       16
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 4.05.  Management  of  JV  Entities. W-L  will  nominate,  and  the
relevant  Governing  Board may  appoint pursuant  to  Section 3.02(b)  hereof, a
General Manager and  a chief financial  officer of each  JV Entity. The  General
Manager  shall have day-to-day  operational responsibility for  the JV Entity to
which his appointment relates.
 
     SECTION  4.06.  Operations  to  be  Conducted  in  Accordance  with  Annual
Operating  Plan and  Direction of the  Relevant Governing  Board. The day-to-day
operations of each JV Entity shall be conducted by the relevant General  Manager
in  accordance with the Annual Operating Plan of such JV Entity and otherwise as
directed by  the relevant  Governing  Board. For  the  avoidance of  doubt,  the
Parties  agree that none of the actions  referred to in Section 3.02(b) shall be
taken by any JV Entity without the  approval of the relevant Governing Board  in
accordance with that Section.
 
     SECTION  4.07. Asset  Contributions. In order  to permit JV  Business to be
conducted by the  JV Entities,  the Parties  have agreed  or will  agree in  the
relevant  JV Implementation Agreements as to  the manner in which certain assets
to be employed  in the JV  Business will be  made available to  the relevant  JV
Entities. For such purposes in respect of a country in the Non-Core Territory or
to  the extent not  previously agreed upon in  respect of a  country in the Core
Territory, the Parties  agree that such  assets shall be  made available on  the
following basis:
 
          (a)  only  those tangible  assets  agreed by  W-L  and Wellcome  to be
     necessary to conduct such JV Business shall be made available;
 
          (b) intellectual property rights shall  be made available pursuant  to
     the  Wellcome  Intellectual  Property Agreement  and  the  W-L Intellectual
     Property Agreement;
 
          (c) to the  extent commercially  practicable, registrations,  licenses
     and  similar  rights from  governmental authorities  relating to  a product
     included in  the  Wellcome  Contributed Business  or  the  W-L  Contributed
     Business,  as the  case may be,  shall be assigned  to a JV  Entity or will
     otherwise be made available to such entity  to permit it to conduct the  JV
     Business  in the relevant Territory subject to  the payment of the costs of
     such transfer  by the  relevant JV  Entity, provided,  however, that  where
     either  Party  or its  Affiliates  makes available  any  such registration,
     license or other similar right, it shall use reasonable efforts to maintain
     the same in full force and  effect subject to compliance in full  therewith
     by  the relevant JV Entity and the payment by the relevant JV Entity of all
     costs relating thereto and the provision of such data and other information
     as may be necessary or required by any authority in order to maintain  such
     status;
 
          (d)  all contracts to the extent a  part of or related to the Wellcome
     or W-L Contributed  Businesses shall  be assigned or  the benefits  thereof
     otherwise made available in accordance with Section 10.08 unless identified
     in an Operative Document as not being assigned or made available; and
 
          (e)  no inventory or  receivables shall be transferred  to a JV Entity
     except to the extent required to minimize tax on the transferring party  in
     connection with the organization of the JV Entity or to satisfy other legal
     requirements,  and  in  any  such  case the  Parties  shall  agree  upon an
     equitable method  by which  the JV  Entity's acquisition  thereof shall  be
     funded, if necessary.
 
     SECTION  4.08.  Management Standards.  Subject  to the  supervision  of the
relevant Governing Board,  W-L will use  its reasonable best  efforts to  assure
that  the administration and  management of each  JV Entity is  carried out in a
competent, professional and timely manner  with reasonable skill and care.  With
respect  to any  Operative Document between  a JV Entity  and W-L or  one of its
Affiliates, any decision made or consent given by or on behalf of the JV  Entity
shall be made or given on an arm's-length basis.
 
                                   ARTICLE V
 
              GLAXO ARRANGEMENT AND WELLCOME PROFIT PARTICIPATION
 
     SECTION  5.01. Treatment  of Glaxo  Arrangement. W-L  has entered  into the
Glaxo Arrangement and  Wellcome shall  determine within  45 days  from the  date
hereof  whether it  objects to  participation in  the Glaxo  Arrangement. In the
absence  of  a  written  objection,  Wellcome  shall  acquire  the  rights   and
obligations  to participate in  the development, marketing  and sale of products
pursuant to the Glaxo
 
                                       17
 
<PAGE>
Arrangement, including, without limitation, the payment obligations set forth in
Section 5.02 and  shall participate in  Glaxo Profits and  Losses in  accordance
with  Section 5.03. In the event such written objection is given, Wellcome shall
have no right to participate in the Glaxo Arrangement. Absent such objection  in
respect of the United States, the Glaxo Arrangement will be assigned to the U.S.
Partnership and in all other Territories the Parties' participation in the Glaxo
Arrangement will be in a form and manner to be agreed upon by the Parties.
 
     SECTION  5.02. Payments. (a) Upon the transfer  of the OTC Zantac rights in
the United States  pursuant to Section  5.01(a), Wellcome shall  fund an  amount
equal to 30% of W-L's share of all Glaxo Development Costs incurred prior to NDA
Approval  of OTC Zantac for the development  of OTC Zantac in the United States.
Wellcome shall also be responsible for 30%  of and W-L shall be responsible  for
70%  of the milestone  payments of U.S.  $2.666 million and  U.S. $2.666 million
paid pursuant to the Glaxo  Arrangement by the U.S.  Partnership or W-L, as  the
case  may be,  in connection with  the development  of OTC Zantac  in the United
States pursuant  to  the Glaxo  Arrangement.  Any amounts  payable  by  Wellcome
pursuant  to this Section 5.02 shall be increased to reflect the financing costs
of any payments previously made by W-L  pursuant to the Glaxo Arrangement at  an
assumed  annual interest rate on  such payments from the  date of payment by W-L
through the date of payment  by Wellcome pursuant to  this Section equal to  the
prime  rate charged from  time to time  by Citibank, N.A.  In the event Wellcome
shall so elect pursuant to Section 5.02(b), amounts payable by Wellcome pursuant
to this Section 5.02(a) shall not exceed U.S. $6.5 million.
 
     (b) At such  time as Wellcome  payments pursuant to  Section 5.02(a)  equal
U.S.  $6.5 million,  Wellcome shall have  the right, exercisable  by delivery of
written notice to W-L within 60 days  of its last payment and following  receipt
from  W-L  of  such information  as  shall  be necessary  to  reach  an informed
decision, to renegotiate  Wellcome's liability for  Glaxo Development Costs  and
Wellcome's  participation in Glaxo Profits and Losses attributable to OTC Zantac
in the United States.  Absent the delivery of  written notice of such  election,
Wellcome  shall continue to be  responsible for 30% of  W-L's share of all Glaxo
Development Costs  incurred for  the development  of OTC  Zantac in  the  United
States (including line extensions, other dosage forms and other indications) and
shall be entitled to the allocation of Glaxo Profits and Losses set forth in the
first sentence of Section 5.03(b) hereof.
 
     SECTION   5.03.  Wellcome   Profit  Participation   and  Development  Costs
Obligations. The participation by Wellcome in the Glaxo Arrangement will be upon
the following terms:
 
          (a) With respect to  OTC Zantac in the  United States, all income  tax
     deductions  and credits attributable  to the costs  of development shall be
     allocated to W-L and Wellcome in proportion to their respective funding  of
     such costs as provided in the U.S. Partnership Agreement.
 
          (b)  With respect to OTC  Zantac in the United  States in the event of
     NDA Approval of OTC Zovirax and  NDA Approval of OTC Zantac, Glaxo  Profits
     and  Losses shall thereafter be  allocated 90% to W-L  and 10% to Wellcome;
     provided, however, in the event  Wellcome shall renegotiate, or failing  to
     have  reached  an agreement  within  60 days  of  the commencement  of such
     renegotiation,  elect,  pursuant  to  Section  5.02(b)  to  cap  its  Glaxo
     Development  Cost  obligations, the  aforesaid  10% Glaxo  Profit  and Loss
     allocation shall  be  reduced  by the  negotiated  percentage  or,  failing
     agreement,  the  result  (the  'Profit  Percentage')  of  multiplying  such
     allocation by a fraction equal to  the ratio which U.S. $6.5 million  bears
     to the total Glaxo Development Costs incurred and paid by W-L, Wellcome and
     the  JV  Entity up  to the  date of  NDA  Approval of  OTC Zantac,  if any.
     Wellcome's obligation to  fund Glaxo Development  Costs incurred after  the
     date  of  NDA Approval  of OTC  Zantac shall  also be  reduced by  the same
     proportion.
 
          (c) With respect to all products which utilize Ranitidine sold by a JV
     Entity pursuant to  the Glaxo Arrangement  in the Remainder  of the  World,
     Wellcome  shall fund  an amount equal  to 30%  of W-L's share  of all Glaxo
     Development Costs, and Glaxo Profits and Losses attributable thereto  shall
     be allocated 90% to W-L and 10% to Wellcome.
 
          (d)  With respect to all products which do not contain Ranitidine sold
     by a JV Entity  pursuant to the Glaxo  Arrangement, Wellcome shall fund  an
     amount  equal  to  10%  of  W-L's  share  of  all  Glaxo  Development Costs
     attributable thereto  and shall  be  entitled to  the allocation  of  Glaxo
     Profits  and Losses set  forth in Section 5.03(c)  hereof unless the Zantac
     trademark is utilized in
 
                                       18
 
<PAGE>
     connection with the sale of any product which does not contain  Ranitidine,
     in  which case the  Glaxo Profits and Losses  attributable thereto shall be
     allocated in accordance with  the allocation of  Base Business Profits  and
     Losses  set  forth  in  Section 4.02(c)(iv)  of  this  Agreement  and Glaxo
     Development Costs shall be shared on the same basis.
 
          (e) Except as  provided in paragraph  (f) below, in  the event of  NDA
     Disapproval  of OTC Zantac, Wellcome shall not be entitled to reimbursement
     of any  amounts  paid  to W-L  or  contributed  to a  JV  Entity  as  Glaxo
     Development  Costs and milestone  payments pursuant to  Section 5.02 hereof
     but shall  retain its  interest  in the  Glaxo Arrangement,  including  its
     interest  in Glaxo  Profits and  Losses attributable  to OTC  Zantac in the
     United States which shall be allocated in the manner set forth in paragraph
     (b) above.
 
          (f) With respect to  OTC Zantac and any  other product resulting  from
     the Glaxo Arrangement in the United States, in the event of NDA Disapproval
     of OTC Zovirax, Wellcome shall relinquish any further interest in the Glaxo
     Arrangement,  and, except as hereafter provided, Wellcome shall be entitled
     to reimbursement by W-L of all amounts paid by it pursuant to Section  5.02
     hereof,  such amounts to be increased to reflect the financing costs of any
     such payments from the date of  original payment by Wellcome at an  assumed
     annual  interest rate on such payments equal to the prime rate charged from
     time to time by Citibank, N.A., provided, however, that if NDA  Disapproval
     of  OTC Zovirax shall  occur after NDA Disapproval  of OTC Zantac, Wellcome
     shall not be entitled  to reimbursement by  W-L of any  amounts paid by  it
     pursuant to Section 5.02 hereof.
 
          (g)  For purposes of this Section  5.03, NDA Disapproval of either OTC
     Zovirax or OTC Zantac  shall mean the absence  of any reasonable  prospects
     for  the issuance of NDA  Approval prior to January  1, 1999, or such other
     date as  may be  mutually agreed  upon by  the Parties.  In the  event  W-L
     commences termination proceedings pursuant to Section 14.02, Wellcome shall
     have no further right to participate in OTC Zantac in the United States.
 
     SECTION  5.04. Control  of Glaxo Arrangement  Products. Notwithstanding any
provision in this Agreement to the contrary, it is expressly understood that all
decisions or  determinations  by any  JV  Entity relating  to  the  development,
marketing  and  sale  by a  JV  Entity of  a  product resulting  from  the Glaxo
Arrangement including,  without limitation,  OTC Zantac,  shall be  made by  the
Governing  Board of  the JV  Entity with the  representatives of  W-L having the
determinative vote.
 
                                   ARTICLE VI
 
                                  NEW PRODUCTS
 
     SECTION 6.01. Products Developed by the  Parties. Within six months of  the
Closing  Date for each  JV Entity, the  General Manager of  such JV Entity shall
present, for the review and approval of the relevant Governing Board the  budget
for  development and the  key development projects  to be undertaken  by such JV
Entity. The  expenses for  such development  shall be  borne by  each JV  Entity
unless  discontinued by  decision of its  Governing Board and  the Base Business
Profits and  Losses of  such  products shall  be  allocated in  accordance  with
Section 4.02(c)(iv).
 
     SECTION 6.02. OTC Switch Candidates. (a) The Parties may each develop other
prescription  drug  products  as  OTC Switch  Candidates  at  each  Party's sole
discretion and cost. Prior  to the date,  or not later than  ten days after  the
date  that the Originating Party files for Regulatory Approval for an OTC Switch
Candidate or  within ten  days following  notification after  the date  of  this
Agreement  that a prescription drug product may be offered without the necessity
of a  prescription, the  Originating Party  shall offer  to the  appropriate  JV
Entity,  by written notice,  such OTC Switch  Candidate for inclusion  in the JV
Business of such JV Entity. The  Non-Originating Party shall, within six  months
after  receipt of such  notice or promptly  following notice given  to it by the
Originating Party of Regulatory Approval,  whichever is earlier, decide  whether
or  not to  accept such  OTC Switch Candidate  as JV  Business on  behalf of the
appropriate JV Entity. If  the Non-Originating Party accepts  the product as  JV
Business  on behalf of  the JV Entity,  the Originating Party  shall supply such
product at its Fully Allocated Cost plus a reasonable mark-up agreed upon by the
Parties and such product shall be added to the relevant Manufacturing and Supply
Agreement and Intellectual  Property Agreement (subject  to pre-existing  rights
of, and contractual arrangements with third parties), as the case may be, and to
such other
 
                                       19
 
<PAGE>
Operative Documents as may be required and the Originating Party shall deliver a
certificate  to  the  Non-Originating  Party  confirming  such  matters  as  the
Non-Originating Party  may reasonably  request with  respect to  the OTC  Switch
Candidate. The Special Profit and Loss with respect to such OTC Switch Candidate
shall  be  allocated between  the Parties  in  the manner  set forth  in Section
4.02(c)(iii) and as provided for in the relevant JV Implementation Agreement. If
the Non-Originating Party does not accept  such product or does not give  notice
within  the applicable time period  referred to above and  such product does not
become part of  JV Business,  the Originating Party  may, for  its own  account,
license  such product to  a third party  for distribution or  sell its rights to
such product  to a  third  party. If  the  Originating Party,  after  reasonable
efforts  to  license or  sell such  product on  reasonable commercial  terms, is
unable to do so, such Party may  market such product pursuant to the  procedures
set  forth  in Section  6.03(b)(i). W-L  and Wellcome  shall discuss  OTC Switch
Candidates with each other  on a periodic  basis throughout the  term of the  JV
Entities,  such discussions to  be limited solely  to the potential  of such OTC
Switch Candidates to become OTC Switch Products.
 
     (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing  paragraph 6.02(a), an Originating  Party
may  propose to a Governing Board that an OTC Switch Candidate be developed by a
JV Entity. In the event the representatives of the Non-Originating Party on  the
relevant  Governing  Board shall  approve such  development, the  appropriate JV
Entity shall thereafter be  responsible for funding the  development of the  OTC
Switch  Candidate  upon  such terms  (including  funding) as  shall  be mutually
agreeable to the Parties.
 
     (c) Except  as provided  in Sections  6.03 and  6.04, neither  Party  shall
license  or  dispose of  the rights  to  market over-the-counter  a prescription
product except in connection with the bona fide disposition or licensing of  all
rights  to the  prescription product  without the  prior written  consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, of the other Party.
 
     (d) In the event any prescription product  which is owned by a Party or  as
to  which it holds the  distribution rights is the  subject of regulatory action
which permits the product to be sold without the necessity of a prescription, or
if sold without the necessity of a prescription but enjoying cost  reimbursement
advantages  loses such reimbursement advantages,  the Parties shall negotiate in
good faith  the treatment  of such  product as  an OTC  Switch Candidate  to  be
subject to the provisions of Section 6.02(a).
 
     SECTION  6.03. Acquisition by a Party. (a) After either Party acquires, or,
at the discretion of the Originating Party, before such Party acquires, directly
or indirectly,  any  business which  includes  non-prescription drugs  or  other
consumer  health care products, such Party  shall as promptly as possible inform
the other  Party and  the relevant  Governing Board  by written  notice of  such
acquisition  or proposed acquisition,  and the appropriate  JV Entity shall have
the exclusive right  to acquire  such non-prescription drugs  or other  consumer
health  care  products included  in such  business by  indicating its  desire to
acquire such products within 30 days after receipt of such notice. In the  event
that  the JV Entity delivers written notice to the Originating Party that the JV
Entity wishes to acquire any such  products, the JV Entity shall negotiate  with
the  Originating Party to acquire such products  on an arm's-length basis but in
any event on terms no less favorable than the terms on which they were  acquired
(to the extent determinable).
 
     (b)  If the  JV Entity declines  to acquire  such products or  is unable to
reach agreement within 30 days  after the date on  which such notice was  given,
the  Originating Party may acquire (if it has not already acquired) the products
and shall  (i)  offer to  supply  the JV  Entity  with such  products  at  Fully
Allocated  Cost  plus an  appropriate  mark-up agreed  upon  by the  Parties and
request that the JV Entity market such products on a basis which assures the  JV
Entity  receipt of its Fully Allocated Cost  in connection with the marketing of
such products, plus an  appropriate mark-up determined  by reference to  similar
products sold or supplied in the same market or markets, or (ii) sell or license
such products to a third party; provided, however, that if the Originating Party
offers to sell or license such products as set forth in clause (ii) to any third
party,  the Originating Party shall offer such terms to the JV Entity in writing
prior to  entering  into any  agreement  with such  third  party on  terms  more
favorable  than last offered to the JV Entity.  The JV Entity shall then have 30
days to accept or reject such offer.  If accepted, the Parties shall proceed  to
execute  a  marketing agreement,  a  purchase and  sale  agreement or  a license
agreement, as the case may be, and if rejected or if no response is given within
the 30-day
 
                                       20
 
<PAGE>
period, the Originating Party may enter  into an agreement with the third  party
on such terms. If the Originating Party is unable to agree with the JV Entity on
marketing  terms pursuant to clause (i) above or  to agree with a third party on
sales or license terms pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Originating Party  may
market such products itself.
 
     For  the purposes of this  Section 6.03, any actions to  be taken by the JV
Entity shall be taken by the Non-Originating Party on behalf of such JV Entity.
 
     SECTION 6.04. Acquisition by a JV Entity. If a JV Entity is considering the
acquisition  of,   directly  or   indirectly,   any  business   which   includes
non-prescription  drugs  or  other consumer  health  care products,  and  if the
relevant Governing  Board approves  such acquisition  for such  JV Entity,  such
business  and products shall  become part of  the JV Business.  If the Governing
Board determines that the JV Entity will not purchase such products and a  Party
thereafter  acquires  such products,  the  provisions of  Section  6.03(b) shall
apply.
 
     SECTION 6.05. Continuing Development. If a  product becomes part of the  JV
Business  pursuant to Section 6.02, 6.03 or 6.04, (i) any continuing development
of such product including, without limitation, any post-marketing  surveillance,
shall  be  funded by  the JV  Entity and  (ii)  each of  the Parties  shall make
available to  the  JV Entity  such  licenses related  to  and required  for  the
marketing  and sale of such product in  the relevant Territory as such Party may
hold.
 
     SECTION 6.06. Use of Information. For purposes of evaluating an OTC  Switch
Candidate  or developing and marketing an OTC  Switch Product, OTC Zovirax or JV
Prescription Zovirax, the  Originating Party  (or Wellcome  in the  case of  OTC
Zovirax  and  JV  Prescription Zovirax)  shall  (as required  elsewhere  in this
Agreement or as reasonably required to  make an informed decision in respect  of
an  OTC  Switch  Candidate)  provide information  relating  to  the formulation,
manufacture, use, safety, marketing or otherwise concerning such product to a JV
Entity or to the Non-Originating Party (or W-L in the case of OTC Zovirax and JV
Prescription Zovirax).  Such information  shall be  so provided  solely for  the
purposes  and business of the JV Entities as contemplated hereby (i.e., the non-
prescription consumer health care business and,  in the case of JV  Prescription
Zovirax,  prescription pharmaceutical business outside  the United States to the
extent specifically contemplated hereby) and for no other use and shall be  held
confidential  in accordance  with Section 15.11  of this  Agreement (but without
regard to the term of such Section 15.11).
 
                                  ARTICLE VII
 
                        MANUFACTURING; SUPPLY; SERVICES
 
     SECTION 7.01. Manufacturing and Supply. (a) The Parties agree that (i)  all
products will be manufactured by the Originating Party or its designee (each the
'Manufacturer'),  and (ii) upon shipment, the  Manufacturer shall invoice the JV
Entity for its Fully Allocated Cost of the products sold plus a mark-up, all  as
more  specifically set forth  in the relevant  Wellcome Manufacturing and Supply
Agreement or the W-L Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, as the case may be. The
Fully Allocated Cost of  any product manufactured by  any Person unrelated to  a
Party shall be the invoiced cost of such product.
 
     (b)  Any other materials required for  the wholesale or retail distribution
of products included  in JV Business  shall, subject to  any provisions of  this
Agreement  or the other Operative Documents to the contrary, be purchased by the
appropriate JV Entity from such sources and upon such terms as the JV Management
shall determine.
 
     (c) To the  extent there is  a material adverse  impact on a  JV Entity  or
either  Party due to a material change  in manufacturing production volumes as a
result of a marketing  decision, regulatory action or  other event, the  Parties
agree  to negotiate in good faith whether and to the extent an adjustment to the
Fully Allocated Cost of products sold  to mitigate such material adverse  impact
is appropriate.
 
     (d)  The Parties agree to negotiate in  good faith a method for reimbursing
the Parties for an  amount in excess of  normal depreciation charges on  capital
expenditures  related to  JV Business incurred  on projects  initiated after the
date of this Agreement.
 
                                       21
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION 7.02. Services. The  Parties agree that (i)  all services shall  be
provided  by W-L, Wellcome or a third party as designated by the Governing Board
of the JV  Entity (each  the 'Provider'), and  (ii) monthly  the Provider  shall
invoice  the JV Entity  for the Fully  Allocated Cost of  such services provided
pursuant to the relevant  Marketing, Services and  Development Agreement plus  a
mark-up  based on such costs, all as more specifically set forth in the relevant
Wellcome Marketing, Services  and Development  Agreement or  the W-L  Marketing,
Services and Development Agreement, as the case may be. The Fully Allocated Cost
of  any  services provided  by  any Person  unrelated to  a  Party shall  be the
invoiced cost of such service.
 
     SECTION 7.03.  Operating  Issues.  Each  Manufacturer  will  enter  into  a
Manufacturing  and  Supply Agreement  substantially  in the  form  identified as
Exhibit D in the Supplemental  Document Package, completed, among other  things,
by  the addition of schedules specifying  certain terms including the following:
(i) credit terms, (ii) currency, (iii) forecasting, (iv) carriage insurance, (v)
mode of transport,  (vi) place and  time of deemed  delivery and (vii)  interest
payable  on  overdue invoices,  such terms  to  be based,  to the  extent deemed
appropriate by the Parties, on existing operating practices of the  Manufacturer
or  its Affiliate subject to subsequent  agreement of the Parties and reflecting
the requirements of  applicable local law.  It is the  intention of the  Parties
that a Manufacturer or its Affiliate supplying Existing Products to a particular
Territory  prior  to the  Closing  shall continue  to  do so  subsequent  to the
Closing, it being understood that  such products may be sold  to a JV Entity  in
the  Territory  of  manufacture for  resale  by  another JV  Entity  outside the
Territory of  manufacture.  A Manufacturer  may  solicit and  receive  technical
support and assistance from W-L or Wellcome or an Affiliate or its own personnel
pursuant  to  and as  contemplated  by the  relevant  W-L or  Wellcome Marketing
Services and Development Agreement.
 
     SECTION 7.04.  Alternate  Manufacturing  Sites.  Subject  to  the  relevant
Manufacturing  and Supply Agreement, any decision to specify an alternative site
for the manufacturing by Manufacturer or an Affiliate of Manufacturer of one  or
more  Products  shall  be made  by  the Party  to  this Agreement  which  is the
Manufacturer or an Affiliate of the Manufacturer in question.
 
     SECTION 7.05. Audits and Inspections. In accordance with the provisions set
forth in  the relevant  Manufacturing  and Supply  Agreement or  the  Marketing,
Services  and  Development Agreement,  as the  case  may be,  the Party  to this
Agreement that is  neither Manufacturer  nor Provider nor  an Affiliate  thereof
shall  be entitled  to conduct all  audits and inspections  contemplated by such
agreement on behalf of the Purchaser.
 
                                  ARTICLE VIII
 
                               CHANGE OF CONTROL
 
     SECTION 8.01. Definition of Change  of Control; Response to Third  Parties.
(a)  In the event that  a third party acquires  after the date hereof beneficial
ownership (as defined below) of 30% or more of the voting capital of Wellcome or
W-L or,  after acquiring  30%  or more,  thereafter acquires  additional  voting
capital  resulting in beneficial ownership of 50%  or more of the voting capital
of Wellcome or  W-L, as  the case  may be (the  'Affected Party'),  a Change  of
Control  will  be deemed  to have  occurred.  For the  purposes of  this Section
8.01(a) with respect to a Change of Control of W-L, a Person shall be deemed  to
have  'beneficial ownership' of, and shall  be deemed to 'beneficially own', any
securities which such Person or any of its Affiliates is deemed to 'beneficially
own' within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of  1934
and  the  rules and  regulations thereunder.  For the  purposes of  this Section
8.01(a), a Change of Control of Wellcome will be deemed to have occurred in  the
event  that any  Person acquires,  whether by a  series of  transactions or not,
shares in the  capital of  Wellcome which (taken  together with  shares held  or
acquired by persons acting in concert with such Person) carry 30% or more or 50%
or  more, as the case may  be, of the voting rights  of Wellcome, all within the
meaning of Rule 9 of the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers issued by the  Panel
on  Takeovers and Mergers in London. It is expressly understood that the present
share ownership of The  Wellcome Trust does not  constitute a Change of  Control
for  purposes of this  Section 8.01, provided, however,  that any acquisition of
beneficial ownership by  a third  party of  shares hereafter  acquired from  The
Wellcome  Trust  shall be  subject  in all  respects  to the  Change  of Control
provisions of this Agreement.
 
                                       22
 
<PAGE>
     (b) Under no circumstances shall the Non-Affected Party inform, directly or
indirectly, any third party of what action the Non-Affected Party would or would
not take in the event of a Change  of Control until such time as such Change  of
Control  has occurred. The Non-Affected Party shall promptly notify the Affected
Party of any inquiries made by a third party (other than a regulatory authority)
relating to the subject of the preceding sentence.
 
     SECTION 8.02. Effect of Change of Control. In the event a Change of Control
of either Wellcome or  W-L shall occur, and  the Non-Affected Party believes  in
good  faith that such Change of Control is prejudicial to its interest in the JV
Entities, such  Party  shall have  the  option,  within 30  days  following  the
occurrence  of the event listed in Section  8.01(a), to exercise the rights with
respect to all JV Entities set  forth under Section 14.03(a)(i), (ii) and  (iii)
as if the cure periods of such Sections had expired in the case in which W-L was
the  Affected Party and to  exercise the rights with  respect to all JV Entities
set forth  in Section  14.04(a)(i)  and (ii)  as if  the  cure periods  of  such
Sections had expired in the case in which Wellcome was the Affected Party.
 
                                   ARTICLE IX
 
                         COVENANTS OF WELLCOME AND W-L
 
     From  and after the date of the  execution of a JV Implementation Agreement
through the Closing Date with respect to thereto, Wellcome and W-L shall  comply
with the following covenants for the Territory covered by such JV Implementation
Agreement;  provided, however,  that with respect  to the United  States, the EC
Territory, the Other European Territory, Australia and Canada, W-L and  Wellcome
shall  comply with the following covenants (other than Sections 9.04 and 9.07 in
the case of the EC  Territory and the Other  European Territory) from and  after
the   execution  of  this   Agreement  through  the  Closing   Date  of  the  JV
Implementation Agreements relating thereto.
 
     SECTION 9.01. Access.  Each Party  shall give to  the other  Party and  its
representatives   reasonable  access   during  normal  business   hours  to  the
properties, books and records of the other to the extent relating to the conduct
of the Wellcome  Contributed Business or  the W-L Contributed  Business, as  the
case  may be, and  furnish each other  with all such  information concerning the
Wellcome Contributed Business and the W-L Contributed Business, as the case  may
be, as such Party may reasonably request.
 
     SECTION  9.02. Financial  Information. Each Party  shall give  to the other
Party and its representatives the balance sheets, profit and loss statements and
other financial statements as are prepared in the normal course of such  Party's
business to the extent relating to the Wellcome Contributed Business and the W-L
Contributed  Business, as the case may be, and such other information concerning
the financial  condition  of  the  Wellcome Contributed  Business  and  the  W-L
Contributed  Business, as the case may be, as W-L or Wellcome, respectively, may
reasonably request. In  addition, each  Party shall  allow the  other Party,  at
reasonable  times  and  with  reasonable  notice,  to  have  a  Certified Public
Accountant audit such other Party's books  and accounts, at the sole expense  of
the  Party  requesting  such  audit,  to the  extent  relating  to  the Wellcome
Contributed Business or the W-L Contributed Business, as the case may be.
 
     SECTION 9.03.  Books  and  Records.  Wellcome and  W-L  shall  continue  to
maintain  the books, accounts  and records of  the Wellcome Contributed Business
and the W-L Contributed Business, as the case may be, in the usual, regular  and
ordinary  manner on a basis  consistent with prior years  and periods, except as
required by law or U.S. GAAP or U.K. GAAP, as the case may be.
 
     SECTION 9.04. Conduct of Business. (a)  Each Party shall (i) except in  the
ordinary  course of  its business  or pursuant  to this  Agreement or  any other
Operative Documents or with  the prior written consent  of the other Party,  not
sell or transfer or create a Lien on any of the Wellcome Contributed Business or
the W-L Contributed Business, as the case may be, or enter into any agreement or
arrangement  to do  the foregoing,  (ii) except  in the  ordinary course  of its
business or pursuant to the prior written consent of the other Party, not  enter
into  or renew any  material contract or  commitment, or engage  in any material
transaction,  relating  to  the  Wellcome   Contributed  Business  or  the   W-L
Contributed Business, as the case may be, (iii) except in the ordinary course of
its  business or pursuant to  the prior written consent  of the other Party, not
consent to  the  material amendment  or  termination of  any  material  contract
relating  to the Wellcome Contributed Business  or the W-L Contributed Business,
 
                                       23
 
<PAGE>
as the  case may  be, (iv)  except in  the ordinary  course of  its business  or
pursuant to the prior written consent of the other Party, not grant any material
new licenses under any of the products to be transferred to a JV Entity, (v) use
its  reasonable  best  efforts to  preserve  for  the JV  Business  the business
relations of the Wellcome Contributed Business or the W-L Contributed  Business,
as  the case  may be,  with suppliers, customers  and others,  and (vi) promptly
notify the other Party of any event which may have a material adverse effect  on
the  Wellcome Contributed Business or the  W-L Contributed Business, as the case
may be,  including, without  limitation,  any material  governmental  complaint,
investigation or hearing of which Wellcome or W-L has been advised.
 
     (b)  Any reference in this  Section 9.04 to the  written consent of a Party
shall be deemed to require that such consent not be unreasonably withheld.
 
     SECTION 9.05. Approvals  and Consents. Each  of the Parties  shall use  its
reasonable  best efforts to (i) obtain  all governmental approvals and consents,
if any,  necessary  or  desirable  for  the  consummation  of  the  transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement  and (ii) make or  cause to be  made any and all
declarations, filings  and registrations  with governmental  authorities,  which
approvals,  consents, declarations, filings and  registrations are agreed by the
Parties to be  reasonably necessary  or desirable  for the  consummation of  the
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
     SECTION  9.06.  Regulatory.  (a)  Wellcome shall  use  its  reasonable best
efforts to obtain all Regulatory Approvals required to market and sell all  oral
solid forms of Zovirax without a prescription in the United States indicated for
the  management of recurrent  genital herpes and  in the other  countries of the
Core Territory for the cream form of OTC Zovirax in three gram or less packaging
for the treatment of cold sores and shall bear all development expenses  related
thereto.  Wellcome shall promptly notify W-L each time it submits an application
for government registration or marketing approval for any Zovirax formulation to
be sold without  a prescription, shall  promptly notify W-L  of any  significant
action  taken  on  any such  application,  shall  promptly advise  W-L  when any
Regulatory Approval has been obtained and  shall keep W-L generally informed  of
such regulatory efforts by Wellcome.
 
     (b)  Each of the Parties shall, to  the extent necessary or appropriate, in
its reasonable  opinion, give  the other  Party and  any appropriate  JV  Entity
access  to all of  the Wellcome Regulatory Documentation  and the W-L Regulatory
Documentation, as the case may be.
 
     SECTION 9.07. Further Assurances. Each of  Wellcome and W-L shall take  all
reasonable  steps to  do or cause  to be done  such further acts  and things and
deliver or cause to  be delivered to  each JV Entity  and/or its designees  such
additional  assignments,  agreements, powers  and instruments  as the  JV Entity
and/or its designees  may reasonably  require or  deem advisable  to carry  into
effect  the purpose of this  Agreement and the Operative  Documents or to better
assure and confirm unto each JV  Entity and/or its designees its rights,  powers
and remedies hereunder and thereunder.
 
     SECTION  9.08.  Tax Matters.  Each Party  and  its Affiliates  shall render
reasonable cooperation to and assist the other Party and its Affiliates and each
JV Entity in  obtaining all desirable  rulings or consents  of the relevant  and
appropriate  tax authorities agreed by the Parties to be reasonably necessary in
order to  obtain  all  appropriate  tax  benefits  for  the  Parties  and  their
Affiliates,  and the  respective JV Entities  as contemplated herein  and in the
other Operative Documents.
 
     SECTION 9.09. Employees; Sharing of Certain Costs. (a) The identity of  the
employees  working for or  to be charged  to each JV  Entity shall be determined
mutually  by  the  Parties;  provided,  however,  that  in  the  event  of   any
disagreement between the Parties, the decision of W-L shall control.
 
     (b) If, solely as a result of the formation of a JV Entity in the Remainder
of  the World, the employment of an employee  of either Party or an Affiliate is
terminated (whether by the Party or the  Affiliate or a JV Entity) or  otherwise
ceases  by operation of law on or  immediately after such formation, the Parties
shall share equally all severance and  termination costs or compensation of  the
employer  in  respect of  such termination  or cessation.  For the  avoidance of
doubt, the employment of any employee who is transferred to an employer which is
an Affiliate of either  Party (including for this  purpose any JV Entity)  shall
not  be deemed to have been terminated.  All other costs or expenses relating to
the formation and operation  of JV Entities which  are incurred by either  Party
shall be borne by such Party.
 
                                       24
 
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE X
 
                   POST CLOSING COVENANTS OF WELLCOME AND W-L
 
     From  and after the Closing  Date with respect to  each JV Entity, Wellcome
and W-L shall  comply with the  following covenants for  the Territory in  which
such JV Entity operates.
 
     SECTION 10.01. Treatment of OTC Zovirax; Regulatory. (a) Wellcome shall use
its  reasonable  best efforts  to obtain  all  Regulatory Approvals  required to
market and sell all oral  solid forms of Zovirax  without a prescription in  the
United  States indicated for  the management of recurrent  genital herpes and in
each country in the Core Territory in  the Remainder of the World for the  cream
form  of OTC Zovirax in  three gram or less packaging  for the treatment of cold
sores and shall bear all development  expenses related thereto. The relevant  JV
Entity  shall be responsible for all pre-launch marketing and selling costs. For
the avoidance of doubt, expenses incurred  during periods when there are no  Net
Sales shall be treated as Losses. Following NDA Approval or Regulatory Approval,
as  the case  may be, of  OTC Zovirax,  any further development  of such product
shall be funded by the relevant JV Entity.
 
     (b) The Parties shall use their  reasonable best efforts to achieve  launch
for  OTC  Zovirax  in  the  United States  subsequent  to  NDA  Approval.  It is
understood that Wellcome shall be responsible for obtaining Regulatory  Approval
for  OTC Zovirax and shall have final approval of any decisions relating thereto
(including the Launch  Date thereof).  Wellcome shall promptly  notify W-L  each
time it submits an application for government registration or marketing approval
for  any  OTC  Zovirax formulation  to  be  sold without  a  prescription, shall
promptly notify W-L of any significant action taken on any such application, and
shall promptly advise  W-L when any  Regulatory Approval has  been obtained  and
shall keep W-L generally informed of such regulatory efforts by Wellcome.
 
     (c)  Subject to  Section 10.12,  the rights  disclosed pursuant  to Section
10.01(e), and  the  rights  of  third parties  in  Non-Core  Territories  to  be
disclosed prior to the Closing Date of the relevant JV Implementation Agreement,
Wellcome  shall  cause to  be granted  to  the relevant  JV Entity  an exclusive
license to use the Zovirax trademark (or,  if the Zovirax trademark is not  used
in  the relevant  country, the prescription  trademark used in  that country) in
connection with the marketing, selling or distribution of OTC Zovirax; provided,
however, that Wellcome shall not be bound to grant a license to use the  Zovirax
trademark  in respect of any Territory if  it can demonstrate, to the reasonable
satisfaction of W-L's representatives on the Governing Board of the relevant  JV
Entity,  a regulatory or compelling commercial  reason why such trademark should
not be used  in such Territory  and Wellcome  shall not itself  use the  Zovirax
trademark  or  such alternative  prescription trademark  in connection  with OTC
Zovirax, and shall not grant  to any other Person a  license to use the  Zovirax
trademark  in either case for the  non-prescription sale of consumer health care
products. In the event the Zovirax trademark is not used in a Territory pursuant
to the proviso of the preceding sentence, the Parties shall consult with respect
to the selection, development  and use of a  suitable alternative trademark  the
form and use of which shall be subject to Wellcome's approval.
 
     (d)  Wellcome will  not, and  will assure  that its  Affiliates do  not, do
anything which is likely to derogate from  the rights to be granted pursuant  to
the  Zovirax License  Agreements to  enjoy the  benefits of  OTC Zovirax thereby
conveyed or to impede the JV Entity's ability to realize such rights.
 
     (e) Subject to the rights of third parties in Core Territories existing  at
the  date of this Agreement  which have been disclosed to  W-L prior to the date
hereof, it is expressly understood by  the Parties that any Zovirax  formulation
or  indication to be  marketed and sold  without a prescription  in a country in
which a JV Entity has been established  shall be marketed and sold only  through
such JV Entity; provided, however, that Wellcome shall not be required to switch
any  products from the prescription to the non-prescription market except to the
extent set forth in Section 9.06(a) of this Agreement.
 
     SECTION 10.02. Further Assurances. (a) Each of Wellcome and W-L shall  take
all  reasonable steps to do or cause to be done such further acts and things and
deliver or cause to  be delivered to  each JV Entity  and/or its designees  such
additional  assignments,  agreements, powers  and instruments  as the  JV Entity
and/or its designees  may reasonably  require or  deem advisable  to carry  into
effect  the purpose of this  Agreement and the Operative  Documents or to better
assure and confirm unto each JV  Entity and/or its designees its rights,  powers
and remedies hereunder and thereunder.
 
                                       25
 
<PAGE>
     (b) Each of Wellcome and W-L shall continue to comply with the covenant set
forth in Section 9.06(b) of this Agreement.
 
     SECTION  10.03. Tax Matters. Each Party  and its Affiliates shall cooperate
fully with and assist the other Party  and its Affiliates and each JV Entity  in
obtaining  all desirable rulings or consents of the relevant and appropriate tax
authorities agreed by the Parties to be reasonably necessary in order to  obtain
all  appropriate  tax  benefits  for  the  Parties,  their  Affiliates  and  the
respective JV  Entities  as  contemplated  herein and  in  the  other  Operative
Documents.  Neither Party shall cause any tax election to be made by a JV Entity
which would have the effect of imposing a disproportionate liability for any tax
on the other Party or any of its Affiliates.
 
     SECTION 10.04. U.S. Export Controls Compliance; Restrictive Trade Practices
Act 1976. (a)  The Parties  acknowledge that  the products to  be sold  by a  JV
Entity  may be subject to  export controls on resales  and/or transfers to other
countries and  parties including  authorizations required  from the  appropriate
U.S.  government agency under the  laws and regulations of  the United States of
America. No  JV Entity  shall be  authorized to  act in  violation of  any  law,
including, without limitation, Part 769 of the Export Administration Regulations
of  the U.S. Department of Commerce and/or  agree to participate in a boycott as
defined in Section 999 of  the U.S. Internal Revenue  Code of 1986, as  amended.
Each of the Parties and their appropriate Affiliates shall assist the JV Entity,
as  requested and where  practicable, in seeking  U.S. government authorizations
for transactions subject to U.S. export control regulations.
 
     (b)  If  there  is  any  provision   of  this  Agreement,  or  of  any   JV
Implementation Agreement or other Operative Document which causes or would cause
this  Agreement or that Agreement  or other Operative Document  to be subject to
registration under the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1976 ('RTPA'), then  that
provision  shall  not  take  effect  until the  day  after  particulars  of such
Agreement or Operative Document (as the case may be) have been furnished to  the
Director General of Fair Trading pursuant to Section 24 RTPA.
 
     SECTION  10.05. JV  Entity Books  and Records; Audits.  (a) Each  of the JV
Entities shall maintain its books and  records in accordance with U.S. GAAP  and
in  sufficient detail to permit their conversion to U.K. GAAP by Wellcome and in
accordance with such other accounting principles  as may be required by the  law
of the jurisdiction in which such JV Entity is organized.
 
     (b)  Each of W-L and  Wellcome, on such occasions  as it may request, shall
have the right to have its Certified Public Accountants or its internal auditors
audit, examine or review the books, records and operations of each other to  the
extent relevant to the JV Business and of each JV Entity, but at the cost of the
Party requesting such audit, examination or review.
 
     (c)  Policies with  respect to internal  audit functions of  each JV Entity
shall be as determined by the General Manager of such JV Entity.
 
     (d) Each Party and its Affiliates shall provide, on a timely basis, each JV
Entity with information necessary to meet the requirements of Section 3.10(b).
 
     SECTION  10.06.  Intellectual   Property  Rights.  With   respect  to   the
intellectual  property  rights  included  in the  Wellcome  and  W-L Contributed
Business, Wellcome, W-L and each JV  Entity (i) shall, promptly following  their
becoming  aware thereof, notify the relevant  Governing Board of (A) any adverse
determination in any proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark Office
or United  States Copyright  Office  or comparable  foreign  bodies or  (B)  the
institution  of  any proceeding  or any  adverse  determination in  any Federal,
state, local or  foreign court  or administrative body  regarding Wellcome's  or
W-L's  claim  of  ownership in  or  right to  use  any  of the  Wellcome  or W-L
trademarks, patents, know-how or other intellectual property rights, their right
to register the  same, or  to keep and  maintain such  registration, (ii)  shall
properly  maintain  and  care  for the  Wellcome  and  W-L  trademarks, patents,
know-how or  other intellectual  property  rights owned  by  such Party  or  its
Affiliates  to  the  extent  necessary  for the  conduct  of  the  JV Businesses
(including, without limitation, by taking all reasonable legal action  necessary
to  protect  the  Wellcome  and  W-L  trademarks,  patents,  know-how  or  other
intellectual property  rights owned  by  such Party  or its  Affiliates  against
infringement  by third parties)  and (iii) shall  not permit to  lapse or become
abandoned, settle or  compromise any  pending or future  material litigation  or
material  administrative  proceeding  without first  having  consulted  with W-L
 
                                       26
 
<PAGE>
or Wellcome, as the case may be, as to the impact of the same on the relevant JV
Business, all  as  more  fully  set  forth  in  the  relevant  W-L  or  Wellcome
Intellectual Property Agreement.
 
     SECTION  10.07. Access. Each  Party shall give  to the other  Party and its
representatives  reasonable  access   during  normal  business   hours  to   the
properties, books and records of the other to the extent relating to the conduct
of  the Wellcome  Contributed Business or  the W-L Contributed  Business, as the
case may be,  and furnish each  other with  all such information  to the  extent
concerning  the Wellcome Contributed Business  and the W-L Contributed Business,
as the case  may be, as  such Party may  reasonably request and  which shall  be
necessary  for the conduct of the JV Business of any JV Entity after the Closing
Date.
 
     SECTION 10.08. Benefit of Contracts.  Wellcome and W-L recognize and  agree
that,  notwithstanding other provisions  of this Agreement  to the contrary, the
Parties may  identify contracts  the assignment  of which  are not  commercially
practicable  and third party consents  to the transfer, in  whole or in part, of
licenses, intellectual property rights and contracts which are necessary to  the
conduct  of the Wellcome  Contributed Business or  the W-L Contributed Business,
which consents may not  be obtainable or may  not be obtainable on  commercially
reasonable  terms  by the  Party responsible  therefor.  Such contracts  will be
identified to each of the Parties and in such circumstances, Wellcome or W-L, as
the case  may be,  or their  appropriate Affiliate,  shall for  the benefit  and
account  of  the appropriate  JV  Entity, act  under  such licenses,  rights and
contracts in the manner most effective under the circumstances so as to  provide
their  value and benefit to such JV Entity, in each case to the extent permitted
by law, and will evidence or confirm such arrangement to the extent requested by
the other Party or the JV Entity.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be  construed
as  an attempt to assign any such license,  right or contract to the extent such
assignment is not  permitted by law  or by the  terms of the  license, right  or
contract in question.
 
     SECTION  10.09. Use of Parent Names. (a) Except as otherwise agreed by each
of the Parties, the  name of each  JV Entity shall  be Warner Wellcome  Consumer
Health  Products, together with such identifier as  may be required by law. Each
of the  Parties acknowledges  that a  JV Entity  may in  its conduct  of the  JV
Business be required or may desire to use the corporate names of such Party, its
subsidiaries  and its divisions and the corporate logos of each and correlatives
of the same in labelling products included in the JV Business, and on stationery
and promotional materials of the JV Entity. Upon agreement as to such use,  such
Party  shall extend to each JV Entity a royalty free license for these purposes;
provided, however, that (i) the manner of  use made of such name or logos  shall
have  been approved in writing  in advance of its use  by the relevant Party and
(ii) in the event a Party and its  Affiliate cease to be participants in the  JV
Entity,  whether pursuant  to Article XIV  hereof or otherwise,  (x) the license
contemplated by this Section 10.09 shall immediately terminate, subject only  to
a  right of the  JV Entity to use  existing stocks of  labelling materials for a
period of  not more  than one  year from  the date  of such  termination  unless
otherwise  required by either Party which will  undertake to bear the expense of
any more restrictive  limitation and  (y) the  name of  the JV  Entity shall  be
changed  as promptly  as commercially practicable  to eliminate the  name of the
Party which has ceased to be a participant.
 
     (b) Subject  to  Section 10.09(a),  to  the  extent the  Parties  agree  to
register  the name  'Warner Wellcome'  in any  jurisdiction, such  name shall be
registered jointly  in  the  names  of  W-L  and  Wellcome  (or  any  respective
Affiliates designated by each) if authorized by applicable law or regulation. In
any jurisdiction where joint registration is not authorized by applicable law or
regulation,  registration  of  the name  'Warner  Wellcome' shall  be  made only
pursuant to such agreements  relating to joint  ownership, registration and  the
use thereof as are mutually agreed to by the Parties.
 
     SECTION 10.10. Competition. (a) Subject to the provisions of any agreements
which  exist on the date hereof and  local law in a particular country, Wellcome
and W-L each covenant  and agree that  for the term of  this Agreement and  each
Operative  Document, neither  it nor  any of  its Affiliates  shall, directly or
indirectly, compete with  the JV Business  of a  JV Entity in  the Territory  in
which  it  operates by  engaging in  the  non-prescription consumer  health care
business  by  manufacturing,   marketing,  selling   or  distributing   products
competitive  with those  of the  relevant JV  Business, in  each case  except as
otherwise provided  or contemplated  by this  Agreement or  any other  Operative
Agreement;  provided,  however,  that  this provision  shall  not  apply  to (i)
non-prescription consumer health care products
 
                                       27
 
<PAGE>
manufactured by either Party on the date hereof which have not been included  in
Schedules  1.01(b)  and  (c)  to  the  Supplemental  Document  Package  and line
extensions thereof (so long as such line extensions are not competitive with any
JV Business then conducted by a JV Entity; (ii) any products developed  pursuant
to  the Glaxo Arrangement; (iii)  manufacturing products for a  third party by a
Party to  the extent  no information  which is  proprietary to,  or  exclusively
licensed under an Intellectual Property Agreement, to a JV Entity is used in the
manufacturing   of  such  products;  or  (iv)  the  development,  manufacturing,
marketing, selling or distribution of  any non-prescription generic health  care
product  that is principally marketed,  sold or distributed through non-consumer
marketing channels. Except as  specifically provided herein  with respect to  JV
Prescription  Zovirax in the  Remainder of the World,  nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed to hinder, restrain or limit the ability of either Party or  any
of  its  Affiliates  to engage  in  the business  of  developing, manufacturing,
marketing, selling and distributing prescription pharmaceutical products in  any
Territory, as such business is now carried on or may hereafter develop.
 
     (b)  Assets have been or will be conveyed and licenses have been or will be
granted by W-L, Wellcome  and/or their respective Affiliates  to each of the  JV
Entities  for the  purpose of permitting  sales of the  products representing JV
Business in certain  Territories. Accordingly,  each of W-L  and Wellcome  shall
take  such actions as are necessary to prevent the JV Entities from selling such
products outside of the relevant Territories.
 
     SECTION 10.11.  Insurance.  (a)  Each Party  shall  maintain  insurance  in
respect of its equity interest in the U.S. Partnership that is both adequate and
appropriate  for  the  conduct  of  the  JV  Business  with  reputable  insurers
(including, where  the Party  believes  it appropriate,  through  self-insurance
programs) against loss or damage, including fire, loss, theft, casualty, recall,
product  liability and general insurance and no costs of such insurance shall be
charged to any JV Entity. W-L shall provide directors and officers insurance and
any other forms  of insurance  required to  be obtained  by a  JV Entity  (e.g.,
automobile  insurance)  and shall  charge the  cost thereof  to the  relevant JV
Entity.
 
     (b) Without prejudice to  Section 2.02(d), the  provisions of this  Section
10.11  as applicable to the U.S. Partnership and  as it may be extended to other
Territories, shall be subject to such  amendment as may be desirable,  including
in relation to the EC Territory and Other European Territory, to take account of
all relevant factors, including, without limitation, taxation.
 
     (c)  Each Party shall  maintain insurance in relation  to any real property
owned by it,  whether freehold or  leasehold, occupied  by a JV  Entity and  the
costs thereof shall be charged to the relevant JV Entity.
 
     SECTION  10.12. JV Prescription Zovirax. To the extent Wellcome markets and
sells JV Prescription Zovirax in a specific Territory, such marketing and  sales
will  be undertaken by Wellcome on behalf  of the relevant JV Entity pursuant to
marketing arrangements to  be agreed upon  by the Parties  and reflected in  the
appropriate Marketing, Services and Development Agreement. Wellcome shall market
such  products with at least the same  degree of effort as is currently utilized
(subject to any change in circumstances) and use its reasonable best efforts  to
maximize  the profits  of the  JV Entity attributable  to any  such marketing by
Wellcome of JV Prescription Zovirax in the Territory. In the event that Wellcome
introduces another  form  of Zovirax  or  combination product  thereof  for  the
treatment  of cold sores to be sold  by prescription which results in a material
diversion of profits from JV Prescription Zovirax, the Parties agree to  discuss
in  good faith whether any adjustment to the allocation of Base Business Profits
and Losses or other action is appropriate.
 
     SECTION 10.13. Scope of JV Business; Non-Violation of Existing Obligations.
The Parties shall not, and shall not  permit any JV Entity to, knowingly  expand
the  intended scope of  the JV Businesses  and shall not  knowingly, through the
activities of  a  JV  Entity,  violate any  valid  provision  of  a  non-compete
obligation  of either Party which exists on  the date of this Agreement or which
is hereafter agreed to by the Governing Board of the relevant JV Entity.
 
     SECTION 10.14. Conduct of Business. (a) With respect to each JV Entity,  to
the extent Net Sales made by the Parties in the two calendar months prior to the
Closing  Date (or  its effective date  in the  case of the  U.S. Partnership) in
respect of  the JV  Entity (i)  are  deemed to  be Excess  Sales, and  (ii)  the
Variable  Profit Contribution of  such Excess Sales results  in an allocation of
profits other than that which
 
                                       28
 
<PAGE>
would have resulted if  such profits had  been earned by the  JV Entity and  the
Variable  Profit Contribution had  been Base Business  Profit, the Parties shall
negotiate to determine the extent to which the advantaged Party shall compensate
the disadvantaged party for such differential profit allocation. In the case  of
the  U.S. Partnership,  any determination under  this Section  10.14(a) shall be
based on the use of sales as normally reported by the Parties in accordance with
U.S. GAAP rather than Net Sales in all calculations.
 
     (b) To the extent sales orders for Existing Products of the Parties  remain
unfilled  as of  the Closing Date,  such orders  shall be transferred  to the JV
Entity.
 
                                   ARTICLE XI
 
                 CONDITIONS TO WELLCOME'S AND W-L'S OBLIGATIONS
 
     The Closing  of the  transactions contemplated  by each  JV  Implementation
Agreement  shall be subject  to the satisfaction  at or prior  to the Closing of
such transactions of  the following  conditions; provided,  however, that  after
December 31, 1995, either Party may terminate this Agreement if these conditions
have  not been met or waived with respect to the countries in the Core Territory
in which a JV  Entity has not  been established (it  being understood that  such
period may be extended by mutual written consent of the Parties).
 
     SECTION   11.01.  Certain  Action.   At  the  Closing   Date  for  each  JV
Implementation Agreement,  no suit,  action, investigation  or other  proceeding
will  have been  instituted and  be pending  by any  governmental agency  of the
relevant Territory  or any  other Person  in  which it  is sought  to  restrain,
prohibit, invalidate or set aside generally the transactions contemplated by the
relevant  JV Implementation Agreement and the other Operative Documents referred
to therein.
 
     SECTION 11.02. Government Approvals and  Consents. At the Closing Date  for
each  JV Implementation Agreement, all necessary filings (other than in relation
to marketing approvals) required, if any, in or for the relevant Territory  with
the  appropriate governmental or other authorities in or for such Territory will
have been made and all necessary governmental approvals (other than in  relation
to  marketing approvals),  if any,  will have  been received  and any prescribed
waiting periods will have expired or been terminated. No government entity shall
have indicated its objection to, or its intent to challenge as violative of  any
federal,  state or  foreign laws, any  of the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement  or  the  relevant  JV  Implementation  Agreements.  In  the  event  a
government  entity places  a condition  on its  approval of  the transactions as
contemplated by  the Operative  Documents which  has a  material effect  on  the
Wellcome Contributed Business or the W-L Contributed Business, the Parties shall
attempt  to  negotiate  a mutually  agreeable  modification to  the  relevant JV
Implementation Agreement and the other appropriate Operative Documents.
 
     SECTION 11.03. Tax Rulings. The Parties shall have applied for and received
all rulings or consents  of the appropriate tax  authorities which either  Party
reasonably  believes to be necessary  or desirable in order  to implement the JV
Implementation Agreement in the relevant Territory as contemplated herein and in
the other Operative Documents.
 
     SECTION 11.04.  Representations  and  Warranties.  The  representations  of
Wellcome  and W-L contained  in the Representations  and Warranties Agreement in
respect of certain countries in the Core Territory shall continue to be true and
correct in  all  material respects  as  of  the date  the  representations  were
originally  given. In addition, there shall have been no material adverse change
in the condition of the Wellcome or W-L Contributed Business since the  original
date  of  such  representations.  In  connection  with  the  execution  of  a JV
Implementation Agreement for a  country in the  Non-Core Territory, the  Parties
shall agree upon such representations and warranties as shall be appropriate.
 
     SECTION  11.05. Performance of  Covenants. Each Party  shall have performed
and complied in all  material respects with each  and every covenant,  agreement
and  condition contemplated by this Agreement and the relevant JV Implementation
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date
for the relevant JV Implementation Agreement.
 
     SECTION 11.06. Authorization of Agreements. All action on the part of  each
Party  necessary to  authorize the execution,  delivery and  performance of this
Agreement, the relevant JV Implementation
 
                                       29
 
<PAGE>
Agreements and the Operative Documents, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein and therein, shall have been duly and validly taken by  each
Party,  and each Party shall have furnished  to the other Party a certificate of
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of W-L or Wellcome, as the case may  be,
setting  forth copies of  the resolutions or  other instruments authorizing this
Agreement, the relevant JV Implementation Agreements and the Operative Documents
and the transactions contemplated herein and therein.
 
     SECTION 11.07. Execution  of Operative Documents.  All Operative  Documents
required  by the  relevant JV  Implementation Agreement  in order  to permit the
appropriate JV Entity to  conduct JV Business in  the appropriate country  shall
have been executed and delivered and shall be fully effective in all respects.
 
     SECTION  11.08. Certificate of Compliance. Each  Party shall deliver to the
other Party a  certificate of an  authorized officer of  such Party,  certifying
compliance with the conditions set forth in this Article XI.
 
     SECTION  11.09. Assignment  of Certain  Contracts and  Licenses. Each Party
shall  have  obtained  the  consent,  as  appropriate,  in  form  and  substance
satisfactory  to the  other Party,  to the  assignment to  the JV  Entity in the
relevant Territory  of  all  material  contracts,  product  licenses  and  other
instruments  which  are part  of the  Wellcome Contributed  Business or  the W-L
Contributed Business, as the case may be, for the relevant Territory, or  either
alternative  arrangements shall have been made  in accordance with Section 10.08
or undertakings reasonably  acceptable to  the Parties shall  have been  entered
into.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section  4.07(d), a JV Entity shall not
become responsible  for any  contract  which is  a part  of  or related  to  the
Wellcome  or  W-L Contributed  Business except  to the  extent such  contract is
specifically identified in an Operative Document  as being assigned in whole  or
in part or made available in accordance with Section 10.08.
 
                                  ARTICLE XII
                       TRANSFER OF JOINT VENTURE INTEREST
 
     SECTION  12.01. Limitation  on Right  to Transfer.  A Party  or any  of its
Affiliates may  not sell,  assign, pledge,  hypothecate or  otherwise  delegate,
subcontract or transfer in any manner, all or any part of its interest in the JV
Business,  any JV Entity, this Agreement  or the Operative Documents unless such
transfer (i)  is  permitted under  Section  12.02  of this  Agreement,  (ii)  is
consented to in writing by the other Party in its sole discretion, with specific
reference  to this Section 12.01, (iii)  is permitted in accordance with Article
XIV or (iv) is permitted  by an Operative Document.  In addition, to the  extent
necessary to be classified as a partnership for United States Federal income tax
purposes, the interest in a JV Entity held principally by a JV Entity which is a
holding   company  shall  be  non-transferable  except  between  Persons  owning
interests in such JV Entity.
 
     SECTION 12.02.  Permitted  Transfers. Nothing  in  this Article  XII  shall
prevent  the transfer  by any Party  of all  or part of  its interest  in any JV
Business, any  JV Entity,  this Agreement  or the  Operative Documents  if  such
interest   is  transferred  to  an  organization   which  is  an  Affiliate  and
wholly-owned (subject to directors' qualifying shares), directly or  indirectly,
by  Wellcome or W-L, as the case may be, but only for so long as it shall remain
an Affiliate of, and wholly-owned, directly  or indirectly by, Wellcome or  W-L;
provided, however, that (i) the JV Implementation Agreement for a JV Entity that
is capable of being classified as a partnership for United States Federal income
tax  purposes shall not permit a transfer of an interest in such JV Entity if it
would prejudice such classification of such  entity; (ii) that no such  transfer
shall  be effective unless  the transferee of any  interest so transferred under
this Section 12.02  shall have  assumed by  express agreement  with the  Parties
hereto  (in form and substance satisfactory to the relevant Governing Board) all
of the  obligations of  the transferor  under this  Agreement and  that no  such
transfer shall relieve the transferor of its obligations under this Agreement in
the  event the transferee fails to perform its obligations hereunder and (iii) a
Party (or any of its Affiliates) shall not transfer its interest in a JV  Entity
which  is  classified as  a  partnership for  United  States Federal  income tax
purposes in a manner  which would constitute a  termination of such  partnership
under Section 708(b)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
time  to time,  and any  successor statute.  Upon such  transfer such transferee
shall be admitted as a Party, in
 
                                       30
 
<PAGE>
addition to the Party which was the transferor. In the event that any  Affiliate
shall  cease to be an Affiliate within  the meaning of this Section, Wellcome or
W-L, as  the case  may be,  shall  assure that  immediately prior  thereto  such
interest  is transferred  back to  Wellcome or  W-L or  one of  their respective
Affiliates as appropriate.
 
                                  ARTICLE XIII
                                INDEMNIFICATION
 
     SECTION 13.01. Responsibility for Liabilities and Expenses. (a) Each of W-L
and Wellcome shall  be separately  responsible for, and  hereby indemnifies  the
other  Party and  each JV  Entity (on  an after-tax  basis) against  all claims,
liabilities,  damages,  losses,  expenses  (including  reasonable  legal  fees),
obligations, liens, assessments, judgments and fines (all of the foregoing being
a  'Claim') made by or  owed to any Person to  the extent attributable to death,
bodily injuries, pain  or damages  suffered, or obligations  or liabilities  and
which  arose out of such  Party's ownership or operation  of the W-L Contributed
Business or the Wellcome Contributed Business, as the case may be, prior to  the
Closing  Date for the Territory in question. Such Claims shall also include, but
not be limited to, all Taxes due by such  Party and as to which a JV Entity  may
be  jointly liable for payment with such Party. If the use of the product giving
rise to the Claim occurred  prior to the Closing Date,  such Claim shall be  the
responsibility of W-L or Wellcome, as the case may be (depending on whether such
product  was part  of the W-L  Contributed Business or  the Wellcome Contributed
Business).
 
     (b) Subject to Section 13.01, each  JV Entity shall indemnify and hold  W-L
and  Wellcome and their  respective Affiliates harmless  (on an after-tax basis)
for all product  liability Claims arising  out of the  JV Business conducted  by
that  JV Entity on or after the  Closing Date of the JV Implementation Agreement
for such JV Entity; provided, however, that (i) as to any Claims arising out  of
defects  in the manufacture of any product  included in JV Business conducted by
that JV Entity, W-L or Wellcome, whichever shall have manufactured such product,
shall indemnify and hold harmless (on an after-tax basis) the JV Entity and  the
Party  which did  not manufacture such  product to  the extent agreed  to in the
relevant Manufacturing and Supply Agreement and  (ii) W-L shall not be  entitled
to  any indemnification  under this  Section 13.01(b) to  the extent  a court of
competent jurisdiction shall have finally determined that the product  liability
Claim  in question arose  from the failure  of W-L to  have used reasonable best
efforts to satisfy the  standard of conduct  set forth in  Section 4.08 of  this
Agreement.
 
     (c)  To the  extent any  Claim is based  on use  of any  product or damages
sustained over a  period of time  beginning prior  to the Closing  Date for  the
relevant JV Implementation Agreement and continuing after such Closing Date, the
liability  and costs  of a  JV Entity relating  to such  Claim shall  be for the
account of Wellcome, W-L or the JV Entity, as the case may be. Damages based  on
the  time prior to such Closing Date, if any, shall be for the account of W-L or
Wellcome, as the case may  be, and for the time  on and after such Closing  Date
for the relevant JV Entity.
 
     (d)  To the extent sales returns occurring  on or after the Closing Date in
respect of sales prior thereto are deemed  by the Parties to be in the  ordinary
course  of business, the cost of such returns  shall be borne by the relevant JV
Entities. To the extent the Parties  agree that such sales returns occurring  on
or  after the Closing Date are outside the ordinary course of business, the cost
of such returns shall be borne by the responsible Party provided, however,  that
for  purposes  of this  Section 13.01(d),  product discontinuations  and product
withdrawals shall  be deemed  to be  outside the  ordinary course  of  business.
Products  returned in a re-salable condition  shall be returned to the inventory
of the relevant JV Entities.
 
     (e) Where any claim, litigation  or arbitration is contemplated,  commenced
or  brought (a)  by any  JV Entity  against any  Party or  any Affiliate  or (b)
against any JV Entity by any Party or any Affiliate, irrespective of the  amount
involved   therein,  the  Party   shall  ensure  that   any  officer,  director,
representative or agent of  it or any  Affiliate shall not  be involved in  such
claim,  litigation or arbitration on  behalf of the JV  Entity and shall have no
vote in determining whether such  claim, litigation or arbitration is  commenced
or  is made or in any matters relating to the conduct or settlement thereof. The
provisions of this Section 13.01(e) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the making
of any decision by a
 
                                       31
 
<PAGE>
JV Entity to terminate any  agreement between a Party  or any Affiliate and  the
relevant  JV  Entity  other than  one  entered  into by  the  relevant  Party or
Affiliate solely as a partner or shareholder and not in any other capacity.
 
     SECTION 13.02. Indemnification. (a) W-L  shall indemnify and hold  Wellcome
and  each JV Entity harmless (on an after-tax basis) from all Claims suffered or
paid as a result of (i) the failure of any of the representations or  warranties
made  by W-L in  this Agreement or any  other Operative Document  to be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date hereof or any applicable Closing
Date, (ii) any breach by  W-L of any covenant made  by W-L in this Agreement  or
any  of the Operative Documents and (iii) any Claim made by a third party which,
if successful, would constitute  a breach of a  warranty, covenant or  agreement
made  by W-L in this  Agreement or any other  Operative Document, subject in all
cases to any limitations set forth in this Agreement or any Operative Document.
 
     (b) Wellcome shall indemnify and hold  W-L and each JV Entity harmless  (on
an  after-tax basis)  from all Claims  suffered or paid  as a result  of (i) the
failure of any  of the representations  or warranties made  by Wellcome in  this
Agreement or any other Operative Document to be true and correct in all material
respects  as of the date hereof or  any applicable closing date, (ii) any breach
by Wellcome of any  covenant made by  Wellcome in this Agreement  or any of  the
other  Operative Documents,  (iii) any  Claims made by  a third  party which, if
successful, would constitute a breach of a warranty, covenant or agreement  made
by  Wellcome in this Agreement  or any other Operative  Document, subject in all
cases to any limitations set forth  in this Agreement or any Operative  Document
and  (iv) the termination  of any broker  previously engaged by  Wellcome in the
United States  the  services  of which  have  not  been continued  by  the  U.S.
Partnership after January 31, 1994.
 
     (c)  Subject to the requirements of  Section 13.02(a) or (b) as applicable,
in the event a judgment shall be  rendered by a court of competent  jurisdiction
against  only one of the Parties or another  liability is incurred and paid by a
Party in its capacity as  a partner of any JV  Entity conducting JV Business  in
partnership  form (except any judgment obtained by  a third party as a result of
the negligence  of that  Party or  breach by  that Party  of the  terms of  this
Agreement or any Operative Document), the other Party shall reimburse such Party
for  that percentage of  such judgment or  liability as shall  correspond to the
appropriate profit and loss  allocation to the  reimbursing Party applicable  to
the  product giving rise to the judgment, or if the judgment is not related to a
specific product, the Base Business Profit and Loss allocation for the  relevant
JV Entity.
 
     (d)  If a  JV Entity incurs  liability for  any Tax in  connection with any
actual or deemed  contribution or transfer  to a JV  Entity at the  time of  its
formation  of any tangible or intangible assets, property or business, including
the grant of  any license, lease  or similar right  (collectively, 'Assets')  or
with respect to a Party's prior ownership or operation of such Assets, the Party
transferring  or contributing (or causing such transfer or contribution of) such
Assets will indemnify and  hold harmless (on an  after-tax basis) the JV  Entity
from  any liability (net  of any refund  or similar recovery)  in respect of any
such Tax, including all costs and expenses directly or indirectly related to the
final determination of the JV Entity's liability  for such Tax. In the event  an
Affiliate  of a Party shall  be involved in the  transfer or contribution of the
Assets, the Party and  the Affiliate shall be  jointly and severally liable  for
the indemnification set forth in the preceding sentence.
 
     (e)  Any indemnification  of a JV  Entity, W-L or  Wellcome hereunder shall
include and  extend to  the  benefit of  their respective  directors,  officers,
employees  and representatives  or alternative representatives  of the Governing
Board and Affiliates (other than any  indemnification by Wellcome of an  officer
or  director which  is proscribed by  law). Any  person that may  be entitled to
indemnification under this Agreement (an 'Indemnified Party') shall give  notice
to  the  Person  obligated  to  indemnify  it  (an  'Indemnifying  Party')  with
reasonable promptness upon becoming aware of any claim or other facts upon which
a claim  for indemnification  will be  based; the  notice shall  set forth  such
information  with  respect  thereto  as  is  then  reasonably  available  to the
Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to undertake  the
defense of any such Claim asserted by a third party with counsel satisfactory to
the  Indemnified Party and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in such defense
and make available all records, materials and witnesses reasonably requested  by
the  Indemnifying  Party in  connection  therewith at  the  Indemnifying Party's
expense. If the Indemnifying Party shall  have assumed the defense of the  claim
with  counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying
 
                                       32
 
<PAGE>
Party shall  not be  liable to  the Indemnified  Party for  any legal  or  other
expenses  (other  than  for  reasonable  costs  of  investigation)  subsequently
incurred by the Indemnified  Party in connection with  the defense thereof.  The
Indemnifying  Party  shall  not be  liable  for  any claim  settled  without its
consent, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
 
     (f) To the  extent that either  Party is involved  in any proceeding  which
arose  prior to the  establishment of a  JV Entity and  books, records or former
employees of the Party shall be under  the dominion and control of a JV  Entity,
the  JV Entity shall  cooperate with the  Party and make  available all records,
materials and witnesses reasonably requested by the Party in connection with its
prosecution or defense of such proceeding at the Party's expense.
 
                                  ARTICLE XIV
                              TERM AND TERMINATION
 
     SECTION 14.01. Term of JV Entity. Each  JV Entity shall commence as of  the
Closing Date for the relevant JV Implementation Agreement for such JV Entity and
shall continue until it is dissolved and terminated pursuant to the terms of the
Operative  Documents or pursuant to law.  Except in those circumstances referred
to in Sections 8.02, 14.02, 14.03 and 14.04 and except for circumstances causing
dissolution or  liquidation of  a JV  Entity set  forth in  a JV  Implementation
Agreement  it  is understood  and  agreed that  each  JV Entity  is  intended to
continue without interruption until such relationship is specifically  dissolved
by  unanimous consent of the  partners or shareholders, as  the case may be, and
that upon  dissolution the  rights and  obligations of  the Parties  under  this
Agreement  shall continue to be  in effect, until the  final distribution of the
assets of each JV Entity to the Parties.
 
     SECTION 14.02.  OTC Zovirax  Not Approved.  (a) Notwithstanding  any  other
provision of this Agreement, if an event set forth in Section 4.02(c)(ii)(B) has
occurred  and the Parties have been unable  to agree upon increased or decreased
allocations pursuant to that Section within six months from the delivery of  the
written  notice referred to in that Section, W-L may, in its sole discretion (as
its exclusive remedy), commence the  termination procedures set forth in  clause
(b) of this Section by giving written notice thereof to Wellcome.
 
     (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event W-L
delivers  a  notice  pursuant to  paragraph  (a)  of its  intention  to commence
termination, the Parties shall  have the following  rights and obligations  with
respect  to all, but not fewer than all, of the JV Entities in the United States
and Canada:
 
          (i) Wellcome may, in its sole  discretion, elect to withdraw from  the
     JV  Entities in the United  States and Canada all  products included in the
     Wellcome Contributed Business  together with OTC  Zovirax, JV  Prescription
     Zovirax and any OTC Switch Product as to which Wellcome was the Originating
     Party, that constitute JV Business in the United States and Canada;
 
          (ii)  Wellcome may,  in its sole  discretion, elect to  require W-L to
     purchase all right, title  and interest of Wellcome  in the JV Entities  in
     the  United States  and Canada,  including the  JV Entities'  rights in the
     Operative Documents, but excluding any interest of such JV Entities in  OTC
     Zovirax,  JV  Prescription  Zovirax, any  OTC  Switch Product  as  to which
     Wellcome was the Originating Party, for an amount equal to 30% of the value
     of the JV Entity in the United States and 50% of the value of the JV Entity
     in Canada as  of the end  of the most  recent Fiscal Quarter  as valued  at
     their  Going  Concern  Value;  provided,  however,  that  for  purposes  of
     determining Going  Concern  Value  for  this Section,  no  value  shall  be
     ascribed  to  OTC Zovirax,  JV Prescription  Zovirax,  any such  OTC Switch
     Product; or
 
          (iii) Wellcome may, in its sole  discretion, elect to sell any of  the
     products  included in the Wellcome  Contributed Business withdrawn from the
     JV Business pursuant to clause (i) to one or more third parties,  provided,
     however,  that if Wellcome offers or  negotiates to sell such products with
     any third party Wellcome shall offer such terms to W-L in writing prior  to
     entering  into any  agreement with such  third party.  W-L shall thereafter
     have 30 days to accept or reject such offer. If accepted, the Parties shall
     proceed to execute a purchase and sale agreement, and if rejected or if  no
     response  is  given within  the 30-day  period, Wellcome  may enter  into a
     purchase and sale agreement with the third party on such terms.
 
                                       33
 
<PAGE>
     (c) It is expressly understood that in the event of any election of  rights
by  Wellcome pursuant to Section 14.02(b), (i) Wellcome shall receive all rights
to the marketing  of OTC  Zovirax, JV Prescription  Zovirax and  any OTC  Switch
Products  as to which  Wellcome was the Originating  Party,(ii) Wellcome will be
promptly compensated by W-L for its interest  in the Going Concern Value of  any
products  developed  by  the JV  Entity  (other  than Line  Extensions)  and any
products acquired by  the JV Entity  pursuant to Sections  6.03 and 6.04,  (iii)
Wellcome will promptly pay to W-L the Going Concern Value of its interest in OTC
Zovirax  and JV Prescription Zovirax in Canada and in all OTC Switch Products as
to which Wellcome  was the Originating  Party in the  United States and  Canada,
(iv)  Wellcome will  not retain  any interest  in the  Glaxo Arrangement  in the
United States  and Canada  and  will not  be compensated  for  the loss  of  its
interest  (other than, with respect to Canada, as included in the calculation of
the Going  Concern  Value  of  the  JV Entity  in  Canada  set  forth  above  in
subparagraph  (b)(ii)  and other  than as  provided in  Section 5.03(f)  and (v)
Wellcome shall have no further interest in the JV Entities in the United  States
and  Canada. An election permitted by Wellcome pursuant to the foregoing clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii)  shall be made  within six months  of Wellcome's receipt  of
W-L's  notice  of intention  to commence  termination and  shall be  recorded by
written notice delivered by Wellcome to  W-L. Any such notice by Wellcome  shall
be irrevocable and not subject to change except by agreement of the Parties.
 
     (d)  In the event  W-L delivers a  notice pursuant to  paragraph (a) of its
intention to commence termination, Wellcome may,  in its sole discretion and  in
addition to the rights set forth in paragraph (b), elect to withdraw from the JV
Entities  in  the Remainder  of  the World  (other  than Canada).  In  such case
Wellcome shall  have the  right to  elect either  of the  options set  forth  in
Section  14.03(a)  below. An  election permitted  by  Wellcome pursuant  to this
paragraph (d) shall  be made within  six months of  Wellcome's receipt of  W-L's
notice  of intention  to commence termination  and shall be  recorded by written
notice delivered  by Wellcome  to W-L.  Any  such notice  by Wellcome  shall  be
irrevocable  and not subject to change except by agreement of the parties. It is
expressly understood that any  election by Wellcome  pursuant to this  paragraph
(d) shall mean that Wellcome shall have commenced termination of the relevant JV
Entities  in the Remainder of the World  (other than Canada) for purposes of the
penultimate sentence of Section 14.08.
 
     SECTION 14.03. Wellcome Events of Termination; Remedies. In the event  that
(x)  there is an NDA Approval for OTC  Zovirax within the time periods set forth
in Section 4.02(c)(ii)(B), (y) there has  been a successful renegotiation of  an
increased  allocation of  Special Profits or  a decreased  allocation of Special
Losses to W-L pursuant  to Section 4.02(c)(ii)(B) or  (z) W-L has not  commenced
the  termination procedures set  forth in Section 14.02  within the time periods
set forth therein, and Wellcome is  dissatisfied with the performance of any  of
the  JV Entities in (1) the United States and Canada or (2) the Remainder of the
World (other than Canada), as the case may be, Wellcome may give written  notice
to   W-L  setting   forth  in  reasonable   detail  the   basis  for  Wellcome's
dissatisfaction with such JV Entities (all of such JV Entities in (1) the United
States and Canada or  (2) the Remainder  of the World  (other than Canada),  the
'Affected JV Entities'), it being understood that Wellcome's dissatisfaction may
not  relate to  the Plans for  OTC Zovirax,  JV Prescription Zovirax  or any OTC
Switch Product  as  to  which  Wellcome was  the  Originating  Party,  but  such
dissatisfaction  may  relate  to a  material  breach  of any  provision  of this
Agreement or any of the other  Operative Documents by W-L or the  implementation
by  the relevant JV Entity (other than through Wellcome or its employees) of any
Plan for OTC Zovirax, JV  Prescription Zovirax or any  OTC Switch Product as  to
which  Wellcome was the Originating Party. Following receipt of such notice, W-L
shall have one year to attempt to cure the cause of Wellcome's  dissatisfaction.
W-L  shall use its reasonable efforts to attempt to cure the cause of Wellcome's
dissatisfaction unless W-L does not  intend to cure such dissatisfaction  within
such  one year period. In the latter  case, W-L shall notify Wellcome in writing
and such one year  period shall be deemed  to terminate as of  the date of  such
notice.  If,  in the  reasonable opinion  of Wellcome,  the cause  of Wellcome's
dissatisfaction has not  been cured  within one year  of W-L's  receipt of  such
written  notice and such one year cure period expires or has terminated pursuant
to the previous sentence, then
 
          (a) After the second anniversary and prior to the fifth anniversary of
     the Closing Date  for the initial  JV Implementation Agreement  in (1)  the
     United  States or Canada if the Affected JV Entity is located in the United
     States or Canada or (2)  any other Territory if  the Affected JV Entity  is
     located  in the Remainder of the World (other than Canada), as the case may
     be, Wellcome shall
 
                                       34
 
<PAGE>
     have the right to, within 30  days after expiration or termination of  such
     one  year cure period by  written notice (which shall  be irrevocable as to
     the election made) sent to W-L:
 
             (i) elect to withdraw  from the Affected  JV Entities any  products
        included in the Wellcome Contributed Business together with OTC Zovirax,
        JV  Prescription Zovirax and any OTC Switch Product as to which Wellcome
        was the Originating Party, that constitute JV Business of such  Affected
        JV Entities. In such event W-L shall compensate Wellcome for the loss of
        its interest in the Affected JV Entities' JV Business represented by the
        Going  Concern Value of any  OTC Switch Product as  to which W-L was the
        Originating Party and  any products  developed by the  JV Entity  (other
        than  Line  Extensions)  and  any products  acquired  by  the  JV Entity
        pursuant to Sections 6.03  and 6.04. Wellcome  shall compensate W-L  for
        the  loss of its interest in the affected JV Business represented by the
        Going Concern Value of (1) OTC Zovirax, if the affected JV Entity is  in
        the  United States and (2)  any OTC Switch Product  as to which Wellcome
        was the Originating Party. In the event Wellcome transfers its  interest
        in  OTC Zovirax (if the  Affected JV Entity is  in the United States) or
        any OTC Switch Product as to which Wellcome was the Originating Party to
        a third  party within  twelve months  after Wellcome  has withdrawn  its
        products  from such  JV Entities pursuant  to this  clause (i), Wellcome
        shall pay  to W-L  an amount  equal to  W-L's appropriate  share of  any
        amounts  so received  (calculated on  an after-tax  basis) in  excess of
        Going Concern Value of  OTC Zovirax or such  OTC Switch Product, as  the
        case  may be. In the event of  any election pursuant to this clause (i),
        Wellcome will retain its rights and obligations in the Glaxo Arrangement
        but shall relinquish any and all remaining interest in such Affected  JV
        Entities;
 
             (ii)  elect to withdraw from the Affected JV Entities all rights to
        JV Prescription Zovirax, OTC Zovirax and  any OTC Switch Products as  to
        which  Wellcome was the Originating Party.  W-L shall pay to Wellcome an
        amount equal to the Going Concern  Value of the remainder of  Wellcome's
        interest  in such Affected JV Entities (excluding any value attributable
        to JV Prescription Zovirax, OTC Zovirax and any such OTC Switch Products
        but including the  value of  the Glaxo  Arrangement and  all OTC  Switch
        Products  as to  which W-L  was the  Originating Party)  as of  the most
        recently completed Fiscal Quarter. Wellcome shall compensate W-L for the
        loss of its  interest in  the JV Business  of the  Affected JV  Entities
        represented  by the Going Concern Value  of JV Prescription Zovirax, OTC
        Zovirax and any such  OTC Switch Products.  In addition, Wellcome  shall
        pay  to W-L an amount  equal to the minimal  necessary costs of reducing
        the scope of such JV  Entities' activities due to Wellcome's  withdrawal
        of  JV  Prescription  Zovirax,  OTC Zovirax  and  any  other  OTC Switch
        Products as to which  Wellcome was the Originating  Party. In the  event
        Wellcome  transfers its interest in OTC Zovirax, JV Prescription Zovirax
        and any OTC  Switch Product  as to  which Wellcome  was the  Originating
        Party to a third party within twelve months after Wellcome has withdrawn
        OTC  Zovirax, JV  Prescription Zovirax and  any such  OTC Switch Product
        from any JV Entities pursuant to this clause (ii), Wellcome shall pay to
        W-L an  amount  equal to  W-L's  appropriate  share of  any  amounts  so
        received  (calculated on an after-tax basis)  in excess of Going Concern
        Value for  OTC  Zovirax, JV  Prescription  Zovirax or  such  OTC  Switch
        Product,  as the case may  be. In the event  of any election pursuant to
        this clause (ii), Wellcome  shall not retain any  interest in the  Glaxo
        Arrangement  and  shall not  be compensated  for  such loss  of interest
        (other than as included in the calculation of the Going Concern Value of
        the Affected JV Entities set forth above in the event and to the  extent
        Wellcome  participates in the Glaxo  Arrangement pursuant to Article V);
        or
 
             (iii) elect to  sell its  entire economic  interest, including  the
        Glaxo  Arrangement,  JV Prescription  Zovirax, OTC  Zovirax and  all OTC
        Switch Products as to which Wellcome  was the Originating Party, in  the
        Affected  JV Entities to W-L at a price to be negotiated by the Parties.
        If the Parties are unable to agree upon a price within a period of three
        months, Wellcome may offer to sell its entire economic interest in  such
        Affected  JV  Entities  to  a  third  party,  including  JV Prescription
        Zovirax, OTC Zovirax and  all OTC Switch Products  as to which  Wellcome
        was  the  Originating Party  but excluding  the Glaxo  Arrangement which
        shall be acquired by W-L  pursuant to Section 14.05; provided,  however,
        that  if Wellcome negotiates the sale of its entire economic interest in
        such   Affected   JV    Entities   to   a    third   party   on    price
 
                                       35
 
<PAGE>
        and  other material commercial terms that  are more favorable than those
        last offered to W-L, Wellcome shall offer the terms of such third  party
        offer  to W-L in writing prior to  entering into any agreement with such
        third party. W-L shall then have 30 days to accept or reject such offer.
        If accepted,  the  Parties  shall  proceed to  finalize  such  sale  and
        purchase,  and if rejected or if no  response is given within the 30 day
        period, Wellcome  may sell  such interest  to the  third party  on  such
        terms;  provided, however, that  the identity of  such third party shall
        have been approved by W-L with any such approval not to be  unreasonably
        withheld  and not to be withheld based solely on the fact that the third
        party is a competitor of W-L or of a JV Entity;
 
          (b) At any time  on or after  the fifth anniversary  and prior to  the
     tenth  anniversary of  the Closing Date  for the  initial JV Implementation
     Agreement in (1) the United States or  Canada if the Affected JV Entity  is
     located  in the United States  or Canada or (2)  any other Territory if the
     Affected JV Entity  is located in  the Remainder of  the World (other  than
     Canada),  as the case may be, Wellcome shall have the right, within 30 days
     after expiration or  termination of such  one year cure  period by  written
     notice (which shall be irrevocable as to the election made) sent to W-L, to
     elect  either of  the options set  forth in Section  14.03(a)(ii) and (iii)
     above;
 
          (c) At any time on or after the tenth anniversary of the Closing  Date
     for  the initial  JV Implementation Agreement  in (1) the  United States or
     Canada if the Affected JV Entity is located in the United States or  Canada
     or  (2) any  other Territory if  the Affected  JV Entity is  located in the
     Remainder of the World  (other than Canada), as  the case may be,  Wellcome
     shall  have the  right, within 30  days after expiration  or termination of
     such one year  cure period  by written  notice sent  to W-L,  to elect  the
     option set forth in Section 14.03(a)(iii);
 
provided,  however, that in the event that Wellcome elects any of the above with
respect to a JV Entity in (1)  the United States or Canada, such election  shall
also  apply  to all  JV  Entities in  the  United States  or  Canada or  (2) the
Remainder of the World  (other than Canada), such  election shall also apply  to
all  other JV Entities in the Remainder of the World (other than Canada). In the
event of an  election by Wellcome  pursuant to Section  14.03(a)(i) or (ii)  the
affected JV Entities may cause arrangements to be effected whereby Wellcome will
acquire the relevant products.
 
     Wellcome  may,  in its  discretion, elect  the option  set forth  in clause
(a)(iii) at  any time  after the  receipt of  the NDA  Approval referred  to  in
Section  4.02(c)(ii)(A)(1) or there has been a successful renegotiation pursuant
to Section 4.02(c)(ii)(B);  provided, however,  that W-L has  not commenced  the
termination  procedures set forth in Section 14.02  or 14.04 for the Affected JV
Entities.
 
     SECTION 14.04. W-L Events of Termination;  Remedies. In the event that  (x)
there  is an NDA Approval  for OTC Zovirax within the  time periods set forth in
Section 4.02(c)(ii)(B),  (y) there  has been  a successful  renegotiation of  an
increased  allocation of  Special Profits or  a decreased  allocation of Special
Losses to W-L pursuant  to Section 4.02(c)(ii)(B) or  (z) W-L has not  commenced
the  termination procedures set  forth in Section 14.02  within the time periods
set forth therein, and W-L  is dissatisfied with the  performance of any of  the
Affected  JV Entities in (i) the United  States and Canada or (ii) the Remainder
of the World (other than Canada) as the case may be, W-L may give written notice
to  Wellcome  setting   forth  in   reasonable  detail  the   basis  for   W-L's
dissatisfaction  with the Affected  JV Entities, it  being understood that W-L's
dissatisfaction may only relate  to the Plans for  JV Prescription Zovirax,  OTC
Zovirax or any OTC Switch Product as to which Wellcome was the Originating Party
except to the extent that the aforementioned Plans were prepared by the affected
JV  Entity other  than at the  direction of Wellcome  (W-L's dissatisfaction not
being based solely on implementation of such Plan other than by Wellcome or  its
employees),  or a material breach  of any provision of  this Agreement or any of
the other Operative  Documents by  Wellcome. Following receipt  of such  notice,
Wellcome   shall  have  one  year  to  attempt   to  cure  the  cause  of  W-L's
dissatisfaction. Wellcome shall use  reasonable efforts to  attempt to cure  the
cause  of W-L's  dissatisfaction unless  Wellcome does  not intend  to cure such
dissatisfaction within such one-year period. In the latter case, Wellcome  shall
notify  W-L in writing and such one year  period shall be deemed to terminate as
of the date of such notice. If  Wellcome, in the reasonable opinion of W-L,  has
failed  to cure such dissatisfaction within one  year of receipt of such written
notice, and such one year cure period expires or has terminated pursuant to  the
previous sentence, then
 
                                       36
 
<PAGE>
          (a) After the second and prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing
     Date  for the initial JV Implementation  Agreement in (A) the United States
     and Canada if the  Affected JV Entity  is located in  the United States  or
     Canada,  or  (B) the  Remainder of  the  World (other  than Canada)  if the
     Affected JV Entity is in the Remainder of the World (other than Canada), as
     the case  may  be, W-L  shall  have the  right  to, within  30  days  after
     expiration  or termination of  such one year cure  period by written notice
     (which shall be irrevocable as to the election made) sent to Wellcome:
 
             (i) return to Wellcome all of the products included in the Wellcome
        Contributed Business together with OTC Zovirax, JV Prescription  Zovirax
        and  any OTC  Switch Product  as to  which Wellcome  was the Originating
        Party, that  constitute JV  Business of  the Affected  JV Entities,  and
        Wellcome  shall pay to W-L  an amount equal to  50% of the Going Concern
        Value of W-L's interest in OTC Zovirax in the United States and any  OTC
        Switch Products as to which Wellcome was the Originating Party as of the
        most  recently  completed Fiscal  Quarter  preceding the  date  of W-L's
        election. W-L shall compensate Wellcome for the loss of its interest  in
        the  JV Business  of the Affected  JV Entities represented  by the Going
        Concern Value  of  any  OTC Switch  Product  as  to which  W-L  was  the
        Originating  Party and  any products developed  by the  JV Entity (other
        than the Line  Extensions) and any  products acquired by  the JV  Entity
        pursuant  to  Sections  6.03 and  6.04.  In  the event  of  any election
        pursuant to  this  clause (i),  Wellcome  shall retain  its  rights  and
        obligations in the Glaxo Arrangement; or
 
             (ii)  return to Wellcome  JV Prescription Zovirax,  OTC Zovirax and
        any OTC Switch Products as to  which Wellcome was the Originating  Party
        and,  in such event, W-L shall  compensate Wellcome for the remainder of
        its  interest  in  the  Affected   JV  Entities  (excluding  any   value
        attributable  to  JV Prescription  Zovirax,  OTC Zovirax,  any  such OTC
        Switch Products  or  the  Glaxo  Arrangement  but  including  any  value
        attributable  to  any  OTC  Switch  Product  as  to  which  W-L  was the
        Originating Party)  on a  basis  to be  negotiated  by the  Parties.  In
        addition,  Wellcome shall pay  W-L an amount  equal to 50%  of the Going
        Concern Value of its  interest in JV  Prescription Zovirax, OTC  Zovirax
        and  any  such OTC  Switch Products  as of  the most  recently completed
        Fiscal Quarter. In  the event of  any election pursuant  to this  clause
        (b),  Wellcome  shall retain  its rights  and  obligations in  the Glaxo
        Arrangement;
 
          (b) At any time on or after the fifth anniversary of the Closing  Date
     for  the initial JV  Implementation Agreement in (A)  the United States and
     Canada, if the Affected JV Entity is in the United States or Canada or  (B)
     the Remainder of the World (other than Canada) if the Affected JV Entity is
     in  the Remainder of the World (other than Canada), as the case may be, W-L
     shall have the right to, within 30 days after expiration or termination  of
     such  one year cure period by written notice (which shall be irrevocable as
     to the election made)  sent to Wellcome  to elect the  option set forth  in
     Section 14.04(a)(ii);
 
provided,  however, that  in the  event that  W-L elects  any of  the above with
respect to a JV Entity  in (i) the United States  or Canada such election  shall
also  apply to all other JV Entities in  the United States or Canada or (ii) the
Remainder of the World  (other than Canada), such  election shall also apply  to
all other JV Entities in the Remainder of the World (other than Canada).
 
     In  the event W-L exercises the option set forth in clause (a)(i), Wellcome
may elect to  sell its  interest in  the Affected JV  Entities to  W-L at  Going
Concern  Value (excluding any value attributable to JV Prescription Zovirax, OTC
Zovirax, any OTC Switch Products as to which Wellcome was the Originating  Party
and  the Glaxo Arrangement) and retain JV Prescription Zovirax, OTC Zovirax, any
OTC Switch  Products as  to which  Wellcome was  the Originating  Party and  its
interest  in the Glaxo Arrangement and compensate W-L as set forth in and to the
extent required by clause (a)(ii) above. If the Parties are unable to agree upon
a price within a period of three  months, Wellcome may offer to sell its  entire
economic  interest in the Affected JV  Entities excluding any value attributable
to OTC Zovirax, JV Prescription Zovirax and any OTC Switch Products as to  which
Wellcome  was the Originating Party to a third party; provided, however, that if
Wellcome offers such interest to a third party on price and other material terms
that are more favorable than those last offered to W-L, Wellcome shall offer the
terms of such third  party offer to  W-L in writing prior  to entering into  any
agreement with such third party. W-L shall then have 30 days to accept or reject
such  offer. If accepted,  the Parties shall  proceed to finalize  such sale and
purchase, and if rejected or if no response is given
 
                                       37
 
<PAGE>
within the 30-day  period, Wellcome may  sell such interest  to the third  party
only on such terms. In the event of any election pursuant to Section 14.04(a)(i)
as  a result of which Wellcome has  retained rights and obligations in the Glaxo
Arrangement, that retained interest shall be limited to the extent of any  prior
affirmative  elections made by Wellcome pursuant to Section 5.01(b) and Wellcome
shall have no continuing  right to make any  further elections pursuant to  that
Section.
 
     SECTION  14.05. W-L's Option  to Purchase Wellcome's  Interest in the Glaxo
Arrangement; Wellcome Tag-Along  Right. (a) Notwithstanding  the provisions  set
forth in Sections 14.03 and 14.04, and in the event that Wellcome or W-L, as the
case  may be, has elected to exercise  any of the provisions for termination set
forth in Sections 14.03 or 14.04, W-L, at its sole option, after giving Wellcome
written notice of its  intention to purchase Wellcome's  entire interest in  the
Glaxo Arrangement, shall negotiate in good faith to purchase such interest for a
price to reflect the value thereof but without ascribing any value to Wellcome's
interest  in the Glaxo Arrangement except  for products currently being marketed
or under development.  If, after 60  days, the  Parties cannot agree  on such  a
price,  W-L shall  send written  notice to  Wellcome that  W-L still  intends to
purchase Wellcome's  interest  in  the  Glaxo Arrangement,  and  W-L  shall  pay
Wellcome  the Going Concern Value of  Wellcome's interest as determined pursuant
to Section 15.03  within 30 days  following receipt of  the calculation of  such
amount.
 
     (b)  In the event W-L  shall assign, sell or  otherwise transfer its entire
interest in  the  Glaxo Arrangement  to  a third  party,  W-L will  assure  that
Wellcome's  interest in  the Glaxo  Arrangement is  assigned, sold  or otherwise
transferred on equivalent terms, and, in  such event, Wellcome hereby agrees  to
any such sale, assignment or transfer.
 
     SECTION 14.06. Waiver of Right to Terminate. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in  the event that a Party fails to give a notice of termination within the time
periods set forth  in Section 14.03  or 14.04, as  the case may  be, such  Party
shall  be deemed to have waived its right to terminate with respect to the event
or events which gave rise to such right to terminate.
 
     SECTION 14.07. Winding  Up and  Transfer of Assets;  Liquidation. Upon  the
occurrence  of an event of termination set  forth in Section 8.02, 14.01, 14.02,
14.03 or 14.04, the relevant  JV Entity shall continue  to exist solely for  the
purposes  of winding up its affairs in an orderly manner, liquidating its assets
and satisfying the claims of its creditors and its shareholders. No Party  shall
take  any action that is  inconsistent with, or not  necessary to or appropriate
for, winding up the business and affairs of any JV Entity. During the period  of
winding  up, the rights and obligations set forth in this Agreement with respect
to the management of any JV Entity  shall continue and, subject to Section  5.04
hereof,  the  relevant  Governing Board  shall  continue to  make  all decisions
relating to the conduct of any  remaining business or operations, including  any
decisions  relating to  the sale or  other disposition  of any assets  of any JV
Entity; provided, however, that if dissolution occurs as a result of an election
of a Party pursuant to Section 8.02, 14.01, 14.02, 14.03 or 14.04, then W-L  and
its  representatives on the relevant  Governing Board, unless other arrangements
are agreed to  by the Parties,  shall have the  exclusive right to  wind up  the
business  of the Affected JV Entities and to liquidate their assets and may also
elect to exercise the right to continue the business of the Affected JV Entities
in accordance with relevant law.
 
     SECTION 14.08. Rationalization  of Interests; Tax  Indemnification. In  the
event  of any restructuring event which occurs  pursuant to Section 8.02 or this
Article XIV, the capital  accounts or capital stock  accounts of the Parties  in
the  JV Entities affected by the restructuring  event shall be dealt with in the
manner provided by  the relevant  JV Implementation  Agreement. In  the event  a
Party  shall commence  termination of  a JV Entity  pursuant to  14.02, 14.03 or
14.04 or shall have undergone a Change of Control pursuant to Section 8.02, that
Party shall indemnify the  JV Entity on  an after-tax basis  for any income  tax
liability  of the JV Entity attributable  to such termination. The Parties shall
cooperate  to  minimize  any  adverse   tax  consequences  resulting  from   the
application of the provisions of this Article XIV.
 
     SECTION  14.09.  Termination  of  Related  Agreements.  In  the  event that
Wellcome withdraws  any products  or W-L  returns any  products to  Wellcome  in
accordance  with this Article XIV, the Wellcome Operative Documents with respect
to such products  shall terminate  with respect  to such  products following  an
orderly  transition period, except to the  extent such termination is agreed not
to be  necessary based  on  the commercial  requirements  of the  Parties.  With
respect  to  any  products not  withdrawn  or returned,  the  Wellcome Operative
Documents shall survive in accordance with their
 
                                       38
 
<PAGE>
respective terms upon any termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that
in the event W-L  purchases Wellcome's interest in  any JV Entities pursuant  to
Article XIV, such Operative Documents shall terminate unless otherwise agreed by
the  Parties, and Wellcome  shall assign, without  additional consideration, its
entire right, title and  interest in and to  the affected products or  otherwise
make  such products available to W-L  on an irrevocable, exclusive, royalty-free
(subject to any applicable third party royalties) and perpetual basis, it  being
understood that the valuation of Wellcome's interest shall reflect the transfers
contemplated  by this proviso. Any payment  by W-L for Wellcome's interest shall
be made to  Wellcome or its  Affiliates as  their interests may  appear. In  the
event  products  are  returned to  Wellcome,  the Parties  shall  use reasonable
efforts to accommodate each other's needs in respect of transition arrangements,
including, without  limitation,  the transfer  of  any regulatory  approvals  or
licenses with respect to such products.
 
     SECTION  14.10. Failure to  Satisfy Required Conditions.  In the event that
any transaction contemplated  by the provisions  of this Article  XIV cannot  be
consummated by reason of the inability to satisfy any governmental, statutory or
regulatory  approval or  consent which  may be  required as  a condition  to the
consummation thereof, including,  without limitation, any  required approval  of
Wellcome  shareholders having  been sought and  not given, the  Parties agree to
negotiate in good faith, subject to  their respective fiduciary duties (and  any
required  approvals or consents), an alternative to the transaction which cannot
be so consummated  with a  view to  obtaining for each  of the  Parties (in  the
manner  most effective  under the  circumstances) the  economic benefits desired
under the application provisions of this Article XIV.
 
     SECTION 14.11. Definitional Clarification. For purposes of Sections  14.02,
14.03  and 14.04  of this  Article XIV,  the term  Wellcome Contributed Business
shall be deemed to exclude OTC Zovirax and JV Prescription Zovirax.
 
                                   ARTICLE XV
                                    GENERAL
 
     SECTION 15.01. Expenses.  Wellcome and  W-L shall bear  their own  expenses
incurred  in connection with this Agreement  and the Operative Documents and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and preparation
therefor, including,  without  limitation,  all  expenses  of  their  respective
representatives  on each  Governing Board and  all Taxes  incurred in connection
with the  assignment  and transfer  of  any assets  to  a JV  Entity;  provided,
however,  that each Party shall,  and shall cause such  JV Entity, to the extent
legally able to do so, to deliver to any other Party that is required by law  to
collect any such transfer or similar taxes an exemption certificate, in form and
substance  satisfactory to such Party, with respect to such Taxes. In connection
with the application of this Section  15.01, the Parties shall cooperate  within
reason to minimize any tax consequences to both Parties.
 
     SECTION  15.02. Assignment and Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of
Article XII, this Agreement and any of the rights or obligations hereunder shall
not be assignable by any  Party without the prior  written consent of the  other
Party  hereto. This Agreement shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of
the Parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.
 
     SECTION 15.03. Inability  to Agree  Upon Value.  In the  event the  Parties
cannot  agree on any determination of Going Concern Value, the fair market value
of a product or the fair market value of a contribution to a JV Entity within  a
period of 90 days following the event requiring the determination of such value,
each  Party shall  choose an investment  banker to determine  such Going Concern
Value or other  value, which Going  Concern Value  or other value  shall be  the
average  of the  two values  determined by  such investment  bankers, unless the
higher value exceeds the lower value by more than ten percent, in which case the
Going Concern Value or other value shall be  one or the other of such values  as
decided by an investment banker selected by the first two investment bankers.
 
     SECTION  15.04. Financial Consolidation. To  the extent presently permitted
by U.S. GAAP, the Parties intend that W-L shall consolidate the sales of each JV
Entity for U.S. GAAP financial reporting purposes.
 
                                       39
 
<PAGE>
     SECTION  15.05.  Notices.   All  notices,  demands,   requests  and   other
communications  required or permitted to be  given hereunder shall be in writing
and deemed duly given  on the date  delivered by hand,  mailed by registered  or
certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,  or by  overnight  courier  or  by facsimile
transmission the receipt  of which is  confirmed by telephone  and, pending  the
designation of another address, addressed as follows:
 
          If to Wellcome:
 
           Wellcome plc
           Unicorn House
           160 Euston Road
           London NW1 2BP ENGLAND
 
           Attn: Company Secretary
 
          With a copy to:
 
           Burroughs Wellcome Co.
           3030 Cornwallis Road
           Research Triangle Park, NC 27709
 
           Attn: Company Secretary
 
          If to W-L:
 
           Warner-Lambert Company
           201 Tabor Road
           Morris Plains, NJ 07950
 
        (1) Attn: Vice President, Planning,
                Investment and Development
 
        (2) Attn: Vice President and General Counsel
 
     SECTION  15.06. Parties in Interest. Nothing  in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any Person,
firm or corporation other than the Parties  hereto any remedy or claim under  or
by  reason of this Agreement,  all of which shall be  for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the Parties hereto.
 
     SECTION  15.07.  Press  Releases.  All  press  releases  or  other   public
communication  relating to the terms of this  Agreement, the JV Entities and the
other Operative Documents  (other than  announcements, summaries  or reports  of
previously disclosed information) shall be subject, except as otherwise required
by  law or the rules of any regulatory  authority, to the prior approval of each
of Wellcome and W-L, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
     SECTION 15.08.  Headings;  Schedules;  Counterparts. The  headings  of  the
Sections  and Articles of this Agreement are inserted as a matter of convenience
and for reference purposes only, and are of no binding effect.
 
     All Exhibits or  Schedules delivered  pursuant to this  Agreement shall  be
deemed  part of this Agreement and  incorporated herein, where applicable, as if
fully set forth  herein. All  statements contained  in any  Exhibit or  Schedule
delivered  by or  on behalf  of the  parties hereto,  or in  connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, are an integral part of this Agreement. It  is
also understood that the forms included in the Supplemental Document Package may
require  alteration to conform to local custom, practice or usage. Variations in
those forms will be negotiated in good faith by the Parties.
 
     This Agreement may be signed in  any number of counterparts, each of  which
for  all purposes shall  be deemed to be  an original and  all of which together
shall constitute the same agreement.
 
     SECTION  15.09.  Entire  Agreement;   Amendment;  Severability.  (a)   This
Agreement,  including the Exhibits and Schedules  hereto and the other Operative
Documents represent the entire understanding  and agreement between the  Parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement can be amended,
modified,  supplemented, extended, terminated (except as provided in Article XIV
hereof), discharged  or changed  only by  an agreement  in writing  which  makes
specific reference to this Agreement and which is signed by all Parties.
 
                                       40
 
<PAGE>
     (b) If and to the extent that any court of competent jurisdiction holds any
provision   (or  any  part   thereof)  of  this  Agreement   to  be  invalid  or
unenforceable, such holding shall in no way affect the validity of the remainder
of the Agreement.
 
     (c) If and to the extent compliance with any provision of this Agreement or
any other Operative Document, in the reasonable opinion of a Party, would result
in a  violation of  law or  regulation, such  Party need  not comply  with  such
provision,  provided that such  Party shall provide,  to the extent practicable,
prior written  notice to  the other  Party and,  where not  practicable,  prompt
notice following such non-compliance.
 
     SECTION 15.10. Waiver; Compliance. Any failure of Wellcome or W-L to comply
with  any obligation, covenant,  agreement or condition  herein contained may be
expressly waived, in  writing only, by  the other Party  hereto and such  waiver
shall  be effective only in  the specific instance and  for the specific purpose
for which made or given.
 
     SECTION 15.11. Confidentiality. (a) No Party shall, during the period while
any provision of  this Agreement is  in effect and  for a period  of five  years
after  all other  provisions of  this Agreement  have ended  or been terminated,
disclose any  information (that  is not  publicly available  or generally  known
other  than by breach of the provisions of this Agreement or made available by a
third party which  is not  in breach of  an obligation  of confidentiality)  (i)
regarding  the terms of this Agreement and  of the other Operative Documents and
in particular  the terms  of the  provisions  relating to  a Change  of  Control
contained  in Article VIII hereof or in  any other of the Operative Documents or
(ii) obtained by such Party pursuant  to or in connection with the  negotiation,
delivery  and performance of this Agreement  or the other Operative Documents or
the consummation of the transactions  contemplated thereby to any Person,  other
than  its Affiliates;  except (v)  with the prior  written consent  of the other
Party; (w)  to the  extent necessary  to  comply with  the requirements  of  the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  the  London  Stock  Exchange  and  other
regulatory authorities:  (x) to  the  extent necessary  to  comply with  law  or
regulatory authority or the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction, in
which  event the Party making such disclosure shall so notify the other Party as
promptly as practicable (and if possible,  prior to making such disclosure)  and
shall  seek confidential treatment  of such information;  (y) in connection with
enforcement  of  such  Party's  rights   hereunder  or  (z)  disclosures  to   a
professional  advisor to such  Party in connection with  the performance by such
Party of its obligations hereunder.
 
     (b) To the extent practicable, upon any termination of this Agreement, each
Party hereto will redeliver all documents, work papers and other material of any
other Party,  specifically requested  to  be returned  by  a Party  in  writing,
relating  to  the  transactions  contemplated hereby,  and  all  copies  of such
materials, whether so  obtained before  or after  the execution  hereof, to  the
Party furnishing the same.
 
     SECTION  15.12. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process;
Agent for Service. (a) This Agreement shall be governed, construed and  enforced
in  accordance with  the laws  of the State  of New  York without  regard to the
applicable principles of conflicts of laws that might otherwise govern.
 
     (b) Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for
itself and its property, to the jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting
in New York or any Federal court of the United States sitting in the Borough  of
Manhattan  in the City of New York, and any appellate court from any such court,
in any suit, action or proceeding arising  out of or relating to this  Agreement
or  any of  the Operative  Documents, or for  recognition or  enforcement of any
judgment, and each of the Parties hereto hereby irrevocably and  unconditionally
agrees  that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be
heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by
law, by removal or  otherwise, in such  Federal court. It  shall be a  condition
precedent  to each Party's  right to bring  any such suit,  action or proceeding
that such suit, action or proceeding, in the first instance, be brought in  such
New  York  State  court  or, to  the  extent  permitted by  law,  by  removal or
otherwise, in such  Federal court  (unless such  suit, action  or proceeding  is
brought  solely to obtain  discovery or to  enforce a judgment),  and if each of
such New York state court and such Federal court refuses to accept  jurisdiction
with  respect thereto,  such suit,  action or proceeding  may be  brought in any
other court with jurisdiction. Neither Party may move to (i) transfer any  suit,
action  or proceeding from such New York State court or Federal court to another
jurisdiction, (ii) consolidate any  such suit, action  or proceeding brought  in
such  New York State court or Federal court with a suit, action or proceeding in
another jurisdiction  or  (iii) dismiss  any  such suit,  action  or  proceeding
brought in such New York
 
                                       41
 
<PAGE>
State  court or Federal court  for the purposes of  bringing the same in another
jurisdiction. Each Party agrees that a  final judgment in any such suit,  action
or  proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.
 
     (c) Each of the Parties  hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives,  to
the  fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it
may now  or hereafter  have  to the  laying  of venue  of  any suit,  action  or
proceeding  arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the Operative
Documents in any New York State court  sitting in New York or any Federal  court
sitting  in the Borough of Manhattan in the  City of New York. Each Party hereby
irrevocably waives, to the  fullest extent permitted by  law, the defense of  an
inconvenient  forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any
such court and further waives  the right to object,  with respect to such  suit,
action  or  proceeding, that  such court  does not  have jurisdiction  over such
Party.
 
     (d) Each Party  irrevocably consents  to service of  process on  it or  any
agent  for service  appointed from  time to  time (including  agents for service
appointed pursuant to clause (e) of  this Section 15.12) in the manner  provided
for  notices in Section 15.05. Nothing in  this Agreement shall affect the right
of either Party to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
     (e) Wellcome hereby  designates and  appoints Cahill Gordon  & Reindel  and
such  other persons (reasonably  satisfactory to W-L)  hereafter selected by it,
irrevocably agreeing in  writing so to  serve, as  its agent to  receive on  its
behalf  service of all process  in any proceedings referred  to in clause (b) of
this Section 15.12,  such service being  hereby acknowledged by  Wellcome to  be
effective and binding service in every respect.
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has caused this Agreement to
be  duly executed in its name and on its  behalf, all as of the date first above
written.
 
                                          WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY,
 
                                          by /s/ Fred G. Weiss
                                             ...................................
                                            Name: Fred G. Weiss
                                            Title: Vice President
 
                                          WELLCOME plc,
 
                                          by /s/ James M. T. Cochrane
                                             ...................................
                                            Name: James M.T. Cochrane
                                            Title: Director
 
                                       42

<PAGE>
                                                                      SCHEDULE 1
 
                             FORMAT FOR CALCULATING
                           CERTAIN PROFITS AND LOSSES
 
     JV Entity Items of Revenue:

            1.  Net Sales
     Less JV Entity Items of Expense:
 <TABLE>
          <S>   <C>                                                                                           <C>

            1.  Cost of Goods Sold
           *2.  Promotion
                     Allowances
                     Consumer
                     Other
           *3.  Advertising
                     Media
                     Production
                     Market Research
                     Other Advertising
           *4.  Selling
                     Field Selling
                     Detail Field Selling
                     Other Selling
           *5.  Distribution Operations
                     Freight
                     Operations............................................................................   A
           *6.  General Administration and Corporate Allocations...........................................   A
           *7.  R&D
            8.  Other (Income)/Expense.....................................................................   A
            9.  Royalties
           10.  JV Entity Taxes
                     Income Based Taxes
                     Excise, Sales, Transfer and Other Taxes...............................................   A
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (A) Indicates  an item of JV  Entity expense which shall  not be allocated with
     respect to OTC Zovirax in the United  States or any OTC Switch Product  for
     purposes  of  calculating  Special Profit  or  Loss, but  instead  shall be
     provided for by the Administrative Services Allocation.
 
* Many of these services will be  provided pursuant to a Marketing Services  and
  Development Agreement
 
                        DEFINITIONS FOR ITEMS OF EXPENSE
 
     1.  Cost of Goods Sold: The JV  Entity's purchased cost of products sold or
otherwise disposed.  Cost  of  goods  sold shall  include:  the  purchase  price
invoiced to the JV Entity by the Manufacturer pursuant to Section 7.01 or in the
case  of third party invoices, by such third party plus any freight, duty, third
party royalties or other  such charges, as applicable,  loss on returned  goods,
obsolete  or damaged goods,  other merchandise expense  and other such inventory
costs, all as determined in accordance with  U.S. GAAP on a first in, first  out
('FIFO') basis.
 
     2. Promotion: The summation of allowances, consumer and other.
 
          Allowances:  Costs include market and  trade development funds and any
     performance monies given to trade accounts to incentivize promotion at  the
     retail level.
 
          Consumer:  The costs of  promotional efforts directed  at the consumer
     which includes samples, couponing, sweepstakes and premiums.
 
                                       1
 
<PAGE>
          Other:  Miscellaneous  promotional   costs  which  include   displays,
     promotional packaging costs, trade literature, public relations, etc.
 
     3.  Advertising: The  summation of  Media, Production,  Market Research and
Other Advertising.
 
          Media:  Placement  expenses   associated  with   different  forms   of
     advertising, i.e. television, radio, magazine, billboard, agency fees, etc.
 
          Production:  Expenses associated with the development of the different
     forms of advertising, i.e. talent, filming, commercial development, etc.
 
          Market  Research:  The   cost  to   undertake  studies   to  gain   an
     understanding  of consumer preferences and behavior  as well as the cost of
     purchasing syndicated data.
 
          Other  Advertising:  Costs  associated   with  programs  directed   at
     professionals (dentists/doctors). These costs include convention, sampling,
     educational brochures, etc.
 
     4.  Selling: The summation of Field Selling, Detail Field Selling and Other
Selling.
 
          Field  Selling:  Field  sales  force  salaries,  benefits,   incentive
     bonuses,  travel  and entertainment,  training,  sales office  expense, car
     stock, relocation, auto, etc. Allocated to brand based on sales.
 
          Detail Field Selling:  Salaries, benefits,  incentive bonuses,  travel
     and  entertainment, auto, conventions, samples, supplies, etc. Allocated to
     brand based on number of details.
 
          Other Selling: Costs  related to  sales meeting  for launch  of a  new
     product or line extension and similar related costs.
 
     5.  Distribution  Operations:  The summation  of  freight  and distribution
operations.
 
          Freight: Cost of shipping product to the customer.
 
          Operations: Cost  of operating  distribution centers  and  warehouses,
     customer services and order entry.
 
     6.    General   Administration:   For   Marketing   Administration,   Sales
Administration,  Finance,   Human   Resources,  other   General   Administration
departments  serving  the  relevant  JV  Entity,  includes  salaries,  benefits,
temporary help  and departmental  expenses including  travel and  entertainment,
supplies, conventions, telephone, consultant fees, depreciation of furniture and
fixtures,  etc. In addition,  allocation for administrative  expenses from other
areas include  Credit and  Collection, Office  Services, Cafeteria,  Purchasing,
Library,   Accounting,  Health  Services,   Computer  System  Support,  building
occupancy.
 
          Corporate Allocations: Expenses  to be  allocated to  the relevant  JV
     Entity such as Legal, Security, Management bonuses.
 
     7.  R &  D: Costs,  including normal  allocations related  to OTC Research,
Product Development, Process Development and Packaging Development performed  by
W-L's Consumer Products Research and Development Division.
 
     8.  Other (Income)/Expense: Major  items include any  Glaxo Management Fee,
amortization expense for  JV Entity patents,  trademarks and goodwill,  interest
income or expense, (gain)/loss on sales of fixed assets and bad debt expense.
 
     9.  Royalties: Includes the royalty payable to Wellcome pursuant to Section
4.04 and other amounts payable pursuant  to license agreements entered into,  or
assigned to, by a JV Entity.
 
     10. JV Entity Taxes:
 
          Income  Based  Taxes: Taxes,  governmental  license fees  and turnover
     taxes based on the income or sales of a JV Entity, including any  penalties
     or interest thereon.
 
          Excise,  Sales, Transfer and Other  Taxes: Non-product specific taxes,
     Taxes or  other levies  and assessments  payable by  a JV  Entity, such  as
     certain  excise, sales  taxes on  purchases, transfer,  registration, value
     added,  withholding,  property,  payroll  or  other  governmental   levies,
     including any penalties or interest thereon.
 
                                       2


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 12
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 12
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
               COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ----------------------------------------------------
                                                               1993        1992       1991        1990       1989
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
                                                                             (Dollars in millions)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>
Earnings before income taxes and accounting changes.........  $318.5      $858.2     $221.5      $680.7     $591.6
Add:
  Interest on indebtedness -- excluding amount
     capitalized............................................    64.2        80.8       58.2        68.7       55.6
  Amortization of debt expense..............................      .5          .6         .4          .3        1.0
  Interest factor in rent expense(a)........................    25.4        23.4       22.3        20.6       17.9
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
     Adjusted Earnings......................................  $408.6      $963.0     $302.4      $770.3     $666.1
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
Fixed Charges:
  Interest on indebtedness..................................  $ 64.2      $ 80.8     $ 58.2      $ 68.7     $ 55.6
  Capitalized interest......................................     8.6         8.1        9.4         5.2        6.3
  Amortization of debt expense..............................      .5          .6         .4          .3        1.0
  Interest factor in rent expense(a)........................    25.4        23.4       22.3        20.6       17.9
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
     Total Fixed Charges....................................  $ 98.7      $112.9     $ 90.3      $ 94.8     $ 80.8
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges..........................     4.1(b)      8.5        3.3(c)      8.1        8.2
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
                                                              ------      ------     ------      ------     ------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (a) One  third of rental expense (which the company believes to be a reasonable
     approximation of the interest factor of such rental expense).
 
 (b) The company's ratio of earnings to  fixed charges for 1993 would have  been
     9.5 excluding the restructuring charge of $525.2 million.
 
 (c) The  company's ratio of earnings to fixed  charges for 1991 would have been
     9.4 excluding the restructuring charge of $544.0 million.
 
                                       i


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations


Overview
- --------

Warner-Lambert continued to take actions in 1993 to strengthen
its overall competitive position and to address changing market
conditions and customer needs.  During the year, the company
recorded net restructuring charges of $525 million pretax (after
tax $360 million or $2.67 per share), that included a charge for
a worldwide restructuring and plant rationalization program, a
gain on the sale of its chocolate/caramel business and a charge
for discontinuance of the Novon specialty polymers business. Also
in 1993, the company made several strategic acquisitions and
formed joint ventures with both Wellcome plc and Glaxo Holdings
plc that will develop and market a broad range of consumer health
care products.  

The company reported net sales in 1993 of $5,794 million, an
increase of 4 percent over 1992, reflecting a difficult operating
environment in the pharmaceutical business.  Net income in 1993
was $331 million or $2.45 per share compared to $644 million or
$4.78 per share in 1992.  In addition to the restructuring
charges, 1993 net income includes the impact of the adoption of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes" and SFAS No. 112, "Employers'
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits."  The Board of Directors
approved a 7 percent increase in the quarterly dividend rate,
payable in the first quarter of 1994.
 

Net Sales 
- ---------

Worldwide sales for 1993 were $5,794 million compared to $5,598
million in 1992, a 4 percent increase.  Unit volume gains and
price increases were each 3 percent.  Foreign exchange rate
changes had an unfavorable impact of 2 percent on 1993 sales. In
1992, sales increased 11 percent, led by a 6 percent gain in unit
volume and a 4 percent gain in price, with the remaining 1
percent gain attributable to net favorable foreign exchange rate
changes.
   
On a geographic basis, U.S. sales decreased $67 million or 2
percent to $2,747 million, principally due to a decrease in
pharmaceutical segment sales of 10 percent for reasons discussed
below.  International sales increased $263 million or 9 percent
to $3,047 million.  At constant exchange rates, international
sales increased 14 percent from 1992.  In 1992, U.S. sales
increased $199 million or 8 percent to $2,814 million and
international sales increased $340 million or 14 percent to
$2,784 million.  After adjusting for the impact of exchange rate
changes, 1992 international sales increased 12 percent over 1991
levels.
<PAGE>
Pharmaceutical Products
- -----------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              1993             1992        1991 
                          ------------    -------------  -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
<S>                           <C>               <C>         <C>
Net Sales                 $ 2,114  -7%    $ 2,280  +13%  $ 2,014
</TABLE>
Worldwide sales of pharmaceutical products in 1993 decreased 7
percent compared to 1992, with U.S. sales down 10 percent to
$1,083 million and international sales down 4 percent to $1,031
million.  At constant exchange rates, international sales
increased 2 percent from 1992. U.S. sales of pharmaceutical
products were $118 million less than 1992 primarily due to U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulatory issues related to
the company's pharmaceutical manufacturing.  Compliance with FDA
restrictions (including the consent decree described below), 
resulted in an estimated aggregate loss of sales revenue of
approximately $135 million in 1993.  In addition, Medicaid
rebates, which began in 1991, state programs and other related
rebate programs reduced net sales (and income before taxes) by
$57 million in 1993, compared to $37 million in 1992 and $15
million in 1991. 

In addition to the negative impact of foreign exchange rates,
international pharmaceutical sales were affected by the impact of
1993 health care reform measures in Germany, reflecting
restrictive government cost containment regulations.

Pharmaceutical products with worldwide sales growth during the
year included the cardiovascular drug ACCUPRIL, CAPSUGEL empty
hard-gelatin capsules and COGNEX, which was introduced in the
U.S. during the third quarter of 1993 for the treatment of mild-
to-moderate Alzheimer's disease.     

On December 30, 1993, the company received FDA authorization to
market NEURONTIN (gabapentin) as a new add-on epilepsy therapy. 
In 1993, the company launched NEURONTIN in the United Kingdom and
is attempting to obtain marketing approval in other major
European markets in 1994.  In addition, three studies are under
way in the U.S. and Europe on the potential of NEURONTIN as a
first-line therapy.  

During the third quarter of 1993, the company entered into a
consent decree with the FDA, covering issues related to
compliance with manufacturing and quality procedures.  The decree
is a court-approved agreement that primarily requires the company
to certify that laboratory and/or manufacturing procedures at its
pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Puerto
Rico meet current Good Manufacturing Practices established by the
FDA.  Warner-Lambert has made significant progress in resolving
many of the issues relating to this matter and most of its
pharmaceutical products have returned to full manufacture and
distribution.
<PAGE>
In conjunction with the FDA, Warner-Lambert is also conducting
validity assessments of FDA filings made with respect to products
manufactured or to be manufactured at its facilities in Puerto
Rico, due to discrepancies found in data generated at these
facilities.  The FDA has deferred substantive scientific reviews
of pending New Drug Applications (NDA) and Abbreviated New Drug
Applications for products to be manufactured at those facilities
(including the oral contraceptive ESTROSTEP), and for
supplements to such applications for products currently
manufactured at those facilities, until further assessment of
Warner-Lambert filings are completed.  Warner-Lambert has pledged
its full cooperation and has actively worked with the FDA to
resolve all issues relating to this matter. However, it is not
possible to predict when these issues will finally be resolved or
whether the FDA will take additional action.

The U.S. patent for LOPID, a lipid-regulator, expired in January
1993, subjecting LOPID to generic competition.  In December 1992,
the company, through its division, Warner Chilcott Laboratories,
began marketing gemfibrozil, the generic equivalent of LOPID. In
the third quarter of 1993, competitive generic versions of
gemfibrozil tablets were authorized for U.S. marketing.  Combined
worldwide sales of LOPID and gemfibrozil declined 10 percent from
1992 and further erosion is anticipated in 1994.      

In 1992, worldwide sales of pharmaceutical products increased 13
percent over 1991 levels, with U.S. and international sales
increasing 12 percent and 14 percent, respectively.  Products
with U.S. sales growth included LOPID, ACCUPRIL, the oral
contraceptive LOESTRIN and CAPSUGEL.  International sales growth
reflected gains achieved by ACCUPRIL, LOPID, the cardiovascular
drug DILZEM, and CAPSUGEL.


Consumer Health Care Products
- -----------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            1993             1992          1991   
                        ------------     ------------    -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
<S>                         <C>               <C>           <C>
Net Sales               $ 2,374  +12%    $ 2,129  +9%    $ 1,960
</TABLE>
Worldwide sales of consumer health care products grew $245
million or 12 percent over 1992.  The growth was partly due to
the March 1993 acquisition of the principal operations of
WILKINSON SWORD that increased the year-to-year comparison by 6
percentage points.  U.S. sales grew 3 percent to $1,159 million,
while international sales rose 21 percent to $1,215 million.  At
constant exchange rates, international sales increased 25 percent
from 1992.  Products that achieved growth in the U.S. during 1993
were HALLS cough tablets, BENADRYL antihistamine and E.P.T. pregnancy
test kits.  Major contributors to international sales growth were
HALLS, TETRA pet care products, SCHICK and WILKINSON
shaving products.  

<PAGE>
In December 1993, Warner-Lambert signed separate agreements with
both Wellcome plc and Glaxo Holdings plc to establish joint
ventures in various countries to develop and market a broad range
of non-prescription consumer health care products.  Warner-
Lambert's agreement with Wellcome calls for both companies to
contribute to the joint ventures current and future over-the-
counter (OTC) products.  Warner Wellcome joint ventures in both
the U.S. and Canada commenced operations in January 1994.  Joint
ventures are expected to be established in Europe and Australia
in 1994 and ultimately in other countries throughout the world. 
After a two-year phase-in period, Warner-Lambert will receive
approximately 70 percent and Wellcome 30 percent of the profits
generated in the U.S.  An NDA for the conversion to OTC use of
Wellcome's anti-viral drug ZOVIRAX as an anti-herpes medication
was filed with the FDA in August 1993.  Subject to such
conversion, OTC profits on ZOVIRAX in the U.S. will be shared in
favor of Wellcome.  Profits on current products will be shared
equally in Canada, Australia and Europe.  Profits on ZOVIRAX
cream outside the U.S. will also be shared equally, subject to a
royalty to Wellcome if sales exceed a threshold amount.  Other
future OTC switch products will be subject to a profit split in
favor of the innovator.  Warner-Lambert will have voting control
of each joint venture with Wellcome and will consolidate the
financial results beginning in 1994.

Warner-Lambert and Glaxo formed a joint venture in the U.S. that
commenced operations in December 1993.  The joint venture will
develop, seek approval of and market OTC versions of Glaxo
prescription drugs in the U.S., including ZANTAC, its leading
pharmaceutical product.  Additional joint ventures are expected
to be formed with Glaxo in other major markets outside the U.S.,
excluding Japan.  Warner-Lambert and Glaxo will share development
costs and profits equally, with Glaxo receiving a royalty on all
OTC sales by the joint ventures.  

In 1992, worldwide sales of consumer health care products
increased 9 percent over 1991.  U.S. sales grew 5 percent and 
international sales rose 13 percent.  Key brands achieving growth
in the U.S. were COOL MINT LISTERINE Antiseptic mouthwash
(introduced in June 1992) and LUBRIDERM skin lotion. 
International sales growth was led by LISTERINE mouthwash, HALLS,
SCHICK and TETRA. 
<PAGE>
Confectionery Products
- ----------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             1993             1992          1991 
                         -------------    -------------   -------
                                     (Dollars in millions)
<S>                          <C>               <C>           <C>
Net Sales                $ 1,306  +10%    $ 1,189  +10%   $ 1,085
</TABLE>

Worldwide sales of confectionery products increased 10 percent in
1993.  U.S. sales increased 3 percent to $505 million while
international sales rose 14 percent to $801 million.  At constant
exchange rates, international sales increased 17 percent from
1992.  U.S. sales growth was led by TRIDENT sugarless gum, the
new MINT*A*BURST mint chewing gum (introduced in December 1993)
and CINN*A*BURST cinnamon chewing gum.  International sales
growth was led by TRIDENT, CLORETS gums and mints, CINN*A*BURST
and MENTOS mints.  In addition, sales increased due to product
expansion into new markets and partly due to the acquisition of
the remaining 51 percent interest in an Italian confectionery
joint venture.

In the fourth quarter of 1993 the company sold its
chocolate/caramel business, which included the Junior Mints, 
Sugar Daddy, Sugar Babies, Charleston Chew! and Pom Poms product
lines. These products accounted for less than 4 percent of 1993
confectionery sales.

In 1992, worldwide sales of confectionery products increased 10
percent over 1991, with U.S. and international sales increasing 
3 percent and 15 percent, respectively.  U.S. sales growth was
led by CINN*A*BURST, BUBBLICIOUS chewing gum and TRIDENT. 
International sales growth reflected the continued success of
CLORETS, TRIDENT and BUBBLICIOUS.


Cost and Expenses
- -----------------

Cost of goods sold increased 6 percent to $1,918 million in 1993
following a 12 percent increase to $1,814 million in 1992.  In
addition to increased volume, the increase was due to costs
related to regulatory compliance issues in the pharmaceutical
segment combined with the inclusion of acquired companies'
results in both the consumer health care and confectionery
segments.  In 1992, cost of goods sold increased due to higher
production costs at the company's Puerto Rico manufacturing
locations.  Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales
increased to 33.1% in 1993 from 32.4% in 1992.  The increase was
primarily attributable to the pharmaceutical segment.  The 1992
ratio increased .3 percentage point from 32.1% in 1991, primarily
due to higher costs at the Puerto Rico manufacturing locations.


<PAGE>
Marketing expense rose 5 percent to $2,196 million in 1993
following an 11 percent increase and a $2,099 million investment
in 1992.  The increase in 1993 was due to the inclusion of
acquired companies' results, the introduction of new products
such as COGNEX and MINT*A*BURST and sales force expansions in
international markets.  In 1992, marketing expenses increased due
to continued support of new and existing products.  As a
percentage of net sales, these expenses were 37.9% in 1993 and
37.5% in both 1992 and 1991.  

Administrative and general expense of $400 million increased 6
percent from $377 million in 1992 mainly due to costs associated
with corrective actions aimed at regulatory compliance issues at
certain manufacturing facilities, coupled with the inclusion of
acquired companies' results.  1992 expenses were 2 percent lower
than 1991, reflecting lower stock appreciation rights expense and
a decrease in the cost of certain employee benefits and savings
related to 1991 restructuring actions, which included a voluntary
retirement incentive program.

Research and development expense totaled $465 million in 1993,
decreasing 2 percent from 1992, following a 12 percent increase
in 1992.  The decrease reflected the absence of spending on the
Novon business due to its discontinuance and more focused R&D
spending on selected pharmaceutical projects. In 1992, the
increase primarily reflected the company's commitment to expand
research efforts in pharmaceutical products.   

Other (income) expense, net of $(29) million increased $(4)
million over 1992, partially reflecting lower financial expense
in Brazil, due to improved cash flow.  For 1992, other (income)
expense, net of $(25) million declined $13 million, primarily
attributable to higher debt levels and financial expense in
Brazil, reflecting the country's restrictive monetary policy and
economic conditions.  

Restructuring Actions
- ---------------------

A net restructuring charge of $525 million pretax ($360 million
after tax or $2.67 per share) is included in 1993 results, (see
Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.)

<PAGE>
The pretax charge reflects a provision of $70 million in the
first quarter for the disposition of the Novon Products Group. 
In November, the company discontinued the operations of the Novon
Products Group.  The pretax charge also reflects a gain of $13
million in the fourth quarter on the sale of the
chocolate/caramel business and a charge of $468 million in the
fourth quarter for a program covering the rationalization of
manufacturing facilities, principally in North America, including
the eventual closing of seven plants, and for organizational
restructuring and related workforce reductions of about 2,800
positions over the next several years.  This program was prompted
by the combined impact of rapid and profound changes in the
company's competitive environment.  These changes include the
growing impact of managed health care and other cost-containment
efforts in the U.S., cost regulations in Europe and changes in
U.S. tax law.  

The company estimates that on completion of these actions it will
generate average annual pretax savings of approximately $150
million by the year 1997.  The company will invest these savings
in its core businesses to further strengthen its overall
competitive position and enhance its long-term profitability.


Accounting Changes
- ------------------

The company adopted, effective January 1, 1993, Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes," which increased net income by $63 million or $.47
per share; and SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits," which decreased net income by $17
million ($27 million pretax)or $.13 per share.  


Income Taxes
- ------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    1993        1992       1991
                                    ----        ----       ----
<S>                                  <C>         <C>        <C>
Effective tax rate before
 accounting changes:
  As reported                       10.5%       25.0%      36.4%
  Excluding restructuring           23.5%       25.0%      27.0%
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
The 1993 effective tax rate before accounting changes and
excluding restructuring declined to 23.5 percent due to the
retroactive extension of the research tax credit enacted as part
of the passage of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993
by Congress, as well as an overall lower international tax rate. 
The decline in the 1993 reported effective tax rate compared to
1992, was principally due to the effect of a 31.4 percent tax
benefit rate associated with the 1993 restructuring actions, (see
Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements).  In 1992, the
decrease in the effective tax rate excluding restructuring from
the 1991 rate was primarily a result of an overall lower
international tax rate.  

Primarily as a result of the passage of the above legislation,
including changes to Section 936 of the Internal Revenue Code,
the company estimates that its effective tax rate will increase
in 1994 by approximately 1.5 to 2.5 percentage points.


Net Income
- ----------

Net income in 1993 was $331 million or $2.45 per share compared
to $644 million or $4.78 per share in 1992.  The decrease 
primarily reflects the restructuring actions partially offset by
the net favorable impact of the adoption of the accounting
changes.  Excluding the 1993 one-time net restructuring charge of
$360 million or $2.67 per share and the net impact of the
accounting changes of $46 million or $.34 per share, net income
was $645 million, in line with 1992.  Earnings per share was
$4.78,  unchanged from 1992 principally due to the pharmaceutical
segment, where regulatory issues related to the company's
pharmaceutical manufacturing had a negative impact on both sales
and profits.  In 1992, net income and earnings per share
increased 15 percent, excluding the 1991 impact of the one-time
charges and the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 106.


Inflation
- ---------

Inflation has not been a significant factor in Warner-Lambert's
business because of the modest rates of inflation in the U.S. and
the principal foreign countries in which the company maintains
operations.  However, the company operates in certain Latin
American countries that have continued to experience currency
exchange rate deterioration and high rates of inflation,
principally Brazil and Venezuela.  The company has continued to
mitigate the impact of inflation and devaluation in such
countries through the use of working capital management, cost
containment measures, financing and, to the extent possible,
price increases.


<PAGE>
Liquidity and Capital Resources
- -------------------------------

Selected financial data presented below: 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    1993        1992        1991
                                    ----        ----        ----
<S>                                  <C>         <C>         <C>
Return on average shareholders' 
    equity
  As reported                        23%         48%          3%
  Excluding restructuring and 
    accounting changes               40%         48%         36%
Return on average total assets
  As reported                         7%         17%          1%
  Excluding restructuring and 
    accounting changes               14%         17%         16%  
</TABLE>

Total cash and cash equivalents amounted to $441 million at
December 31, 1993, a decrease of $278 million from 1992. The
company generated $466 million from operating activities and
received $436 million in net borrowings in 1993.  These funds
were used for acquisitions of businesses of $429 million, to pay
dividends of $308 million, to finance purchases of property,
plant and equipment of $347 million and to repurchase company
stock in the amount of $112 million.  The company also holds $161
million in securities and time deposits that do not qualify as
cash equivalents.  Net debt (total debt less total cash and cash
equivalents, a portion of investments and other assets) of $598
million at December 31, 1993 changed from a net cash position of
$77 million at December 31, 1992.  

At December 31, 1992, total cash and cash equivalents amounted to
$718 million, an increase of $183 million from 1991. The increase
primarily reflected cash flows from operations exceeding
expenditures for investing and financing activities.  Net cash of
$77 million at December 31, 1992 improved from $27 million at
December 31, 1991.

Trade receivables days sales outstanding (DSO) increased to 45
days in 1993 compared to 42 days in 1992.  The increase was
primarily attributable to the consumer health care segment.  This
segment had higher DSO due to increased international sales,
which traditionally have a higher DSO than the company overall,
combined with the impact of acquired companies, which also have
higher DSO than the company.  The inventory turnover rate
decreased to 3.9 from the previous year's 4.2, reflecting the
impact of regulatory compliance issues in the pharmaceutical
segment. 

<PAGE>
Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were $347 million
in 1993, $334 million in 1992 and $326 million in 1991.  Capital
expenditures planned by the company include $455 million to be
spent over the next several years for the consolidation and
upgrading of manufacturing, distribution and research facilities,
and for organizational restructuring in connection with the
company's restructuring plans announced in 1993 and 1991.  The
company estimates that 1994 expenditures for property, plant and
equipment will be approximately $360 million.


Acquisitions/Investments
- ------------------------

During 1993, Warner-Lambert completed the following acquisitions
and investments:

o    September 1993 - Acquired Willinger Bros., Inc., a
     privately owned manufacturer and distributor of
     aquarium products; and acquired CACHOU LAJAUNIE, a
     French manufacturer of breath freshening
     confectioneries.  

o    July 1993 - Acquired the consumer health products
     business of Fisons plc in Australia and New Zealand. 
     The Fisons operations include the ROSKEN line of
     therapeutic skin care products.  

o    March 1993 - Acquired the European, U.S. and Canadian
     operations of WILKINSON SWORD, an international
     manufacturer and marketer of razors and blades.

o    January 1993 - The company purchased a 34 percent
     equity interest in Jouveinal S.A., a French
     pharmaceutical company; and acquired the remaining 51
     percent interest in an Italian confectionery joint
     venture.  

The cash consideration for all of the above acquisitions and
investments totaled $429 million.

Liquidity and the availability of adequate credit provide the
company with a high degree of flexibility to meet its obligations
and allow it to take advantage of growth opportunities.  The
company has unused available lines of credit from banks totaling
$1.0 billion. 

The company's bond ratings by Standard and Poor's Corporation
(AA), and Moody's Investor Services (Aa3) did not change during
1993.

Through December 31, 1993, the company has purchased
approximately 88 percent of the 20 million shares of common stock
authorized for repurchase from shareholders. 

<PAGE>
Insurance
- ---------

Consistent with trends in the pharmaceutical industry, the
company self-insures, up to certain threshold amounts, against
certain types of risk. The company also has in place risk
management programs to minimize exposure to loss. Management
believes its overall risk management programs are adequate to
protect its assets and earnings against significant loss. 


Environment
- -----------

The company maintains control systems designed to assure
compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental
laws and regulations.  During 1993, management initiated a
worldwide audit program to enhance environmental compliance with
a growing number of increasingly complex environmental
regulations.  The company is involved in various environmental
matters, including actions initiated by the Environmental
Protection Agency under the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act, also known as Superfund, or by
state authorities under similar state legislation or other
parties.  It is not possible to predict with certainty the
outcome of such matters or the total cost of remediation.  In the
opinion of management, such proceedings will not result in a
material adverse effect on the company's financial position,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations for any year.

Other
- -----

The Clinton Administration has identified the containment of
health care costs as a major priority.  The Administration's
proposed health care plan, along with a number of alternative
proposals, if enacted, will likely have an adverse impact on the
pharmaceutical industry.

Shareholder Information
- -----------------------

Book value per share of common stock at year-end 1993 was $10.36
compared with $11.29 in 1992, reflecting the impact of the 1993
restructuring charges.  Cash dividends paid in 1993 totaled $308
million, or $2.28 per share, a 12 percent increase over the $2.04
annual dividend paid in 1992.  In January 1994, the Board of
Directors approved a 7 percent increase in the quarterly dividend
rate to $.61 cents per share payable in the first quarter of
1994. 

<PAGE>

Dividend payments per share in 1993 and 1992 were as follows: 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1993        1992
                                 -----       -----
<S>                                <C>         <C>
First quarter                    $ .57       $ .51
Second quarter                     .57         .51
Third quarter                      .57         .51
Fourth quarter                     .57         .51
                                 -----       -----
                                 $2.28       $2.04
</TABLE>

Dividends have been paid on Warner-Lambert's common stock since
its listing on the New York Stock Exchange in 1951.  Annual
dividend payments per share have increased for 42 consecutive
years.

Warner-Lambert's common stock ticker symbol is WLA. The principal
market on which the stock is traded is the New York Stock
Exchange, but it is also listed and traded on the following
domestic and international stock exchanges: Chicago, Pacific,
London and Zurich. The average number of common shares
outstanding in 1993 and 1992 was 135,000,000 and 134,717,000,
respectively. Shareholders of record totaled approximately 46,000
as of December 31, 1993 and 47,300 as of December 31, 1992. 
First Chicago Trust Company of New York serves as the sole stock
transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for
Warner-Lambert.

The high and low prices for Warner-Lambert's common stock for the
periods indicated were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         1993                    1992
                   -----------------      ------------------
                     High      Low          High       Low
                   -------   -------      -------    -------
<S>                  <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>
First quarter      $70 3/4   $59 3/4      $79 1/4    $62 1/8
Second quarter      76 3/8    67           65 7/8     58 3/8
Third quarter       71 3/4    62 1/2       68 1/8     60 3/4
Fourth quarter      72        63 3/8       72 3/8     62 1/8
</TABLE>
Warner-Lambert common stock closed at $67 1/2 on December 31,
1993.


<PAGE>                            Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                          Five-year Summary of Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    1993         1992        1991         1990        1989
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
<S>                                  <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
RESULTS FOR YEAR:
  Net sales                      $ 5,794      $ 5,598     $ 5,059      $ 4,687     $ 4,196
  Cost of goods sold               1,918        1,814       1,626        1,515       1,383
  Research and development 
    expense                          465          473         423          379         309
  Income before income taxes
    and accounting changes           318 (a)      858         222 (c)      681         592
  Income before accounting 
    changes                          285 (a)      644         141 (c)      485         413
  Net income                         331 (a,b)    644          35 (c,d)    485         413
  Per common share (e):
    Income before accounting 
      changes                       2.11 (a)     4.78        1.05 (c)     3.61        3.05
    Net income                   $  2.45 (a,b)$  4.78     $   .26 (c,d)$  3.61     $  3.05
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR-END FINANCIAL POSITION:  
  Current assets                 $ 2,219      $ 2,176     $ 1,844      $ 1,559     $ 1,366
  Current liabilities              2,016        1,333       1,250        1,101       1,031
  Working capital                    203          843         594          458         335
  Property, plant and 
    equipment                      1,599        1,507       1,350        1,301       1,133
  Total assets                     4,828        4,077       3,602        3,261       2,860
  Long-term debt                     546          565         448          307         303
  Total debt                       1,199          736         576          537         506
  Shareholders' equity           $ 1,390      $ 1,528     $ 1,171      $ 1,402     $ 1,130
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCK INFORMATION (e):
  Average number of common
    shares outstanding 
    (in millions)                  135.0        134.7       134.4        134.3       135.3
  Common stock price per share:    
      High                       $76 3/8      $79 1/4     $82 1/4      $70 3/8     $59 3/8
      Low                         59 3/4       58 3/8      61 3/4       49 5/8      37 1/4
      Year-end                    67 1/2       69 1/8      77 5/8       67 1/2      57 3/4
  Book value per common share      10.36        11.29        8.70        10.44        8.38
  Cash dividends per 
    common share                 $  2.28      $  2.04     $  1.76      $  1.52     $  1.28
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER DATA:
  Capital expenditures           $   347      $   334     $   326      $   240     $  218
  Cash dividends paid                308          275         237          204        173
  Depreciation and amortization  $   170      $   156     $   135      $   120     $  105
  Number of employees 
    (in thousands)                    35           34          34           34         33
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a)  Includes a net restructuring charge of $525 pretax ($360 after tax or $2.67 per
     share).
(b)  Includes a credit of $63 or $.47 per share for the adoption of SFAS No. 109,
     "Accounting for Income Taxes" and a charge of $17 after tax or $.13 per share to
     adopt SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits."
(c)  Includes a restructuring charge of $544 pretax ($418 after tax or $3.11 per share).
(d)  Includes a charge of $106 after tax or $.79 per share to adopt SFAS No. 106, 
     "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."
(e)  Common stock data for 1989 have been restated to reflect a two-for-one stock split
     effected in May 1990.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
Segment Information                                                        

Industry Segments
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             Research and     
                           Net Sales (1)          Operating Profit (3)    Development Expense
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        1993    1992    1991    1993    1992    1991     1993    1992     1991
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          (Millions of dollars)
<S>                     <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>  
Pharmaceutical        $2,114  $2,280  $2,014  $  384  $  842  $  488   $ (382) $ (383)  $ (327)
Consumer Health Care   2,374   2,129   1,960     440     459     336      (61)    (70)     (75)
Confectionery          1,306   1,189   1,085     201     227     134      (22)    (20)     (21) 
                                                                      -------------------------
Research and Develop-
  ment Expense                                  (465)   (473)   (423)  $ (465) $ (473)  $ (423) 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales and 
  Operating Profit    $5,794  $5,598  $5,059     560   1,055     535
- --------------------------------------------
Corporate Expense (2)                           (242)   (197)   (313)
- ---------------------                         ----------------------
Income before income 
taxes and accounting
changes                                       $  318  $  858  $  222
- ---------------------                         ----------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Depreciation and
                       Identifiable Assets         Amortization          Capital Expenditures
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1993     1992    1991    1993    1992    1991    1993    1992      1991
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                (Millions of dollars)

Pharmaceutical       $1,769   $1,476  $1,307  $   72  $   67  $   56  $  160   $ 151    $  150
Consumer Health Care  1,491    1,088     982      61      53      43     115     109       117
Confectionery           680      620     574      29      26      24      60      54        46 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Subtotal           3,940    3,184   2,863     162     146     123     335     314       313
Corporate               888      893     739       8      10      12      12      20        13
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total             $4,828   $4,077  $3,602  $  170  $  156  $  135  $  347   $ 334    $  326
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Geographic Areas
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Net Sales (1)          Operating Profit (3)   Identifiable Assets
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1993     1992    1991    1993    1992    1991     1993    1992    1991
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                (Millions of dollars)

United States        $2,747   $2,814  $2,615  $  441  $  871   $ 723   $1,705  $1,616  $1,463 
Europe, Middle East
  and Africa          1,390    1,339   1,181     231     322      22    1,305     826     767
Americas and Far 
  East                1,657    1,445   1,263     353     335     213      930     742     633
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Subtotal           5,794    5,598   5,059   1,025   1,528     958    3,940   3,184   2,863
Research and develop-
  ment expense                                  (465)   (473)   (423)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total             $5,794   $5,598  $5,059  $  560  $1,055   $ 535   $3,940  $3,184  $2,863
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Export sales, intersegment sales and intergeographic area sales were not material.  
(2) Corporate expense included general corporate income and expense, corporate investment       
    income, interest expense and net foreign currency adjustments.
(3) Operating profit (loss) by industry segments and geographic areas included restructuring    
    charges (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements) as follows:
</TABLE>
Restructuring
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Industry Segments                                         Geographic Areas
- -------------------------------------               -------------------------------------------
                    1993         1991                                         1993        1991
- -------------------------------------               -------------------------------------------
                 (Millions of dollars)                                    (Millions of dollars)
<S>                  <C>         <C>                    <C>                     <C>         <C>
Pharmaceutical     $(314)       $(258)              United States            $(314)      $(112)
Consumer Health                                     Europe, Middle East
  Care              (105)        (103)                and Africa              (119)       (240)
Confectionery        (46)         (50)              Americas and Far East      (32)        (59)
- -------------------------------------               -------------------------------------------
  Operating loss    (465)        (411)                Operating loss         $(465)      $(411)
Corporate expense    (60)        (133)              -------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------
  Loss before 
    Income taxes   $(525)       $(544)
- -------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<PAGE>                Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                          Consolidated Statements of Income
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                1993        1992        1991
- --------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                          (Millions of dollars, 
                                        except per share amounts) 
 <S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
Net sales                           $5,793.7    $5,597.6    $5,059.0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Costs and expenses:
   Cost of goods sold                1,918.1     1,814.3     1,626.4
   Marketing                         2,196.5     2,099.1     1,895.6
   Administrative and general          399.6       377.4       385.7
   Research and development            464.9       473.5       423.2
   Other (income) expense, net         (29.1)      (24.9)      (37.4)
   Restructuring                       525.2          -        544.0  
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total costs and expenses      5,475.2     4,739.4     4,837.5
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before income taxes and 
   accounting changes                  318.5       858.2       221.5
   Provision for income taxes           33.5       214.5        80.7
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before accounting changes       285.0       643.7       140.8
   Accounting changes (net of tax)      46.0          -       (106.0)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                          $  331.0    $  643.7    $   34.8
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Per common share:       
   Income before accounting changes $   2.11    $   4.78    $   1.05   
   Accounting changes                    .34           -        (.79)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net income                       $   2.45    $   4.78    $    .26  
- --------------------------------------------------------------------


              Consolidated Statements of Retained Earnings

- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                1993        1992        1991
- --------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                          (Millions of dollars, 
                                        except per share amounts)
                                                                       
Retained earnings at beginning 
    of year                         $2,264.6    $1,895.7    $2,097.5
   Net income                          331.0       643.7        34.8
   Cash dividends paid
    on common shares                  (307.9)     (274.8)     (236.6)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Retained earnings at end of year    $2,287.7    $2,264.6    $1,895.7
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Cash dividends per common share     $   2.28    $   2.04    $   1.76  
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>
See notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>
                Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                         1993        1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 (Millions of dollars)
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>
Assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                   $  440.5    $  718.4
     Receivables, less allowances of 
       $20.5 in 1993 and $18.6 in 1992              890.8       752.8
     Inventories                                    476.5       424.6
     Prepaid expenses and other current 
       assets                                       410.9       280.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total current assets                  2,218.7     2,176.3

     Investments and other assets                   487.4       214.9
     Equity investments in 
       affiliated companies                         208.6        22.6
     Property, plant and equipment                1,599.3     1,507.1
     Intangible assets                              314.1       156.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total assets                         $4,828.1    $4,077.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------       
                           
Liabilities and shareholders' equity:
     Commercial Paper                            $  507.5    $     -
     Notes payable - banks and other                145.3       171.5  
     Accounts payable, trade                        427.1       399.4
     Accrued compensation                           116.9       112.3
     Other current liabilities                      638.8       493.3
     Federal, state and foreign income taxes        180.3       156.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total current liabilities             2,015.9     1,333.3

     Long-term debt                                 546.2       564.6
     Deferred income taxes                           69.2        52.2
     Other noncurrent liabilities                   807.2       598.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total liabilities                     3,438.5     2,548.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------

     Shareholders' equity:
       Preferred stock - none issued                   -           -
       Common stock - 160,330,268 shares 
         issued                                     160.3       160.3
       Capital in excess of par value               120.1       114.5
       Retained earnings                          2,287.7     2,264.6
       Cumulative translation adjustments          (224.8)     (159.7)
       Treasury stock, at cost:
         1993 - 26,190,513 shares; 
         1992 - 24,990,170 shares                  (953.7)     (851.2)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total shareholders' equity            1,389.6     1,528.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total liabilities and 
              shareholders' equity               $4,828.1    $4,077.4
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
                   Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                      1993      1992     1991 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               (Millions of dollars)
<S>                                            <C>       <C>      <C>
Operating Activities:
  Net income                               $ 331.0   $ 643.7  $  34.8
  Adjustments to reconcile 
    net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization          170.4     155.6    135.5
      Restructuring                          525.2        -     544.0
      Accounting changes (net of tax)        (46.0)       -     106.0
      Deferred income taxes                 (129.6)      5.6   (122.1)
      Changes in assets and liabilities,
        net of effects from acquisitions/
        dispositions of businesses:
          Receivables                       (134.1)   (172.6)   (45.9)
          Inventories                        (70.3)    (19.8)   (16.6)
          Accounts payable and accrued 
            liabilities                      (87.3)     27.6     53.1
          Federal, state and foreign 
            income taxes                       8.1      (3.0)    64.9
      Pension contributions                 (100.0)    (18.5)   (24.8) 
      Other items, net                        (1.2)     17.8      6.9
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
          Net cash provided by operating 
           activities                        466.2     636.4    735.8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Investing Activities:
  Purchase of investments                   (236.5)    (76.0)  (212.5)
  Proceeds from sale of investments          166.2      56.6    223.8
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment (347.1)   (334.3)  (326.0)
  Acquisitions of businesses                (429.0)       -      (2.5)
  Proceeds from disposition of businesses     83.4        -        -
  Other                                        4.4      18.2     11.7
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
          Net cash used by investing 
           activities                       (758.6)   (335.5)  (305.5)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities:
  Proceeds from borrowings                   627.6     332.8    281.5
  Principal payments on borrowings          (192.1)   (161.9)  (230.6)
  Purchase of treasury stock                (112.4)    (22.8)   (20.6)
  Cash dividends paid                       (307.9)   (274.8)  (236.6)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options     14.5      22.7     11.1
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
          Net cash provided (used) by  
           financing activities               29.7    (104.0)  (195.2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on 
   cash and cash equivalents                 (15.2)    (14.2)    (5.5)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and 
   cash equivalents                         (277.9)    182.7    229.6
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
   of year                                   718.4     535.7    306.1
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   $ 440.5   $ 718.4  $ 535.7
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>
                       Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                    (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies:

Basis of consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Warner-Lambert Company and all controlled,
majority-owned subsidiaries ("Warner-Lambert").  Substantially all
foreign subsidiaries and branches are consolidated on the basis of
fiscal years ending on November 30.  Investments in companies in which
Warner-Lambert's interest is between 20 percent and 50 percent are
accounted for using the equity method.

Cash equivalents - Cash equivalents include nonequity short-term
investments with original maturity dates of 90 days or less. 

Inventories - Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. 
Cost is determined principally on the basis of first-in, first-out or
standards which approximate average cost.

Property, plant and equipment - Property, plant and equipment are
recorded at cost.  The cost of maintenance, repairs, minor renewals
and betterments and minor equipment items is charged to income; the
cost of major renewals and betterments is capitalized.  Depreciation
is calculated for financial statement purposes generally by use of the
straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the
various classes of assets.

Intangible assets - Intangible assets are recorded at cost and are
amortized using the straight-line method over appropriate periods not
exceeding 40 years.

Income taxes - Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
109 was adopted effective January 1, 1993.  Under SFAS No. 109,
deferred taxes are based on temporary differences between assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and for tax purposes. 
Deferred taxes are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to
apply when temporary differences are settled or are realized.  Prior
to 1993, deferred taxes were computed based on Accounting Principles
Board Opinion (APB) No. 11.

Net income per share - Net income per share is computed based on the
average number of common shares outstanding during the year.  The
dilutive effect of common stock equivalents is immaterial.  The
average number of shares used in the determination of net income per
share was 135,000,000 in 1993, 134,717,000 in 1992 and 134,441,000 in
1991.  

<PAGE>
Note 2 - Interest Income and Interest Expense:

Interest income and interest expense are included in other (income)
expense, net.  Interest income totaled $39.7, $53.1 and $32.3 and
interest expense totaled $64.2, $80.8 and $58.2 in 1993, 1992 and
1991, respectively.  Total interest paid was $65.4, $78.4 and $53.7 in
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  Interest costs of $8.6, $8.1 and
$9.4 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, have been capitalized and
included in property, plant and equipment.

<PAGE>
Note 3 - Restructuring:

In the first quarter of 1993, the company recorded a one-time charge
of $70.0 relating to the disposition of its Novon Products Group.  The
charge included $26.0 for the write-down of property, plant and
equipment to its net realizable value and $44.0 for operating losses
and other expenses anticipated to be incurred during the phase-out
period.  In November 1993, the company discontinued the operations of
the Novon Products Group.

In October 1993, Warner-Lambert sold the assets of its
chocolate/caramel business associated with its plant in Cambridge,
Massachusetts.  The sale was made to Chicago-based Tootsie Roll
Industries, Inc. for consideration of approximately $82.0, resulting
in a pretax gain of $13.1.  The sale included the Junior Mints, Sugar
Daddy, Sugar Babies, Charleston Chew! and Pom Poms product lines.  

In response to rapid and profound changes taking place in the global
health care environment, the company announced in November 1993, a
program of plant rationalization and organizational restructuring. 
This program resulted in a pretax charge of $468.3 which included
$210.9 for the rationalization of manufacturing facilities,
principally in North America and $257.4 for organizational
restructuring and related workforce reductions.  Noncash charges
included in the overall provision amounted to $117.4 mainly for the
write-down of property, plant and equipment to its net realizable
value.

The restructuring line on the 1993 consolidated statement of income
reflects a net pretax charge of $525.2 ($360.4 after tax or $2.67 per
share) for all of the above actions.  Other current liabilities
included $180.8 and other noncurrent liabilities included $178.4 for
these actions as of December 31, 1993.  

In the fourth quarter of 1991, Warner-Lambert adopted a series of
actions as a result of falling trade barriers primarily in Europe,
North America and the Andean region.  These actions resulted in a
fourth quarter pretax charge of $544.0 ($418.0 after tax or $3.11 per
share).  The pretax provision included a charge of $422.3 for the
worldwide rationalization of manufacturing and distribution
facilities, a charge of $76.0 for a worldwide staff reduction program,
including a voluntary retirement incentive program, and a charge of
$45.7 for other issues.  The provision included $84.9 for the write-
down of property, plant and equipment to its net realizable value.

<PAGE>
Note 4 - Investments, Acquisitions and Alliances:

In January 1993, Warner-Lambert purchased a 34 percent equity interest
in Jouveinal S.A., a French pharmaceutical company, and entered into a
license option agreement which grants Warner-Lambert the right of
first refusal to license future Jouveinal products outside of France,
Canada and French-speaking Africa.  The investment in Jouveinal
increased the equity investments in affiliated companies line on the
consolidated balance sheets.  Warner-Lambert also acquired the
remaining 51 percent interest in an Italian confectionery joint
venture.  Total consideration approximated $225 for these
transactions.
  
In March 1993, Warner-Lambert acquired the European, U.S. and Canadian
operations of WILKINSON SWORD, an international manufacturer and
marketer of razors and blades, for consideration of approximately $145
including debt assumed.

In July 1993, Warner-Lambert acquired the assets of the consumer
health products business of Fisons plc in Australia and New Zealand
for a total consideration of $23.  The Fisons operations include the
ROSKEN line of therapeutic skin care products.  

In September 1993, two acquisitions were completed.  Warner-Lambert
acquired Willinger Bros., Inc., a privately owned manufacturer of
aquarium products.  Willinger, based in New Jersey, markets products 
largely under the WHISPER and SECOND NATURE trade names.  It has four
major product lines:  power filters and replacement cartridges, air
pumps, plastic plants and aquarium accessory products.  In addition,
Warner-Lambert acquired CACHOU LAJAUNIE, a French manufacturer of
breath freshening confectioneries.  Total consideration including debt
assumed for these acquisitions approximated $67.

Cash consideration for all the above acquisitions totaled $429.0
excluding cash acquired and debt assumed.  Reported results of
operations for 1993 and 1992 would not have differed significantly had
all of the above acquisitions taken place at the beginning of 1992. 
The above acquisitions have been accounted for by the purchase method
of accounting, and accordingly, the net assets and results of
operations have been included in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements since the dates of acquisition.  The excess of
purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets
acquired for the above investments has been treated as goodwill and is
being amortized over 40 years.  

In December 1993, Warner-Lambert signed separate agreements with Glaxo
Holdings plc ("Glaxo") and Wellcome plc ("Wellcome") to establish
joint ventures in various countries to develop and market non-
prescription consumer health care products.  

Warner-Lambert established the first of these joint ventures in the
U.S. with Glaxo, whereby the two parties have formed Glaxo Warner-
Lambert OTC G.P.  The joint venture will develop, seek approval of and
market OTC versions of Glaxo prescription drugs in the U.S., including
ZANTAC, the leading prescription ulcer treatment product.  The joint
venture will concentrate initially on developing ZANTAC for sale as an
OTC product in the U.S.  Additional joint ventures are expected to be
formed in other major markets outside the U.S., excluding Japan. 
Development costs, profits and voting control will be shared equally. 
Glaxo will receive a royalty on all OTC sales by the joint ventures. 
Warner-Lambert will use the equity method of accounting for its share
of profits and losses.

<PAGE>

Warner-Lambert and Wellcome have also formed joint ventures in the
U.S. and Canada, each named Warner Wellcome Consumer Health Products,
and expect to form joint ventures in Europe and Australia in 1994. 
The alliance calls for both companies to contribute to the joint
ventures current and future OTC products excluding HALLS and ROLAIDS. 
After a two-year phase-in period, Warner-Lambert and Wellcome
respectively will receive approximately 70 percent and 30 percent of
the profits generated in the U.S.  A new drug application for the
conversion to OTC use of Wellcome's anti-viral drug ZOVIRAX as an
anti-herpes medication was filed with the FDA in August 1993.  Subject
to such conversion, OTC profits on ZOVIRAX in the U.S. will be shared
in favor of Wellcome.  Profits on current products will be shared
equally in Canada and, when joint ventures are established, in Europe
and Australia.  Profits on ZOVIRAX cream outside the U.S. will also be
shared equally, subject to a royalty to Wellcome if sales exceed a
threshold amount.  Other future OTC switch products will be subject to
a profit split favoring the innovator.  Warner-Lambert has and will
have voting control of each joint venture with Wellcome and will
consolidate the financial results as joint ventures are established
beginning in 1994.




<PAGE>
Note 5 - International Operations:

In translating foreign currency financial statements, local currencies
of foreign subsidiaries and branches have generally been determined to
be the functional currencies, except for those in hyperinflationary
economies (principally Brazil and Venezuela).  Net aggregate
transaction gains and losses amounted to a $9.8 loss in 1993 and gains
of $1.1 and $2.9 in 1992 and 1991, respectively.  

Amounts relative to foreign subsidiaries and branches included in the
consolidated balance sheets were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                  1993               1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>                 <C>
Total assets                              $2,235.1           $1,567.6
Total liabilities                          1,234.7              976.3
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets                                $1,000.4           $  591.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 

</TABLE>


<PAGE>


Note 6 - Inventories:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                      1993          1992 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>           <C>
Raw materials                                   $ 88.6        $ 77.2
Finishing supplies                                38.6          36.4
Goods in process                                  79.3          64.6
Finished goods                                   270.0         246.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                $476.5        $424.6
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

Note 7 - Property, Plant and Equipment:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                     1993            1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>              <C>
Land                                        $    33.8       $    31.5
Buildings                                       915.0           839.5
Machinery, furniture and fixtures             1,885.4         1,675.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              2,834.2         2,546.1
Less accumulated depreciation                (1,234.9)       (1,039.0)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            $ 1,599.3       $ 1,507.1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

Depreciation expense totaled $159.0, $148.7 and $129.4 in 1993, 1992
and 1991, respectively.

As a result of the Novon charge and fourth quarter 1993 restructuring
charge discussed in Note 3, accumulated depreciation was increased
$108.5 in 1993, reflecting the write-down of assets to their net
realizable values.

<PAGE>

Note 8 - Intangible Assets:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                         1993       1992 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>
Purchased patents, trademarks and other 
  intangibles                                      $179.9     $145.0
Goodwill                                            181.5       66.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    361.4      211.0
Less accumulated amortization                       (47.3)     (54.5)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   $314.1     $156.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Amortization expense totaled $11.4, $6.9 and $6.1 in 1993, 1992 and
1991, respectively.  

As a result of the acquisitions discussed in Note 4, patents,
trademarks and other intangibles increased $98.8 and goodwill
increased $127.4.  As a result of the sale of the chocolate/caramel
business discussed in Note 3, trademarks and other intangibles
decreased $54.6, goodwill decreased $8.0 and accumulated amortization
decreased $14.3.

<PAGE>

Note 9 - Long-Term Debt:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                        1993         1992 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>           <C>
6 5/8% notes due 2002                             $199.6      $ 199.5
8% notes due 1998                                  150.0        150.0
8 1/8% notes due 1996                              100.0        100.0
7 1/2% notes due 1993                                 -         100.0
Industrial revenue bonds due 2014                   24.7         24.7
Other                                               93.7        116.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                   568.0        691.1
Current maturities                                 (21.8)      (126.5)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $546.2      $ 564.6
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

In September 1992, Warner-Lambert issued $200.0 of unsecured 6 5/8
percent notes due September 15, 2002.  The notes were issued at a
discount and are not callable prior to maturity.  

The industrial revenue bonds due 2014 have a stated interest rate of
7.6 percent and an effective interest rate of 7.2 percent.  

The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31,
1993, payable in each of the years 1995 through 1998, are $21.1,
$113.7, $3.9 and $163.0, respectively.

Warner-Lambert has lines of credit arrangements with numerous banks
with interest rates generally equal to the prime rate for domestic
banks and the best prevailing rate for foreign banks.  At December 31,
1993, worldwide unused lines of credit amounted to $1.0 billion.

<PAGE>
Note 10 - Financial Instruments:

The company had forward exchange contracts at December 31, 1993 and
1992 totaling $209.4 and $266.9, respectively.  These contracts mature
at various dates through 1996.  Gains or losses on these contracts
primarily serve to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations on foreign currency denominated transactions, assets and
liabilities.  These contracts were in an unrealized loss position of
$16.1 and $10.7 as of December 31, 1993 and December 31, 1992,
respectively.

The company has entered into a series of interest rate swap agreements
having a notional principal amount of $450.0.  The swap agreements
have maturity dates ranging from 1995 to 2002 and require the company
to make floating rate payments in exchange for fixed rate payments. 
As of December 31, 1993, the floating rates on these swaps ranged from
3.5 to 5.9 percent.  The company is exposed to credit risk in the
unlikely event of nonperformance by the counterparties.  Interest to
be paid or received is accrued over the life of the agreements at the
net effective interest rates for the swap and corresponding debt
instruments.  

The cash flows associated with forward exchange contracts and the
interest rate swap agreements are classified as operating in the
consolidated statements of cash flows.  

Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to
concentrations of credit risk are trade receivables and
interest-bearing investments.  The company sells a broad range of
products in the health care and confectionery businesses worldwide. 
Due to the large number and diversity of the company's customer base,
concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are
limited.  The company does not normally require collateral.  The
company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments
with major banks throughout the world in high-quality short-term
liquid instruments, and limits the amount of credit exposure to any
one financial institution.

The estimated fair values of financial instruments, based on quotes on
similar instruments, were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                      1993                    1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Carrying      Fair      Carrying      Fair
                            Value       Value       Value       Value
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
Marketable securities   
  and other investments   $ 565.5     $ 569.8     $ 777.4     $ 780.6
Long-term debt             (546.2)     (575.9)     (564.6)     (575.6)
Interest rate swaps           5.1         8.8          -           -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The carrying values of all other financial instruments on the
consolidated balance sheets approximate their estimated fair values.

<PAGE>
Note 11 - Leases:

Warner-Lambert rents various facilities and equipment.  Rental costs
charged to income under all operating leases totaled $76.3, $70.1 and
$66.9 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

The future minimum rental commitments under noncancellable capital and
operating leases at December 31, 1993 are summarized below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                              Capital       Operating
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>
1994                                           $ 4.7         $ 29.4
1995                                             4.5           23.6
1996                                             3.7           13.7
1997                                             3.5           11.7
1998                                             3.0            9.3
Remaining years                                 22.1           90.2
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
Total minimum lease payments                    41.5          177.9
Less minimum sublease income                     (.5)         (28.9)
                                               ---------------------
Net minimum lease payments                      41.0         $149.0
                                                             -------
Less amount representing interest              (16.8)
- -----------------------------------------------------
Present value of minimum lease payments        $24.2
- -----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
Property, plant and equipment included capitalized leases of $33.0,
less accumulated depreciation of $11.7, at December 31, 1993 and
$19.9, less accumulated depreciation of $9.8, at December 31, 1992. 
Long-term debt included $22.3 and $12.4, respectively, at those dates
relating to capital leases.

<PAGE>

Note 12 - Stock Options and Awards:

Warner-Lambert has stock plans established in 1992, 1989, 1987 and
1983 which provide for the granting of options to employees to
purchase shares of common stock within prescribed periods at a price
equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant.  There are
outstanding options under the 1989, 1987 and 1983 plans. However, no
additional options will be granted under the 1987 and 1983 plans.  In
1992, the company implemented SuccesShare, a program which expanded
the granting of options to substantially all employees worldwide.  

All plans contain provisions for the granting of rights which permit
the optionee to receive an amount equal to the excess of the market
price of the common stock over the option price when the rights are
exercised and receive payment in shares of common stock, cash or a
combination of both.  Options and rights granted generally become
exercisable after one year in 25 percent increments per annum and
expire ten years from the date of grant.  The value of rights granted
is charged to income over the vesting period from the date the market
price first exceeds the option price, with adjustments made based on
market fluctuations to the date of exercise.  At December 31, 1993,
rights with respect to 769,000 shares of common stock were
outstanding.

The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded
under the 1992 Stock Plan in any year during the five-year term of the
1992 Stock Plan is not more than 1.75 percent of the company's issued
shares of common stock on January 1 of the year of grant.  Eight
million shares of common stock have been reserved for the granting of
all awards under the 1989 Stock Plan until April 25, 1994.  The 1992
and 1989 Stock Plans also provide for the granting of restricted stock
and performance awards.  Restricted shares granted to employees are
delivered upon the expiration of restricted periods established at the
time of grant.  The value of the shares at the date of grant is being
amortized to compensation expense over the restricted periods, with
the unamortized portion representing unearned compensation reflected
as a reduction of shareholders' equity.  Performance awards provide
for the recipient to receive payment in shares, cash or any
combination thereof equivalent to the award being granted.  


<PAGE>

Transactions involving stock options, rights and awards are summarized
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                         Number            Price
                                       of Shares         Per Share   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>              <C>
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1991       7,586,484    $13.38  -  $77.75

Stock options and rights:
     Granted                           2,665,910     62.31  -   76.38
     Exercised                        (1,122,157)    13.38  -   73.69
     Cancelled                          (321,723)    18.03  -   73.69

Stock awards:
     Granted                              29,185     59.75  -   76.98
     Delivered                           (61,780)    44.56  -   77.06
     Cancelled                           (28,586)    44.56  -   73.94
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options, rights and awards       
  outstanding, December 31, 1992       8,747,333     14.81  -   77.75

Stock options and rights:              
     Granted                           1,519,725     65.06  -   75.25 
     Exercised                          (439,454)    14.81  -   73.69
     Cancelled                          (282,951)    14.81  -   77.75

Stock awards:
     Granted                              51,270     65.69  -   75.75
     Delivered                           (55,875)    44.56  -   77.06
     Cancelled                           (13,453)    44.16  -   77.75
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1993       9,526,595     17.00  -   76.98
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options and rights 
  exercisable, December 31, 1993       4,263,891    $17.00  -  $76.38 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares available for annual grants:            
     December 31, 1992                 4,422,938
     December 31, 1993                 3,108,171
- ------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
Note 13 - Contingencies:

Various claims, suits and complaints, such as those involving
government regulations, patents and trademarks and product liability,
arise in the ordinary course of Warner-Lambert's business.  In the
opinion of Warner-Lambert, all such pending matters are without merit
or are of such kind, or involve such amounts, as would not have a
material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of
Warner-Lambert if disposed of unfavorably.

<PAGE>
Note 14 - Environmental Liabilities:

The company accrues for estimated environmental liabilities under SFAS
No. 5, "Accounting for Contingencies."  Costs are accrued when
management becomes aware that a liability exists and is able to
reasonably estimate the amount, generally no later than the completion
of studies to determine the feasibility and cost of remedial
techniques.  Outside consultants are generally used to assess the cost
of remediation.  

The company is involved in various environmental matters including
actions initiated by the Environmental Protection Agency under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
(i.e., CERCLA or Superfund legislation and similar legislation),
various state environmental organizations and other parties.  The
company is presently remediating environmental problems at certain
sites, including sites it previously owned.  For most sites, there are
other potentially responsible parties (PRPs); for these sites, all
PRPs may be jointly and severally liable to pay all cleanup costs.  

Some portion of the liabilities associated with the company's
environmental actions may be covered by insurance.  The company is
currently in litigation with respect to the scope and extent of
liability coverage from certain insurance companies; however,
recoveries will not be recorded as income until there is assurance
that recoveries are forthcoming.

In management's opinion, the liabilities for all matters mentioned
above which are probable and reasonably estimable are adequately
accrued for including remediation costs, penalties and legal fees. 
The amount accrued for environmental liabilities is not considered
material.  While it is not possible to predict with certainty the
outcome of the matters described above or the ultimate costs of
remediation, management believes it is unlikely that their ultimate
disposition will have a material adverse effect on the company's
financial position, liquidity, cash flows or results of operations for
any year.  

<PAGE>
Note 15 - Shareholders' Equity:

The authorized preferred stock of Warner-Lambert Company is 5 million
shares with a par value of $1.00 per share, of which there are no shares issued.

The authorized common stock of Warner-Lambert Company is 300 million
shares with a par value of $1.00 per share.  

Changes in certain components of shareholders' equity are summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                          Capital in   Cumulative           Treasury Stock 
                                  Common  Excess of    Translation      -----------------------
                                  Stock   Par Value    Adjustments        Shares         Cost  
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>       <C>          <C>               <C>          <C>
Balance at December 31, 1990     $160.3    $ 71.0       $ (87.7)       (25,988,851)    $(838.8) 
Shares repurchased, at cost         -         -             -             (292,080)      (20.6)
Employee benefit plans              -        21.6           -              544,923        10.4
Translation adjustment              -         -           (41.2)               -           -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1991      160.3      92.6        (128.9)       (25,736,008)     (849.0)
Shares repurchased, at cost         -         -             -             (325,118)      (22.8)
Employee benefit plans              -        21.9           -            1,070,956        20.6
Translation adjustment              -         -           (30.8)               -           -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1992      160.3     114.5        (159.7)       (24,990,170)     (851.2)
Shares repurchased, at cost         -         -             -           (1,680,290)     (112.4)
Employee benefit plans              -         5.6           -              479,947         9.9
Translation adjustment              -         -           (65.1)               -           -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993     $160.3    $120.1       $(224.8)       (26,190,513)    $(953.7)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Pursuant to the Stockholder Rights Plan of the company, a right is
attached to each outstanding share of the company's common stock.  In
the event that any person or group acquires 20 percent or more of the
company's outstanding common shares, or acquires the company in a
merger or other business combination, or engages in certain
self-dealing transactions, each right (other than those held by the
"Acquiring Person") will entitle its holder to purchase, for a
specified purchase price, stock of the company or the Acquiring Person
having a market value of twice such purchase price.  The rights expire
on July 8, 1998 and can be redeemed for $.005 per right at any time by
the Board of Directors prior to the time the rights become
exercisable.

<PAGE>
Note 16 - Other Postretirement Benefits:

The company provides other postretirement benefits, primarily health
insurance, for domestic employees who retired prior to January 1, 1992
and their dependents.  Although the plans are currently
noncontributory, the company has implemented a cap which limits the
future company contributions for medical and dental coverage under
these plans.  The company is generally self-insured for these costs
and the plans are unfunded.  It is the company's policy to fund these
benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis.  Domestic employees who retire
after December 31, 1991 are no longer eligible to receive these
benefits; rather, they will receive additional pension benefits based
on years of service.

In 1991, the company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions," for its domestic plans, effective January 1, 1991 as an
accounting change.  This  standard requires accrual accounting for
these benefits rather than the cash basis of accounting.  Upon
adoption, the company elected to record the transition obligation of
$146.0 pretax ($106.0 after tax or $.79 per share) as a one-time
charge against earnings, rather than amortize it over a longer period. 
Because of the plan change noted above, the transition obligation
represented the present value of estimated future benefits payable to
employees who retired before January 1, 1992.

The annual cost of providing other postretirement benefits for
domestic retirees under SFAS No. 106 amounted to $14.0, $13.4 and
$14.1 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  These amounts primarily
represent the accrual of interest on the present value obligation.  

A reconciliation from the plans' benefit obligation to the liabilities
recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 1993 and
1992, as of the latest actuarial valuations, was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                             1993          1992   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                          <C>           <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit 
   obligation                              $180.2        $161.3
Unrecognized prior service cost               2.0           -
Unrecognized net actuarial loss             (45.9)        (19.5)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Accrued postretirement benefit cost 
   recognized in the consolidated 
   balance sheets                          $136.3        $141.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                                       
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
The health care cost trend rate used to develop the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation for those retirees under age 65 was 
12.9 percent in 1993 declining to 6 percent over 13 years.  For those
65 and over, a rate of 8.3 percent was used in 1993 declining to 6
percent over 8 years.  The health care cost trend rate has a
significant effect on the amounts reported.  To illustrate, increasing
the rate by one percentage point in each year would increase the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1993
by $5.4 and the interest cost component of postretirement benefit cost
for the year then ended by $.5.  The weighted average discount rate
used to develop the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was
7.5 percent, 8.8 percent and 9.5 percent for 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively.

Other postretirement benefit costs for the company's foreign plans
expensed in 1993, 1992 and 1991 under the cash method were not
material.

<PAGE>
Note 17 - Postemployment Benefits:

The company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 112, "Employers'
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," effective January 1, 1993. 
This accounting change resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment
which decreased net income upon adoption by $17.0 ($27.0 pretax) or
$.13 per share.  SFAS No. 112 requires employers to recognize an
obligation for postemployment benefits to former or inactive employees
after employment but before retirement.  This one-time charge
primarily represented the present value of medical and life insurance
costs for employees receiving long-term disability benefits.  Amounts
included in expense do not differ significantly from the prior cash
method.
<PAGE>
Note 18 - Pensions:

Warner-Lambert has various pension plans covering substantially all
of its employees in the U.S.  The company's current policy is to
fund these plans in an amount that ranges from the minimum contribution
required by ERISA to the maximum tax deductible contribution.  Certain
foreign subsidiaries also have various plans, many of which are correlated
to the statutory requirements of the particular countries.  Benefits
covering most employees are based on years of service and average
compensation during the last years of employment.

Pension costs for the plans included the following components:
                                                                 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             Domestic Plans                 Foreign Plans    
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      1993       1992       1991       1993      1992     1991
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>
Service cost - benefits earned 
   during the year                 $  25.7    $  23.2    $  21.4    $  19.2    $ 18.8   $ 15.4
Interest cost on projected 
   benefit obligation                 94.6       92.6       83.2       35.5      30.0     27.3
Return on assets                    (127.4)    (107.1)    (148.9)     (71.8)    (20.1)   (45.5)
Net amortization and deferral         24.4        5.0       45.5       35.0     (10.5)    15.9
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension expense                $  17.3    $  13.7    $   1.2    $  17.9    $ 18.2   $ 13.1
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The 1993 restructuring charge discussed in Note 3 included a $4.6
curtailment loss representing a decrease in unrecognized prior service
costs resulting from a reduction in domestic plan participants.

The 1991 restructuring charge discussed in Note 3 included an $18.1
charge reflecting pension enhancements included in the voluntary
retirement incentive program. 

<PAGE>
The funded status of the plans and amounts recognized in the
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 1993 and 1992, as of
the latest actuarial valuations, are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                    Plans in which Assets          Plans in which Accumulated
                                 Exceed Accumulated Benefits          Benefits Exceed Assets
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                  Domestic          Foreign         Domestic         Foreign
                                   Plans             Plans            Plans           Plans    
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                               1993      1992    1993     1992    1993    1992    1993    1992 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                             <C>       <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C> 
Plan assets at fair value
  (invested primarily in
  equities and bonds)      $1,111.9  $  983.2   $494.0  $181.8  $ 50.5  $ 49.6  $ 30.1  $131.2  
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Accumulated benefit 
  obligation:
    Vested                  1,080.6     945.3    384.3   133.1    87.1    80.5    54.5   158.0
    Nonvested                  20.1      15.2     10.2     7.0     1.0      .4     9.4     5.8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                            1,100.7     960.5    394.5   140.1    88.1    80.9    63.9   163.8
Estimated future 
  salary increases            117.7     109.0     53.8    18.0    11.7     3.5    24.0    59.2
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit 
  obligation                1,218.4   1,069.5    448.3   158.1    99.8    84.4    87.9   223.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Funded status                (106.5)    (86.3)    45.7    23.7   (49.3)  (34.8)  (57.8)  (91.8)
Unrecognized net (asset) 
  obligation at December 
  31, 1993 and 1992           (30.8)    (46.4)    (7.3)   (7.9)    4.2     4.6     3.6     4.5
Unrecognized prior service 
  cost                         41.0      51.6       .8     (.6)    3.0     3.3      -       -
Unrecognized net actuarial 
  loss (gain)                 224.1     156.8    (15.6)   (2.2)   22.8     8.6     5.9     9.6
Adjustment required to
  recognize minimum 
  liability                      -         -        -       -    (18.3)  (13.0)    (.7)    (.3)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Net pension asset 
  (liability) recognized 
  in the consolidated 
  balance sheets           $  127.8  $   75.7   $ 23.6  $ 13.0  $(37.6) $(31.3) $(49.0) $(78.0)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
The assumptions used to develop the actuarial present value of
benefit obligations were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            Domestic Plans           Foreign Plans    
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        1993      1992     1991    1993    1992    1991
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>       <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>
Expected long-term rate of return 
  on plan assets                       10.5%     10.5%    10.5%    8.6%    9.0%    9.6%
Expected increase in salary levels      4.0%      5.0%     6.0%    5.1%    5.7%    5.9%
Weighted average discount rate          7.5%      8.8%     9.5%    7.7%    8.1%    8.4%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Note 19 - Income Taxes:

Effective January 1, 1993, the company changed its method of
accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the liability
method required by SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  This
accounting change resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment which
increased net income upon adoption by $63.0 or $.47 per share. 
Valuation allowances as of January 1, 1993 of $92.0 primarily relate
to the potential inability to utilize foreign operating loss and
capital loss carryforwards.  Valuation allowances increased $16.9
primarily due to the potential inability to realize deferred tax
assets associated with the 1993 restructuring.
 
The components of income before income taxes and accounting changes
were:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
Years Ended December 31,                      1993      1992     1991 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                           <C>       <C>      <C>
U.S. and Puerto Rico                        $ 15.8    $473.6   $197.6
Foreign                                      302.7     384.6     23.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                            $318.5    $858.2   $221.5
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

The 1993 income before income taxes and accounting changes included a
restructuring charge of $374.6 for U.S. and Puerto Rico and $150.6 for
foreign, see Note 3.

The 1991 income before income taxes and accounting change included a
restructuring charge of $245.4 for U.S. and Puerto Rico and $298.6 for
foreign, see Note 3.

The provision (benefit) for income taxes consisted of:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Liability Deferred Deferred
                                            Method   Method   Method
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
Years Ended December 31,                      1993      1992     1991 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                          <C>        <C>       <C>
Current:
   Federal                                 $  22.0    $ 54.2   $ 36.8
   Foreign                                   123.4     127.3    139.9
   State and Puerto Rico                      17.7      27.4     26.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                             163.1     208.9    202.8
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Deferred:
   Federal                                   (95.0)    (14.5)   (33.6)
   Foreign                                   (19.6)     14.4    (76.4)
   State and Puerto Rico                     (15.0)      5.7    (12.1)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                            (129.6)      5.6   (122.1)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Provision for income taxes                 $  33.5    $214.5  $  80.7
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

The principal timing differences included in the deferred tax
provision (benefit) for 1992 and 1991 were restructuring items of
$26.7 and $(96.3), respectively.

<PAGE>
The tax effects of significant temporary differences which comprise
the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 1993, were as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              Assets     Liabilities
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>          <C>
Restructuring reserves                        $ 287.9     $    -    
Postretirement/postemployment 
  obligations                                    64.6          -
Pensions                                         25.2        55.9
Compensation/benefits                            61.3          -
Property, plant and equipment                    47.8       162.4
Research tax credit carryforwards                27.0          -
Other                                           103.8        13.0      
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                617.6       231.3      
Valuation allowances                           (108.9)         -
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              $ 508.7     $ 231.3
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The company's research tax credit carryforwards of $27.0 will be
available until the years 2007 and 2008.

The company paid income taxes of $155.0, $211.8 and $139.4 during
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  Prepaid expenses and other current
assets included deferred income taxes amounting to $218.0 and $129.9 
at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Investments and other
assets included deferred income taxes of $135.8 at December 31, 1993.

The earnings of Warner-Lambert's subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico
are subject to tax pursuant to a grant, effective through December
2003.  The grant provides for certain tax relief and for reduced
withholding tax rates upon repatriation of Puerto Rico earnings
provided that certain conditions are met.  The company continued to be
in compliance with these conditions at December 31, 1993.  The
combined income and withholding taxes are accrued at the applicable
rates as income is earned.  

Earnings of foreign subsidiaries considered to be reinvested for an
indefinite period at December 31, 1993 totaled approximately $353.4. 
Accordingly, no additional U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding
taxes have been provided on these earnings.  It would be impractical
to compute the estimated deferred tax liability on these reinvested
earnings.

As of December 31, 1993, Warner-Lambert's U.S. federal income tax
returns through 1986 had been examined and settled with the Internal
Revenue Service.

<PAGE>
Warner-Lambert's effective income tax rate before accounting changes
differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Liability Deferred Deferred
                                            Method    Method   Method
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Years Ended December 31,                     1993      1992     1991 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                           <C>       <C>      <C>
U.S. statutory tax rate                     35.0%     34.0%    34.0%
Income earned in Puerto Rico                (5.5)     (6.8)    (6.7)
Foreign income subject to 
  reduced tax rates including 
  taxes on repatriation                     (4.6)     (1.4)     (.4)
U.S. research tax credit, net               (1.8)      (.5)    (1.0)
State and local taxes, net                    .9       1.3      1.2
Other items, net                             (.5)     (1.6)     (.1)
Effect of restructuring                    (13.0)        -      9.4
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Effective tax rate before 
  accounting changes                        10.5%     25.0%    36.4%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>


The 1993 effective tax rate of 10.5 percent included the effect of a
31.4 percent tax benefit rate on the restructuring charge discussed in
Note 3.  Excluding the effect of the restructuring charge, the
effective tax rate was 23.5 percent.  The lower effective tax rate for
1993 also reflected the retroactive extension of the research tax
credit enacted as part of The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1993 and a decrease in the overall international tax rate, due to
changes in certain affiliates' operating results, coupled with a $3.0
tax effect of applying the one percentage point increase in the U.S.
statutory tax rate to existing net deferred tax assets.  There was a
separate 37.0 percent tax benefit rate on the $27.0 charge for the
change in accounting principle discussed in Note 17 regarding SFAS No.
112.

The company's 1991 restructuring charge resulted in a 9.4 percentage
point increase in the effective tax rate, which reflected the
inability to fully recognize the tax benefits of this charge in
accordance with APB No. 11.  These benefits were more fully recognized
upon the adoption of SFAS No. 109.  The company's 1993 restructuring
charge resulted in a 13.0 percentage point decrease in the effective
tax rate, which reflected the ability to more fully recognize tax
benefits of this charge in accordance with SFAS No. 109.

The 1991 effective tax rate of 36.4 percent included the effect of a
23.2 percent tax benefit rate on the $544.0 restructuring charge
discussed in Note 3.  There was a separate 27.4 percent tax benefit
rate on the $146.0 charge for the change in accounting principle
discussed in Note 16 regarding SFAS No. 106.

<PAGE>

Note 20 - Segment Information:

Financial information by industry segment and geographic area for
1993, 1992 and 1991 is presented on page 35 of this report under the
caption "Segment Information."

Industry segments are comprised as follows:  Pharmaceutical -
consisting of ethical pharmaceuticals, biologicals, specialty
chemicals and empty hard-gelatin capsules; Consumer Health Care -
consisting of over-the-counter products, razors and blades, pet care
products and the Novon Products Group which was discontinued in 1993,
see Note 3; Confectionery - consisting of chewing gums, breath mints
and, until their disposition in the fourth quarter of 1993,
chocolate/caramel brands, see Note 3. 

<PAGE>
Note 21 - Quarterly Financial Information - Unaudited:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                            1993 Quarters                           1992 Quarters
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      First    Second     Third    Fourth    First    Second     Third   Fourth
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>     <C>  
Net sales          $1,331.7  $1,449.7  $1,478.5  $1,533.8 $1,311.5  $1,373.4  $1,438.3 $1,474.4
Gross profit          920.8     977.8     980.2     996.8    910.6     939.9     956.9    975.9
Income (loss) 
 before accounting 
 changes              136.1     189.9     155.9    (196.9)   163.6     177.9     164.5    137.7
Net income (loss)     182.1     189.9     155.9    (196.9)   163.6     177.9     164.5    137.7
Per common share:
 Income (loss) 
  before accounting 
  changes              1.01      1.40      1.16     (1.46)    1.22      1.32      1.22     1.02
 Net income (loss) $   1.35  $   1.40  $   1.16  $  (1.46)$   1.22  $   1.32  $   1.22 $   1.02
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

First quarter 1993 results included a pretax restructuring charge
of $70.0 or $45.0 after tax for the disposition of the Novon Products
Group as discussed in Note 3 and a charge of $17.0 after tax or $.13
per share to adopt SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits," and a credit of $63.0 or $.47 per share for
the adoption of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  The third
quarter 1993 effective tax rate was 19.6 percent compared with 23.3 percent
for the first half of 1993 due to the retroactive extension of the research
tax credit enacted in August 1993. Fourth quarter 1993 results included a net
pretax restructuring charge of $455.2 or $315.4 after tax, see Note 3. Compared
to previous quarters of 1993, the fourth quarter results of 1993 reflected
reduced gross profit primarily related to regulatory compliance issues in the
pharmaceutical segment.

Compared to previous quarters of 1992, the fourth quarter results of 1992
reflected increased investment in marketing and research and development,
partially offset by the impact of a reduction in the effective tax rate.

<PAGE>
Report by Management

The management of Warner-Lambert Company has prepared the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and related information in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and is
responsible for the information and representations in such financial
statements, including estimates and judgments required for their
preparation.  Price Waterhouse, independent accountants, has audited
the consolidated financial statements and their report appears herein.

In order to meet its responsibilities, management maintains a system
of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that
assets are safeguarded and that financial records properly reflect all
transactions.  The internal control system is augmented by an ongoing
internal audit program, an organizational structure that provides for
appropriate division of responsibility and communication programs that
explain the company's policies and standards.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed entirely of
nonemployee directors, meets periodically with the independent
accountants, management and internal auditors to review auditing,
internal accounting controls and other financial reporting matters. 
Both the independent accountants and internal auditors have full
access to the Audit Committee.

Management also recognizes its responsibility for fostering a strong
ethical climate so that the company's affairs are conducted according
to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct.  This
responsibility is characterized and reflected in the company's Creed,
which summarizes Warner-Lambert's commitment to its customers,
colleagues, shareholders, business partners and society.

<PAGE>

Report of Independent Accountants


PRICE WATERHOUSE


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Warner-Lambert Company

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of
cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Warner-Lambert Company and its subsidiaries at December
31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits of
these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.

As discussed in Notes 17 and 19 to the financial statements, effective
January 1, 1993 the company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits"
and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes," respectively.  As discussed in Note 16 to the
financial statements, effective January 1, 1991, the company adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."



Price Waterhouse
- ----------------

4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey
January 24, 1994 



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>


<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 21

   The following is a list of  subsidiaries of Warner-Lambert showing the state
or country of incorporation and the  percentage  of voting  securities owned by
Warner-Lambert or by  subsidiaries of  Warner-Lambert as of  December 31, 1993.
Except  as  otherwise  indicated,  such  subsidiaries  are  included  in  the
consolidated financial statements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            STATE OR COUNTRY
NAME OF CORPORATION                          OF ORGANIZATION         PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP

<S>                                                           <C>             <C>
Adams, S.A.................................................. Spain           100
Adams Brands, Inc........................................... Philippines     100
American Chicle Company..................................... Delaware        100
Chicle Adams, S.A........................................... Venezuela       100
Compania Farmaceutica Parke-Davis, S.A...................... Guatemala       100  (Indirect)
Euronett, Inc............................................... Delaware        100
International Affiliated Corporation........................ Delaware        100
    Warner-Lambert GmbH..................................... Germany         100  International Affiliated Corporation
             Parke, Davis GmbH.............................. Germany         100  Warner-Lambert GmbH
             Goedecke AG.................................... Germany          88.31 Warner-Lambert GmbH
                                                                              11.69
                    Adenylchemie GmbH....................... Germany         100  Goedecke AG
                    Goedecke GmbH........................... Austria         100  Goedecke AG
             International Company for Gum and
                   Confectionery (INCOGUM) S.A.E............ Egypt            57  Warner-Lambert GmbH
             PanServ-Anzeigen-Service GmbH.................. Germany         100  Warner-Lambert GmbH
             Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin.. Germany         100  Warner-Lambert GmbH
                   Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH,
                        Frankfurt........................... Germany         100  Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                   Eemland Management Services GmbH......... Germany         100  Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
                        Wilkinson Sword GmbH................ Austria         100  Eemland Management Services
                        NV Wilkinson Sword S.A.............. Belgium         99.89  Eemland Management Services GmbH
                                                                               .11  Wilkinson Sword Europe GmbH
                        Wilkinson Sword S.A................. France          99  Eemland Management Services GmbH
                                                                             .95  Wilkinson Sword Verwaltungs GmbH
                        Wilkinson Sword Europe GmbH......... Germany         100  Eemland Management Services GmbH
                           Wilkinson Sword SpA ............. Italy           98.97  Wilkinson Sword Europe GmbH
                                                                              1.03  Wilkinson Sword Limited
                           Wilkinson Sword S.A.E............ Spain            85  Wilkinson Sword Europe GmbH
                           Wilkinson Sword Verwaltungs
                             GmbH........................... Germany         100  Wilkinson Sword Europe GmbH
                               W&A Grundstuckverwaltungs
                                 GbR........................ Germany          97  Wilkinson Sword Verwaltungs GmbH
                                                                               3  Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
</TABLE>

                                                                 Page 2 of 4
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            STATE OR COUNTRY                                  
NAME OF CORPORATION                          OF ORGANIZATION         PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP  

<S>                                                              <C>          <C>    <C>
               Warner-Lambert Europaische Beteiligungs GmbH... Germany        100  Warner-Lambert GmbH
                   Parke-Davis GmbH........................... Austria        100  Warner-Lambert Europaische Beteiligungs GmbH
                   Warner-Lambert (Schweiz) AG................ Switzerland    100  Warner-Lambert Europaische Beteiligungs GmbH
    Parke-Davis Sendirian Berhad.............................. Malaysia       100  International Affiliated Corporation
    Wilkinson Sword GmbH...................................... Germany         51  International Affiliated Corporation
                                                                               49  Warner-Lambert Consumer Products GmbH, Berlin
Latin American Holdings Inc................................... Delaware       100
    Laboratorios Laprofa, Sociedad Anonima.................... Guatemala      100  Latin American Holdings Inc.
    Warner-Lambert Industria e Comercio Limitada.............. Brazil         100  Latin American Holdings Inc.
Keystone Chemurgic Corp....................................... Delaware       100
    Exchic C.A. Limited....................................... Bermuda         57.5
                                                                               42.5  Keystone Chemurgic Corp.
    Warner-Lambert Guatemala, S.A............................. Guatemala      100  Keystone Chemurgic Corp.
Laboratorios Substantia, C.A.................................. Venezuela       80
Lambert & Feasley, Inc........................................ New York       100
Med-Tech Ventures, Inc........................................ Delaware       100
Meito Adams Co., Ltd.* ....................................... Japan           50
Parke-Davis Sales Corporation................................. Virgin Islands 100
Parke, Davis & Company ("Parke-Davis")........................ Michigan       100
    Parke-Davis Korea Limited................................. Korea          100  Parke-Davis
    Warner-Lambert de Puerto Rico, Corp....................... Puerto Rico    100  Parke-Davis
    P-D Co., Inc.............................................. Delaware       100  Parke-Davis
              Warner-Lambert (Belgium) N.V.................... Belgium        100  P-D Co., Inc.
              Capsugel AG..................................... Switzerland    100  P-D Co., Inc.
              Empresas Warner Lambert S.A..................... Chile           90  P-D Co., Inc.
                                                                               10  Tabor Corporation
              Parke-Davis (Thailand) Limited.................. Thailand       100  P-D Co., Inc.
              Parke-Davis ("Parke-Davis France").............. France         100  P-D Co., Inc.
                 Adams France................................. France         100  Parke-Davis France
                 Cachou Lajaunie.............................. France         100  Parke-Davis France
                 Capsugel France.............................. France         100  Parke-Davis France
                 Societe Nouvelle des Pastilles de Vichy...... France         100  Parke-Davis France
                     C.M.S. Diffusion......................... France          99  Societe Nouvelle des Pastilles de Vichy
                                                                                1  Parke-Davis France
</TABLE>

*  Subsidiary not consolidated
                                                              Page 3 of 4
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             STATE OR COUNTRY
NAME OF CORPORATION                          OF ORGANIZATION                         PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP

<S>                                                                <C>                     <C>          <C>
              Warner-Lambert Company AG....................... Switzerland                 100  P-D Co., Inc.
                   Adams (Thailand) Limited................... Thailand                    100  Warner-Lambert Company AG
                   Warner-Lambert (East Africa) Limited....... Kenya                       100  Warner-Lambert Company AG
                   Warner-Lambert Pottery Road Limited........ Ireland                     100  Warner-Lambert Company AG
    Parke, Davis & Company, Inc............................... Philippines                 100  Parke-Davis
    Parke, Davis & Company, Limited........................... Pakistan                     75  Parke-Davis
    Parke Davis International Limited......................... Bahamas                     100  Parke-Davis
    Parke Davis Pty. Limited.................................. Australia                   100  Parke-Davis
              Warner-Lambert Pty. Limited..................... Australia                   100  Parke Davis Pty. Limited
    Parke Davis de Venezuela, C.A............................. Venezuela                   100  Parke-Davis
    Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited............................... United Kingdom              100  Parke-Davis
              Lambert Chemical Company Limited................ United Kingdom              100  Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
              Parke Davis & Co. Limited....................... Jersey, Channel Islands     100  Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
              Wilkinson Sword Limited......................... United Kingdom              100  Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
                   Trummer & Co. Successors Limited........... United Kingdom              100  Wilkinson Sword Limited
    Warner-Lambert Canada Inc................................. Canada                      100  Parke-Davis
              Chilcott Laboratories Canada Inc................ Canada                      100  Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
              Parke-Davis Afrique de l'Ouest.................. Senegal                     100  Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
              Renrall K.K..................................... Japan                       100  Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
Parke Davis, S.A.............................................. Spain                        65
                                                                                            35  Warner-Lambert Company AG
Parke-Davis S.p.A............................................. Italy                       100  (Indirect)
Parke-Davis Scandinavia AB.................................... Sweden                      100
Schick Interamericana, S.A.................................... Venezuela                   100
Suzhou Capsugel'r' Ltd. * .................................... People's Republic of China   50
Tabor Corporation............................................. Delaware                    100
Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich Baensch GmbH................. Germany                     100  (Indirect)
    Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH................................. Germany                     100  Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat.
                                                                                                 Ulrich Baensch GmbH
              Biorell GmbH.................................... Germany                     100  Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH
                   HILENA Biologische und Chemische
                     Erzeugnisse GmbH......................... Germany                     100  Biorell GmbH
              Zoomedica Frickhinger GmbH...................... Germany                     100  Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH
Warner-Chilcott Inc........................................... Delaware                    100
Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A. de C.V......................... Mexico                      100
    Chicle Adams, S.A. de C.V................................. Mexico                      100  Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A.
                                                                                                 de C.V.
    Compania Medicinal La Campana, S.A. de C.V................ Mexico                      100  Warner Lambert de Mexico, S.A.
                                                                                                 de C.V.
Warner-Lambert de Venezuela S.A............................... Venezuela                   100
</TABLE>

*  Subsidiary not consolidated
                                                                 Page 4 of 4
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            STATE OR COUNTRY
NAME OF CORPORATION                          OF ORGANIZATION                               PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP

<S>                                                              <C>                       <C>           <C>
Warner-Lambert Europe N.V..................................... Belgium                     100
Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.................................... Netherlands                 100
      Parke-Davis B.V......................................... Netherlands                 100    Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
              Substantia - Produtos Farmaceuticos, Limitada... Portugal                     97.5  Parke-Davis B.V.
                                                                                             2.5  Parke-Davis France
      Schick Nederland B.V.................................... Netherlands                 100  Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
              Warner Lambert A.E.............................. Greece                       98.97 Schick Nederland B.V.
                                                                                             1.03 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
                    Perma Sharp Boudros Hellas S.A............ Greece                      100  Warner Lambert A.E.
              W-L Distributie N.V............................. Belgium                     100  Schick Nederland B.V.
Warner-Lambert Inc............................................ Nevada                      100
Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited................................ Ireland                     100  (Indirect)
      Warner-Lambert Distributors (Ireland) Ltd............... Ireland                     100  Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
      Warner-Lambert Export Limited........................... Ireland                     100  Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
Warner-Lambert KK............................................. Japan                       100
Warner-Lambert Ltd............................................ Delaware                    100
      Warner-Lambert de Panama, Sociedad Anonima.............. Panama                      100  Warner-Lambert Ltd.
Warner-Lambert Manufacturing (Ireland) Ltd.................... Cayman Islands,             100
                                                               British West Indies
Warner-Lambert (Manufacturing) Sdn. Berhad.................... Malaysia                    100  (Indirect)
Warner Lambert (NZ) Limited................................... New Zealand                 100
Warner-Lambert Philippines, Inc............................... Philippines                 100
Warner-Lambert (Portugal) Comercio e Industria, Limitada...... Portugal                    100
Warner-Lambert S.A. (Proprietary) Limited..................... South Africa                100
      Wilcox Sweets (Proprietary) Limited..................... South Africa                100 Warner-Lambert S.A. (Proprietary) 
                                                                                                 Limited
Warner-Lambert (Thailand) Limited............................. Thailand                    100  (Indirect)
Willinger Bros., Inc.......................................... Delaware                    100
      JWI..................................................... New Jersey                  100  Willinger Bros., Inc.
</TABLE>

The foregoing list omits 9 domestic subsidiaries and 50 foreign subsidiaries
which,  considered  in  the  aggregate,  would not constitute  a significant
subsidiary.



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
        WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectuses
constituting part of the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration
Nos. 2-53423, 33-21123, 2-86826, 33-17584, 33-283275, 33-12209, 33-49244 and
33-57918) and on Form S-3 (Registration Nos. 33-4049, 33-38725 and 33-55692) of
Warner-Lambert Company of our report dated January 24, 1994 appearing on
page 48 of Warner-Lambert Company's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders which
is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the
incorporation by reference of our report on the Financial Statement Schedules,
which appears on page    of this Form 10-K.


                                        PRICE WATERHOUSE

4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey 07962
March 23, 1994


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
