-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 lYHUHjHeYT0isUCVsb2ShSvjlZ4+BDBQ9edVGYN77MOeUtj0Bh17tNmEb7wAY3Y9
 GRDCsVmeWoSGgpPpnmT+Bw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950117-95-000057.txt : 19950615
<IMS-HEADER>0000950117-95-000057.hdr.sgml : 19950615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950117-95-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950320
SROS:			MSE
SROS:			NYSE
SROS:			PSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WARNER LAMBERT CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				221598912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03608
		FILM NUMBER:		95521810

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 TABOR RD
		CITY:			MORRIS PLAINS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07950
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2015402000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WARNER LAMBERT PHARMACEUTICAL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19701230
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
________________________________________________________________________________
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------
                                   FORM 10-K
 
<TABLE>
<S>          <C>
(MARK ONE)
 
    [x]                                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                                              THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                          FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                                              OR
    [ ]                              TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                                              THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                         FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO
</TABLE>
 
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-3608
                            ------------------------
                             WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
                            ------------------------
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>                               <C>
              DELAWARE                          201 TABOR ROAD                        22-1598912
  (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF      MORRIS PLAINS, NEW JERSEY 07950             (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
   INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)           (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL                IDENTIFICATION NO.)
                                       EXECUTIVE OFFICES, INCLUDING ZIP
                                                    CODE)
</TABLE>
 
                                  201-540-2000
              (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)
 
                            ------------------------
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                      TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                        WHICH REGISTERED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------------
 
<S>                                                              <C>
Common Stock (Par Value $1 Per Share)                            The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Pacific Stock Exchange, Inc.
Rights to Purchase Series A                                      The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock                         The Chicago Stock Exchange, Inc.
                                                                 The Pacific Stock Exchange, Inc.
</TABLE>
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                     None.
 
     Indicate  by check  mark whether the  registrant (1) has  filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of  the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934  during  the preceding  12  months (or  for  such shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports)  and (2) has been subject to  such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES [x]  NO [ ].
 
     Indicate  by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge, in definitive  proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]
 
     The  aggregate market value  of the voting stock  held by non-affiliates of
Warner-Lambert   Company   as   of   February   24,   1995   was   approximately
$10,140,628,991.
 
     The  number of  shares outstanding of  the registrant's Common  Stock as of
February 24, 1995  was 134,642,159  shares, Common  Stock, par  value $1.00  per
share.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
     Portions  of the Warner-Lambert  Company Annual Report  to Shareholders for
1994  -- Part I, Part II and Part IV.
 
     Portions of  the Proxy  Statement  for Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders  of
Warner-Lambert Company to be held April 25, 1995 -- Part III.
 
________________________________________________________________________________

<PAGE>
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
 
     The  term  'Warner-Lambert'  or  the  'Company'  refers  to  Warner-Lambert
Company, a  Delaware  corporation organized  in  that  state in  1920,  and  its
consolidated  subsidiaries,  unless otherwise  indicated  or unless  the context
otherwise requires.
 
     Industry Segments and Geographic  Areas. Financial information by  industry
segment  and geographic area for  the years 1994, 1993  and 1992 is presented in
the Warner-Lambert 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders as set forth below.
 
     The summary  of Warner-Lambert's  industry segments,  geographic areas  and
related  financial information, set forth on  page 33 of the Warner-Lambert 1994
Annual Report, is incorporated herein by reference.
 
     All product names appearing in capitalized  letters in this report on  Form
10-K  are  registered  trademarks  of  Warner-Lambert,  its  affiliates, related
companies or licensors. ZOVIRAX,  SUDAFED, ACTIFED, NEOSPORIN, POLYSPORIN,  NIX,
BOROFAX  and EMPIRIN are registered trademarks of Wellcome plc ('Wellcome'), its
affiliates  or  related  companies,  and  ZANTAC  and  BECONASE  are  registered
trademarks  of  Glaxo plc  ('Glaxo'), its  affiliates  or related  companies. As
discussed below, Warner-Lambert  has entered into  separate joint ventures  with
Wellcome and Glaxo.
 
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
 
     A detailed description of Warner-Lambert's industry segments is as follows:
 
Consumer Health Care Products
 
     The  principal  products  of  Warner-Lambert in  its  Consumer  Health Care
Products segment are over-the-counter health care products, shaving products and
pet care products.
 
     Over-the-Counter Products: In December 1993, Warner-Lambert signed separate
agreements with Wellcome and Glaxo governing the establishment of joint ventures
in various countries  to develop  and market  a broad  range of  nonprescription
consumer health care products.
 
     The  alliance between Warner-Lambert and  Wellcome calls for both companies
to  contribute  to  joint  venture  operations  being  established  in   various
territories   (referred  to  herein  as  the  'Warner  Wellcome'  joint  venture
operations) current and  future over-the-counter products  (excluding HALLS  and
ROLAIDS  products). Pursuant to the agreements with Wellcome, Warner-Lambert and
Wellcome formed joint venture operations in the United States and Canada,  which
commenced  in January 1994,  joint venture operations  in Australia, New Zealand
and certain countries in Europe, which commenced in June 1994, and joint venture
operations in  Germany,  which  commenced in  November  1994.  Additional  joint
venture  operations may be  established by Warner-Lambert  and Wellcome in other
countries throughout  the  world.  Warner-Lambert  or  its  affiliates  are  the
managing  partners  of  the  Warner  Wellcome  joint  venture  operations,  with
day-to-day operating responsibility.
 
     After a two-year phase-in period following establishment of the U.S. Warner
Wellcome joint  venture operations,  Warner-Lambert  and Wellcome  will  receive
approximately  70 percent and 30 percent, respectively, of the profits generated
by Warner Wellcome in the U.S. on current products or line extensions of current
products, excluding Wellcome's antiviral drug ZOVIRAX.
 
     Profits on current products will  be shared equally between  Warner-Lambert
and  Wellcome in Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the European countries where
joint venture operations have been established. Profits on certain package sizes
of ZOVIRAX cold sore cream sold over-the-counter outside the United States  will
also  be shared  equally, subject  to a  royalty to  Wellcome if  sales exceed a
certain threshold  amount.  ZOVIRAX  cold  sore  cream  has  been  approved  for
over-the-counter  use  and  is  being  sold  over-the-counter  in  a  number  of
countries, primarily in  Europe. Other future  over-the-counter switch  products
will be subject to a profit split favoring the innovator.
 
     A  New Drug Application ('NDA') for  the conversion to over-the-counter use
of ZOVIRAX as a genital herpes medication was filed with the U.S. Food and  Drug
Administration ('FDA') in August
 
                                       1
 
<PAGE>
1993.  On January 12, 1995, the  FDA's Antiviral Drugs and Nonprescription Drugs
Advisory Committees met and issued a non-binding recommendation to the FDA  that
the  current submission provided insufficient  evidence to support conversion of
ZOVIRAX to  over-the-counter form.  Although Wellcome  will continue  to  pursue
approval,  it is  not possible  to predict  the actions  the FDA  will take, and
approval in the  near-term seems  unlikely. If  the FDA  approves conversion  of
ZOVIRAX to over-the-counter use, profits on ZOVIRAX sold over-the-counter in the
United States will be shared in favor of Wellcome.
 
     Pursuant  to  the agreements  with  Glaxo, a  joint  venture in  the United
States, which commenced operations in December  1993 (referred to herein as  the
'Glaxo  Warner-Lambert' joint venture  or organization), was  formed. The United
States joint venture will develop, seek approval of and market  over-the-counter
versions  of Glaxo prescription drugs in the United States, and will concentrate
initially  on  developing  ZANTAC,  Glaxo's  pharmaceutical  product  for  ulcer
treatment, for sale as an over-the-counter product for the treatment of episodic
heartburn.  Additional joint  ventures are expected  to be formed  with Glaxo in
other major markets, excluding Japan.
 
     Direction of the Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint ventures will be provided by  a
management committee of representatives from each company. Day-to-day operations
will   be  the  responsibility  of   Warner-Lambert,  and  the  joint  ventures'
over-the-counter products will be sold by Warner-Lambert's consumer health  care
products  sales and  marketing organization, which  in most countries  will be a
Warner Wellcome joint  venture, as  described above.  Warner-Lambert (or  Warner
Wellcome,  as appropriate) and  Glaxo will share  development costs, profits and
voting control equally,  with Glaxo receiving  a royalty on  sales by the  Glaxo
Warner-Lambert joint ventures of over-the-counter versions of Glaxo prescription
drugs.
 
     Warner-Lambert assigned its interest in the U.S. Glaxo Warner-Lambert joint
venture  to the U.S. Warner Wellcome joint venture organization. Warner Wellcome
and Glaxo  will  share development  costs  and profits  equally,  with  Wellcome
receiving 10 percent of Warner Wellcome's share of the U.S. Glaxo Warner-Lambert
joint  venture's profits. On September  30, 1994, Glaxo submitted  an NDA to the
FDA for  ZANTAC's  sale in  the  U.S. as  an  over-the-counter product  for  the
treatment of episodic heartburn.
 
     In the first quarter of 1994, marketing of Glaxo's nasal spray BECONASE for
over-the-counter  sale in the United Kingdom commenced. In addition, approval to
market ZANTAC over-the-counter was  obtained in the  United Kingdom in  December
1994  and marketing commenced in January  1995. Warner-Lambert will share in the
profits generated by these brands.
 
     In January 1995, Glaxo announced an offer  to acquire all of the shares  of
Wellcome,  which  offer  was  recommended  for  acceptance  by  Wellcome  to its
shareholders in  March  1995.  This  offer was  declared  unconditional  in  all
respects  by Glaxo on March 16, 1995. It is unclear what impact this acquisition
will have on Warner-Lambert.
 
     Warner Wellcome Products:  In each  country where a  Warner Wellcome  joint
venture  has been established, Warner Wellcome  sells a line of over-the-counter
pharmaceuticals and health care products, which may include antacids  (GELUSIL),
dermatological  products (LUBRIDERM,  LUBRIDERM BODY  BAR, LUBRIDERM  LOOFA BAR,
LUBRIDERM SERIOUSLY SENSITIVE, LUBRIDERM Moisture Recovery, ROSKEN SKIN  REPAIR,
CORN   HUSKERS  and  LISTEREX),  topical  antibiotic  ointments  (NEOSPORIN  and
POLYSPORIN), cold and sinus  preparations (SUDAFED, SINUTAB, SINUTAB  NON-DRYING
and  ACTIFED),  antihistamines and  allergy  products (ACTIFED  ALLERGY, SUDAFED
PLUS, BENADRYL,  BENADRYL-D,  BENADRYL  COLD, BENADRYL  DAY  &  NIGHT,  BENADRYL
ALLERGY/SINUS/HEADACHE   and   BENADRYL  Dye-Free),   hemorrhoidal  preparations
(ANUSOL, ANUSOL  HC-1  and  TUCKS), vaginal  moisturizers  (REPLENS),  laxatives
(AGORAL),  cough syrups/suppressants (BENYLIN, BENYLIN-DM, BENYLIN DECONGESTANT,
BENYLIN EXPECTORANT  and BENYLIN  PEDIATRIC), vitamins  (MYADEC),  antipruritics
(CALADRYL,  BENADRYL spray and  cream and STINGOSE),  rubbing alcohol (LAVACOL),
hydrogen  peroxide  (PROXACOL),  self-diagnostic   early  pregnancy  test   kits
(e.p.t'r'),  oral  antiseptics (LISTERINE,  COOL  MINT LISTERINE  and FRESHBURST
LISTERINE), mouthwash/anticavity  dental  rinses  (LISTERMINT  and  ARCTIC  MINT
LISTERMINT),  effervescent denture cleaning tablets  and denture cleanser pastes
(EFFERDENT and  FRESH  'N  BRITE),  denture  adhesives  (EFFERGRIP),  head  lice
treatments
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
(NIX),  diaper rash  preparations (BOROFAX)  and analgesics  (EMPIRIN). SUDAFED,
ACTIFED, ACTIFED ALLERGY, SUDAFED PLUS, NEOSPORIN, POLYSPORIN, NIX, BOROFAX  and
EMPIRIN were contributed by Wellcome to the joint venture operations.
 
     Other  Over-the-Counter  Products:  In  addition  to  the  Warner  Wellcome
products named above,  Warner-Lambert manufactures and/or  sells, in the  United
States  and/or internationally, a line of antacids (ROLAIDS, SODIUM FREE ROLAIDS
and EXTRA STRENGTH  ROLAIDS), cough  tablets (HALLS, HALLS-PLUS  and Sugar  Free
HALLS),  throat  drops  (CELESTIAL  SEASONINGS  SOOTHERS)  and  vitamin  C drops
(HALLS). Furthermore, certain products named  as Warner Wellcome products  above
(except  for products  that were  contributed by  Wellcome to  the joint venture
operations) are manufactured and/or sold by Warner-Lambert or its affiliates  in
countries   where  Warner  Wellcome  joint  venture  operations  have  not  been
established.
 
     Over-the-counter  products  are   promoted  principally  through   consumer
advertising  and promotional programs  and some are  promoted directly to health
care professionals. They  are sold  principally to drug  wholesalers, chain  and
retail  pharmacies,  chain  and  independent  food  stores,  mass merchandisers,
physician supply houses and hospitals.
 
     Shaving Products: Warner-Lambert manufactures and sells razors and  blades,
both  domestically and  internationally. Shaving  products are  manufactured and
marketed under the SCHICK and other trademarks worldwide and the WILKINSON SWORD
trademark in Europe,  the United  States and  Canada. Permanent  (nondisposable)
products  marketed under the SCHICK trademark include TRACER/FX, SUPER II, SUPER
II PLUS, ULTREX  PLUS, SILK EFFECTS,  SLIM TWIN, ADVANTAGE,  PERSONAL TOUCH  and
INJECTOR PLUS CHROMIUM. Disposable twin blade products marketed under the SCHICK
trademark  include SCHICK DISPOSABLE, SLIM  TWIN, PERSONAL TOUCH, PERSONAL TOUCH
SLIM  and  ULTREX  DISPOSABLE.  Products  marketed  under  the  WILKINSON  SWORD
trademark  include nondisposable systems such  as PROTECTOR, PROFILE, SYSTEM II,
DUPLO and LADY PROTECTOR, and disposable products that include COLOURS,  PRONTO,
RETRACTOR, RETRACTOR TWIN, SHAVA II, ULTRA CARESSE LADYSHAVER and EXTRA II.
 
     Warner-Lambert's shaving products are promoted principally through consumer
advertising   and  promotional  programs.  They   are  distributed  directly  to
wholesalers for sale  to smaller  retailers, drugstores,  pharmacies and  retail
outlets,  including pharmacies, food stores,  variety stores, mass merchandisers
and other miscellaneous outlets.
 
     Pet  Care  Products:  Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  sells   various
products  on a worldwide  basis for ornamental  fish and for  reptiles and other
small pets, as  well as  books relating to  various pets,  under the  trademarks
TETRA,  TETRA POND,  TETRA PRESS,  TETRA TERRAFAUNA  and TETRA  SECONDNATURE. In
addition,  Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  distributes  aquarium  products
(including power filters and replacement cartridges, air pumps, heaters, plastic
plants  and other accessories)  that are marketed largely  under the WHISPER and
SECONDNATURE trademarks.  These  pet care  products  are promoted  to  consumers
through  cooperative advertising and  to retailers through  direct promotion and
advertising in trade  publications. They  are sold  to wholesalers  for sale  to
smaller  retailers and  directly to larger  chain stores and  retailers, in each
case for ultimate sale to consumers.
 
Confectionery Products
 
     The principal  products of  Warner-Lambert  in its  Confectionery  Products
segment are chewing gums, breath mints and hard candies.
 
     Warner-Lambert  manufactures  and/or  sells, in  the  United  States and/or
internationally, a  broad line  of chewing  gums and  breath mints,  as well  as
specialty  candies. Among these products are slab chewing gums (TRIDENT, DENTYNE
and DENTYNE Sugarfree), chunk bubble  gums (BUBBLICIOUS and BUBBLICIOUS  MONDO),
center-filled  gums  (BUBBALOO  and  FRESHEN-UP),  candy-coated  gums (CHICLETS,
CHICLETS  TINY  SIZE  and  CLORETS)  and  stick  gums  (CLORETS,   CINN*A*BURST,
MINT*A*BURST  and FRUIT*A*BURST). The breath mint line includes CERTS, Sugarfree
CERTS, Sugarfree  CERTS Mini-Mints,  CERTS Extra  Flavor and  CLORETS. In  1994,
 
                                       3
 
<PAGE>
Warner-Lambert  introduced a line  of hard candies called  FRUIT WAVES under the
OCEAN SPRAY trademark.
 
     Warner-Lambert's  confectionery  products  are  promoted  directly  to  the
consumer primarily through consumer advertising and in-store promotion programs.
They  are sold directly  to chain and independent  food stores, chain pharmacies
and mass merchandisers  or through candy  and tobacco wholesalers  and to  other
miscellaneous outlets which in turn sell to consumers.
 
     In  June  1994,  Warner-Lambert  acquired Saila  S.p.A.,  a  privately held
confectionery company based in Italy, for a purchase price of approximately  $66
million.
 
     Other:  In  December 1994,  Warner-Lambert  sold substantially  all  of the
intellectual property relating to the  Novon business, specialty polymers  based
upon starch and other fully biodegradable materials. These were virtually all of
the  assets remaining after  the discontinuation of the  operations of the Novon
Products Group in November 1993.
 
Pharmaceutical Products
 
     The principal  products of  Warner-Lambert in  its Pharmaceutical  Products
segment are ethical pharmaceuticals, biologicals and capsules.
 
     Ethical Pharmaceuticals and Biologicals: Warner-Lambert manufactures and/or
sells, in the United States and/or internationally, an extensive line of ethical
pharmaceuticals  and  biologicals  under  trademarks  and  trade  names  such as
PARKE-DAVIS and GOEDECKE. Among these products are analgesics (PONSTAN, PONSTEL,
EASPRIN,  VALORON,  VALORON-N,  VEGANIN  and  VALTRAN),  anesthetics  (KETALAR),
anthelmintics  (VANQUIN),  anticonvulsants (DILANTIN,  ZARONTIN  and NEURONTIN),
anti-infectives  (CHLOROMYCETIN,   COLYMYCIN,  DORYX,   ERYC,  MANDELAMINE   and
OMNICEF), antihistamines (BENADRYL), antivaricosities (HEPATHROMBIN), anti-viral
agents  (VIRA-A),  bronchodilators  (CHOLEDYL and  CHOLEDYL  SA), cardiovascular
products (NOVADRAL, DILZEM, PROCAN SR, ACCUPRIL, ACCUZIDE, ACCURETIC,  NITROSTAT
and  PIMENOL),  cognition drugs  for  treatment of  mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's
disease (COGNEX), dermatologics (BEBEN  and UTICORT), prescription  hemorrhoidal
preparations  (ANUSOL  HC),  hemostatic  agents  (THROMBOSTAT),  hormonal agents
(PITRESSIN),   influenza   vaccines   (FLUOGEN),   lipid   regulators   (LOPID),
nonsteroidal  anti-inflammatories  (MECLOMEN),  oral  contraceptives (LOESTRIN),
oxytocics (PITOCIN),  psychotherapeutic  products (CETAL  RETARD,  DEMETRIN  and
NARDIL) and urinary analgesics (PYRIDIUM).
 
     Warner-Lambert   received  approval  to   market  COGNEX  (Warner-Lambert's
trademark for tacrine or THA) in the  United States in September 1993 and  began
to ship the product in late September 1993. During 1994, Warner-Lambert received
marketing   approval   for   COGNEX,   the   first   effective   treatment   for
mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease, in a number of other countries,  including
France,  Australia  and  certain  countries  in  South  America.  Warner-Lambert
received  marketing  approval  of  COGNEX  in  Sweden  in  February  1995,   and
applications  for marketing  approval of COGNEX  in certain  other countries are
pending.
 
     Warner-Lambert began  marketing  NEURONTIN  (gabapentin  capsules)  in  the
United  States as  add-on therapy  in the  treatment of  certain types  of adult
epilepsy (i.e., partial seizures, with and without secondary generalization)  in
the  first quarter  of 1994 and  in the United  Kingdom in the  first quarter of
1993. During 1994, Warner-Lambert received marketing approval for NEURONTIN in a
number of other  countries, including South  Africa, Australia, Sweden,  Canada,
France,  Ireland, Austria, Switzerland and Germany,  and has begun or will begin
to market  NEURONTIN  in  those  countries where  marketing  approval  has  been
obtained.
 
     Warner-Lambert  received  its first  marketing  approval in  the  world for
OMNICEF in the Philippines in July 1994 and began marketing the product in  that
country in January 1995. OMNICEF is a third generation cephalosporin.
 
     PIMENOL  (Pirmenol Hydrochloride) was approved by the Ministry of Health in
Japan for the  treatment of  arrhythmias and was  launched in  December 1994  in
co-promotion with Dainippon Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
     On  January 4,  1993, the  U.S. patent  covering LOPID,  a lipid regulator,
expired,  subjecting   LOPID  to   generic   competition.  In   December   1992,
Warner-Lambert  began marketing  gemfibrozil, the  generic equivalent  of LOPID,
through its Warner  Chilcott Laboratories  division, as  described below.  Since
1993,  several  competitive  generic versions  of  gemfibrozil  tablets received
marketing approval in the United States.  As a result, combined worldwide  sales
of  LOPID  and gemfibrozil  declined  substantially in  1993  and 1994,  and are
expected to decline further in 1995.
 
     Warner-Lambert's pharmaceutical  products are  promoted for  the most  part
directly  to health care professionals  through personal solicitation of doctors
and other  professionals  by  sales representatives  with  scientific  training,
direct  mail contact  and advertising  in professional  journals. They  are sold
either directly  or  through  wholesalers  to  government  agencies,  chain  and
independent  retail pharmacies,  hospitals, clinics,  long-term care facilities,
mail order houses and  health maintenance organizations.  Sales to managed  care
entities  have become  an increasingly  large part  of Warner-Lambert's domestic
pharmaceutical sales. The Company estimates that more than 50% of pharmaceutical
sales in  the United  States during  1994  were made  to managed  care  entities
(including  government  agencies and  hospitals).  In 1994,  Warner-Lambert also
announced that it would increase its efforts in the managed care market  through
the  formation of a marketing organization  directed toward specific disease and
health care areas. For further discussion of Warner-Lambert's ethical  products,
see 'Item 1. Business -- Regulation' below.
 
     Warner-Lambert has a separate division, Warner Chilcott Laboratories, which
is  dedicated solely to the generic  drug business. Warner Chilcott Laboratories
is a manufacturer and/or  marketer of 72  generic drugs, including  gemfibrozil,
carbamazapine chewable, hydrocodone bitartrate with acetaminophen, nitroglycerin
patch,  potassium  chloride ER,  sulindac, and  a  line of  generic antibiotics,
including ampicillin, amoxicillin, penicillin, cephalexin and minocycline. These
products are promoted directly to the  pharmacy community. They are sold  either
directly  or through wholesalers  to government agencies,  chain and independent
retail pharmacies, hospitals, clinics, managed care entities, mail order  houses
and health maintenance organizations.
 
     Capsules:  Warner-Lambert  is  the  leading  worldwide  producer  of  empty
hard-gelatin capsules used by pharmaceutical  companies for their production  of
encapsulated products. These capsules are used by Warner-Lambert or manufactured
by  Warner-Lambert according to the specifications  of each of its customers and
are sold under such trademarks as CAPSUGEL, CONI-SNAP and SNAP-FIT.
 
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
 
     Although Warner-Lambert  has  globalized  most of  its  organization  on  a
segment   basis,  Warner-Lambert's  international   businesses  are  carried  on
principally through subsidiaries and branches,  which are generally staffed  and
managed by citizens of the countries in which they operate. Approximately 23,500
of  Warner-Lambert's employees are located outside  the United States and only a
small number  of such  employees  are United  States  citizens. Certain  of  the
products  described above  are manufactured  and marketed  solely in  the United
States and certain other products are manufactured and marketed solely in one or
more foreign countries.
 
     International  sales  to  unaffiliated   customers  in  1994  amounted   to
approximately  54% of the Company's worldwide  sales. International sales do not
include sales of  products exported from  the U.S., which  sales represent  less
than  1% of  total U.S.  sales. The  seven largest  markets with  respect to the
distribution of Warner-Lambert  products sold outside  the United States  during
1994  were Japan, Germany, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Mexico and Italy.
Sales in  these  markets accounted  for  approximately 64%  of  Warner-Lambert's
international  sales,  with  no one  country  accounting  for more  than  17% of
international sales.
 
     In 1994,  Warner-Lambert announced  that it  will make  an initial  capital
investment of approximately $30 million over the next three years to establish a
confectionery  and  consumer  health  care products  operation  in  the Peoples'
Republic of  China. Through  a joint  venture with  a Chinese  partner,  Warner-
Lambert  intends to construct and operate a manufacturing facility in Guangzhou.
This facility will initially produce  confectionery products which will be  sold
both in China and exported.
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
     In  accordance  with customary  market conditions,  sales made  outside the
United States  are generally  made on  longer  terms of  payment than  would  be
customary  in  the  United  States. In  addition,  international  operations are
subject to  certain risks  inherent in  carrying on  business abroad,  including
possible  nationalization, expropriation and other  governmental action, as well
as fluctuations in currency exchange  rates. The likelihood of such  occurrences
varies  from country  to country  and is  not predictable.  However, the Company
believes  that  its   geographic  diversity  minimizes   exposure  to   currency
fluctuations   resulting  in  one  or   more  foreign  countries.  Although  the
devaluation of the  Mexican peso in  December 1994  will have an  impact on  the
Company's 1995 results of operations, the Company believes that such impact will
not be material.
 
RESTRUCTURING
 
     In   November  1993,  Warner-Lambert  announced   a  program  covering  the
rationalization of  manufacturing  facilities,  principally  in  North  America,
including  the eventual closing of seven plants, an organizational restructuring
and related workforce reductions of approximately 2,800 positions over the  next
several  years. For  further discussion  of Warner-Lambert's  restructuring, see
'Management's Discussion  and Analysis  of Financial  Condition and  Results  of
Operations  -- Restructuring' and Note 3 to the Company's consolidated financial
statements, contained in  Warner-Lambert's 1994 Annual  Report and  incorporated
herein by reference.
 
COMPETITION
 
     Most  markets in which Warner-Lambert is engaged are highly competitive and
characterized by substantial  expenditures in the  advertising and promotion  of
new and existing products. In addition, there is intense competition in research
and  development in all of Warner-Lambert's  industry segments. No material part
of the business of any of  Warner-Lambert's industry segments is dependent  upon
one or a few customers.
 
MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES
 
     Warner-Lambert's products, in general, are produced and packaged at its own
facilities.   Other  than  certain  Warner  Wellcome  products  manufactured  by
Wellcome, certain products manufactured by Glaxo, certain generic drug  products
and  certain pet products, relatively few items  are manufactured in whole or in
part by outside suppliers.  Raw materials and  packaging supplies are  purchased
from  a variety  of outside  suppliers. Although  the Company,  in an  effort to
achieve cost savings, is consolidating its  sources of supply, the Company  does
not  believe that  the loss of  any one source  of supply of  such materials and
supplies would have a material effect on the business of any of Warner-Lambert's
industry segments. Warner-Lambert seeks to protect against fluctuating costs and
to assure availability of raw materials  and packaging supplies by, among  other
things,  locating alternative sources  of supply and,  in some instances, making
selective advance purchases.
 
TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
 
     Warner-Lambert's major  trademarks are  protected  by registration  in  the
United   States   and  other   countries  where   its  products   are  marketed.
Warner-Lambert believes these trademarks are  important to the marketing of  the
related products and acts to protect them from infringement. Warner-Lambert owns
many  patents and has many patent applications  pending in the patent offices of
the United States and other countries. Although a number of products and product
lines have  patent protection  that  is significant  in  the marketing  of  such
products,  the management  of Warner-Lambert does  not consider  that any single
patent or related group of patents is material to Warner-Lambert's business as a
whole or any of its industry segments.
 
     Legislation enacted during 1994 in the United States in order to  implement
the  General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade has changed the term of U.S. patents
filed after June 8,  1995 and has  lengthened the term  of some granted  patents
existing on June 8, 1995. It is not clear what the impact of this legislation on
Warner-Lambert will be.
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
 
     Warner-Lambert  employs over  2,000 scientific  and technical  personnel in
research and development  activities at various  research facilities located  in
the   United   States  and   in   foreign  countries.   Warner-Lambert  invested
approximately $456 million in  research and development  in 1994, compared  with
$465  million in 1993 and $473 million in 1992. Approximately eighty-one percent
(81%) of  Warner-Lambert's  1994  research  and  development  spending  was  for
research  and  development  related to  pharmaceutical  products. Warner-Lambert
believes research and development activities  are essential to its business  and
intends to continue such activities.
 
EMPLOYEES
 
     At  December  31,  1994,  approximately  36,000  people  were  employed  by
Warner-Lambert throughout the world.
 
REGULATION
 
     Warner-Lambert's business  is subject  to varying  degrees of  governmental
regulation  in the countries in which  it manufactures and distributes products,
and the general trend in these countries is toward more stringent regulation.
 
     In the United  States, the  food, drug  and cosmetic  industries have  been
subject  to regulation by various federal, state and local agencies with respect
to product safety and effectiveness, manufacturing and advertising and labeling.
Accordingly, from  time  to time,  with  respect to  particular  products  under
review,  such agencies  may require  Warner-Lambert to  participate in meetings,
whether public or  private, to  address safety,  efficacy, manufacturing  and/or
regulatory  issues, to conduct  additional testing or  to modify its advertising
and/or labeling.
 
     During the third quarter of 1993, a consent decree with the FDA was entered
into by  Warner-Lambert  and two  of  its principal  officers,  covering  issues
related to compliance with manufacturing and quality procedures. The decree is a
court-approved  agreement that primarily requires Warner-Lambert to certify that
laboratory and/or manufacturing procedures  at its pharmaceutical  manufacturing
facilities  in the United States and Puerto Rico meet current Good Manufacturing
Practices established by the FDA. Under the terms of the decree,  Warner-Lambert
was  permitted to ship inventory existing at the  time of entry of the decree of
most of its products, and has been permitted to continue to manufacture and ship
prescription medications  deemed  medically necessary  while  the  certification
process  is ongoing. The manufacture and  distribution of its remaining products
was suspended pending completion  of certain certification procedures.  Relevant
laboratories   in   all   United   States  plants   have   been   certified  and
Warner-Lambert's manufacturing facilities in the mainland United States  quickly
resumed  substantially full operations.  Most prescription products manufactured
at  the  two  Puerto  Rico  facilities  were  deemed  medically  necessary   and
experienced no significant interruption in supply, and the production of certain
other  products  has been  transferred from  those  facilities to  mainland U.S.
facilities  or  sourced   from  third  parties.   Although  there  are   several
prescription  products that  have not  yet returned to  the market  or have been
withdrawn, most of those  pharmaceutical products which  the Company intends  to
continue  manufacturing and/or marketing  have returned to  full manufacture and
distribution. Warner-Lambert continues to make progress in resolving the  issues
related  to  this matter.  Warner-Lambert is  working with  the FDA  to complete
facility certification for the Vega Baja and Fajardo plants in Puerto Rico.  The
certification  for the pharmaceutical  portion of Warner-Lambert's manufacturing
facility at Vega Baja, Puerto Rico was accepted by the FDA in February 1995.  It
is  not  possible to  predict when  certifications  for the  other manufacturing
facilities in Puerto Rico will be  accepted by the FDA, although  Warner-Lambert
is  actively working with outside experts and the FDA to accomplish this as soon
as possible. Compliance  with FDA  restrictions, including  the consent  decree,
resulted  in an estimated aggregate loss  of sales revenue of approximately $135
million in 1993, which lost sales revenue continued in 1994. Most of these sales
will never be recovered.
 
     The  FDA's   Application   Integrity   Policy  ('AIP')   was   applied   to
Warner-Lambert's  Fajardo  and Vega  Baja, Puerto  Rico facilities  in September
1992, due to discrepancies found in data generated at those facilities. Pursuant
to the  AIP,  Warner-Lambert,  through  independent  experts  in  pharmaceutical
 
                                       7
 
<PAGE>
manufacturing,  has conducted validity  assessments of certain  FDA filings made
with respect  to certain  products manufactured  or to  be manufactured  at  its
facilities  in  Vega  Baja  and  Fajardo,  Puerto  Rico.  The  FDA  has deferred
substantive scientific  reviews  of  pending  NDA's  and  Abbreviated  New  Drug
Applications  ('ANDA's')  for products  to be  manufactured at  these facilities
(including the oral contraceptive  ESTROSTEP), and for  supplements to NDA's  or
ANDA's  for  products  currently  manufactured at  these  facilities,  while the
Company is subject to the AIP. The  FDA did not suspend review of two  medically
important  drugs, COGNEX  (tacrine) and NEURONTIN  (gabapentin), discussed above
under the caption 'Item 1.  Business Segments -- Pharmaceutical Products',  both
of  which obtained U.S.  marketing approval in  1993. Warner-Lambert has pledged
its full cooperation, has actively worked  with the FDA and continues to  engage
in  discussions with  the FDA in  order to  resolve all issues  relating to this
matter.  In  1994  and  1995,  Warner-Lambert  filed  all  the  expert  validity
assessments  that had  not yet been  filed, except for  one supplemental report,
which is expected to be  submitted in April 1995.  The Company also submitted  a
Corrective  Action Operating  Plan to the  FDA in December  1994, which outlines
corrective actions that  have been  or will be  implemented in  response to  the
validity  assessments. The FDA is currently  inspecting the Company's Vega Baja,
Puerto Rico  pharmaceutical facility  and  will inspect  the other  Puerto  Rico
pharmaceutical  facility prior to lifting the AIP. It is not possible to predict
when or whether the AIP will be  lifted or whether the FDA will take  additional
action.
 
     Regulatory  requirements concerning  the research  and development  of drug
products have  increased in  complexity  and scope  in  recent years.  This  has
resulted in a substantial increase in the time and expense required to bring new
products  to market.  At the  same time,  the FDA  requirements for  approval of
generic drugs  (drugs containing  the  same active  chemical as  an  innovator's
product)  have been decreased  by the adoption of  abbreviated new drug approval
procedures for most generic drugs. Generic versions of many of  Warner-Lambert's
products  in the Pharmaceutical Products segment are being marketed in the U.S.,
and generic substitution legislation, which permits a pharmacist to substitute a
generic version of a drug for the one prescribed, has been enacted in some  form
in all states. These factors have resulted in increased competition from generic
manufacturers  in the market  for ethical products. For  example, LOPID has been
subject to this increased competition following the expiration of its patent  on
January  4,  1993,  as  discussed  above under  the  caption  'Item  1. Business
Segments -- Pharmaceutical Products'.
 
     Federal legislation  enacted  in late  1990  prohibits the  expenditure  of
federal  Medicaid funds for outpatient drugs  of manufacturers that do not agree
to pay specified rebates. Similar legislation has been enacted in several states
extending rebates to  state administered  non-Medicaid programs.  Warner-Lambert
has  been adhering to such rebate programs and other related rebate programs and
has incurred rebate expenses of approximately  $65 million, $57 million and  $37
million  in 1994, 1993 and 1992,  respectively. However, Warner-Lambert does not
believe such rebate expenses have had,  or will have, a material adverse  effect
upon its financial position.
 
     As  a result of the failure of the Clinton Administration's proposed health
care plan to be adopted during 1994, the immediate threat of health care  reform
and  related price controls, which would  have had negative implications for the
pharmaceutical industry,  has  diminished. However,  as  a result  of  the  1995
phase-in  of U.S. tax  law changes enacted  in 1993 and  expected changes in the
Company's  global  profit  composition,  Warner-Lambert  anticipates  that   its
effective tax rate will increase in 1995 by several percentage points.
 
     The  regulatory agencies  under whose purview  Warner-Lambert operates have
administrative and legal powers that may subject Warner-Lambert and its products
to seizure actions, product recalls and  other civil and criminal actions.  They
may   also   subject  the   industry   to  emergency   regulatory  requirements.
Warner-Lambert's policy is to comply fully with all regulatory requirements.  It
is  impossible to predict,  however, what effect,  if any, these  matters or any
pending or future legislation, regulations  or governmental actions may have  on
the conduct of Warner-Lambert's business in the future.
 
     In  most of the foreign countries where Warner-Lambert does business, it is
subject to a regulatory and legislative  climate similar to or more  restrictive
than  that described above. The Company can  not predict whether or what type of
measures will be encountered in the future.
 
                                       8
 
<PAGE>
ENVIRONMENT
 
     Warner-Lambert is responsible for compliance with a number of environmental
laws and  regulations.  Warner-Lambert  maintains control  systems  designed  to
assure   compliance  in  all  material  respects  with  environmental  laws  and
regulations, including  environmental policies  and maintenance  of a  worldwide
audit program to assure compliance with environmental regulations.
 
     Warner-Lambert   is   involved  in   various  administrative   or  judicial
proceedings related  to environmental  actions  initiated by  the  Environmental
Protection  Agency under the  Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability  Act (also  known  as Superfund)  or  by state  authorities  under
similar  state legislation, or  by third parties.  For some of  the sites, other
parties  (defined  as  potentially  responsible  parties)  may  be  jointly  and
severally  responsible, along with Warner-Lambert,  to pay remediation and other
related  expenses.  For  other   sites  --  for   example,  those  sites   which
Warner-Lambert  currently owns or previously owned  -- Warner-Lambert may be the
sole party responsible for clean-up costs.  While it is not possible to  predict
with certainty the outcome of such matters or the total cost of remediation, the
management  of  Warner-Lambert  believes  it  is  unlikely  that  their ultimate
disposition will have  a material adverse  effect on Warner-Lambert's  financial
position,  liquidity, cash flow  or results of operations  for any year. Actions
with respect  to  environmental  programs and  compliance  result  in  operating
expenses  and capital  expenditures. Warner-Lambert's  capital expenditures with
respect to environmental programs and compliance  in 1994 were not, and in  1995
are not expected to be, material to the business of Warner-Lambert.
 
     For  additional information relating to environmental matters, see 'Item 3.
Legal Proceedings'  and  Note  19  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,
'Environmental  Liabilities', on pages 46 through  47 of the Warner-Lambert 1994
Annual Report, incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
 
     The executive offices of Warner-Lambert  are located in Morris Plains,  New
Jersey.  In  the  United  States,  including  Puerto  Rico,  Warner-Lambert owns
facilities aggregating approximately 6,900,000 square feet and leases facilities
having an aggregate of approximately 853,000 square feet.
 
     Warner-Lambert's  U.S.  manufacturing   plants  are   located  in   Lititz,
Pennsylvania  (pharmaceuticals  and  consumer health  care);  Rockford, Illinois
(confectionery and consumer health care); Rochester, Michigan (pharmaceuticals);
Holland,    Michigan    (pharmaceuticals);    Morris   Plains,     New    Jersey
(pharmaceuticals); Greenwood,  South Carolina  (capsules); Milford,  Connecticut
(razors  and blades); Oakland,  New Jersey (pet  care products); and Blacksburg,
Virginia (pet care products). Warner-Lambert Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary  of
Warner-Lambert   operating  in  Puerto  Rico,  has  plants  located  in  Fajardo
(pharmaceuticals); and  Vega Baja  (pharmaceuticals,  consumer health  care  and
confectionery).
 
     In  connection  with the  restructuring discussed  above under  the caption
'Item 1. Business -- Restructuring', Warner-Lambert closed its Carolina,  Puerto
Rico  confectionery manufacturing  plant during  1994, and  sold it  in February
1995.
 
     In the  United States,  Warner-Lambert  currently distributes  its  various
products  through its manufacturing plants  and two primary distribution centers
located in Lititz, Pennsylvania and Elk Grove, Illinois. Principal U.S. research
facilities are  located  in Ann  Arbor,  Michigan (pharmaceuticals)  and  Morris
Plains, New Jersey (pharmaceuticals, consumer health care and confectionery).
 
     Internationally,  Warner-Lambert  owns,  leases  or  operates,  through its
subsidiaries or branches,  72 production facilities  in 34 countries.  Principal
international  manufacturing plants are located  in Germany, the United Kingdom,
Belgium, Italy,  Canada,  Mexico,  Hong Kong,  Japan,  Ireland,  Spain,  France,
Brazil, Venezuela and Australia. Principal international research facilities are
located in Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom and Canada.
 
     As  discussed above  under the heading  'Item 1.  Business -- International
Operations', Warner-Lambert  announced in  1994  that it  will make  an  initial
capital  investment of  approximately $30 million  over the next  three years to
establish a confectionery  and consumer  health care products  operation and  to
construct a manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China.
 
                                       9
 
<PAGE>
     In  order  to increase  efficiency and  to  lower its  cost of  goods sold,
Warner-Lambert, over a number of years and at significant cost, has consolidated
many of its plants and facilities around  the world. This has often resulted  in
the  production of pharmaceutical products, consumer health care products and/or
confectionery products at a single facility.
 
     Warner-Lambert's facilities are generally  in good operating condition  and
repair  and at present are adequately  utilized within reasonable limits. Leases
are not material to the business of Warner-Lambert taken as a whole.
 
     For  information  regarding  the  organizational  restructuring  and  plant
rationalization  announced  by Warner-Lambert  in  November 1993,  see  'Item 1.
Business -- Restructuring' above.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
 
     For a  discussion of  Warner-Lambert's consent  decree with  the U.S.  FDA,
covering  issues related to compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices
established by the FDA, and other  regulatory matters, see above under 'Item  1.
Business  -- Regulation'.  For additional information  relating to environmental
matters see above under 'Item 1. Business -- Environment'.
 
     Warner-Lambert and certain  present and former  employees were served  with
subpoenas in 1993 by the U.S. Attorney's office in Maryland, which is conducting
an  inquiry  relating to  compliance with  FDA  regulations, to  produce records
and/or appear  before  a federal  grand  jury in  Baltimore.  Warner-Lambert  is
cooperating  with  the  inquiry  and  cannot predict  what  the  outcome  of the
investigation will be.
 
     In September 1993, Warner-Lambert received a Complaint and Compliance Order
from the Environmental Protection Agency  ('EPA') seeking penalties of  $268,000
for  alleged violations of  the Resource Conservation  and Recovery Act, Boilers
and Industrial Furnace regulations. Warner-Lambert is contesting the allegations
contained within the Complaint and has entered into negotiations with the EPA in
an attempt to  resolve these issues.  Although it  is too early  to predict  the
outcome  of  this  action,  Warner-Lambert  does  not  at  present  expect  this
litigation to  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its  financial  position,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations.
 
     Beginning   in  late  1993,  Warner-Lambert,   along  with  numerous  other
pharmaceutical manufacturers and wholesalers, has been sued in a number of state
and federal antitrust lawsuits by  retail pharmacies seeking treble damages  and
injunctive  relief.  These actions  arise from  alleged price  discrimination by
which the defendant drug companies, acting  alone or in concert, are alleged  to
have  favored  institutions, managed  care entities,  mail order  pharmacies and
other buyers with  lower prices  for brand  name prescription  drugs than  those
afforded to plaintiff retailers. The federal cases have been consolidated by the
Judicial  Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and transferred to the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois for pre-trial proceedings. The state
cases pending  in California  have been  coordinated in  the Superior  Court  of
California,  County of  San Francisco. Warner-Lambert  has also been  named as a
defendant in actions in state courts in Alabama, Minnesota and Wisconsin brought
by classes  of pharmacies,  each  arising from  the  same allegations  of  price
discrimination. In addition, the Company is named in a class action complaint in
King  County, Washington,  brought by a  class of consumers  who purchased brand
name prescription drugs  at retail pharmacies.  This case also  arises from  the
same  allegations of  price discrimination.  Warner-Lambert believes  that these
actions are without merit and will defend itself vigorously. Although it is  too
early  to  predict the  outcome  of these  actions,  Warner-Lambert does  not at
present expect  this  litigation  to  have a  material  adverse  effect  on  its
financial position, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations.
 
     In  November 1994, Warner-Lambert received an enforcement action letter and
draft complaint from the Department of  Justice alleging violation of the  Clean
Water Act with regard to operation of the wastewater treatment plant at its Vega
Baja, Puerto Rico facility. Warner-Lambert is engaged in settlement negotiations
with  the Department with respect to this  matter and is continuing to work with
the  EPA,  Region  II,  to  bring  the  facility  into  compliance  with  limits
established  in a  discharge permit.  Although it  is too  early to  predict the
outcome of this  action, Warner-Lambert does  not expect this  action to have  a
material  adverse  effect on  its financial  position,  liquidity, cash  flow or
results of operations.
 
                                       10
 
<PAGE>
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
     Information with respect to the executive officers of Warner-Lambert as  of
March 1, 1995 is set forth below:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Melvin R. Goodes.........................   59     Chairman of the       Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                     Board and Chief       Executive Officer (since August
                                                     Executive Officer;    1991); President and Chief Operating
                                                     Director              Officer (July 1985 -- July 1991)
Lodewijk J. R. de Vink...................   50     President and Chief   President and Chief Operating Officer
                                                     Operating Officer;    (since August 1991); Executive Vice
                                                     Director              President and President, U.S.
                                                                           Operations (April 1990 -- July
                                                                           1991); Vice President and President,
                                                                           International Operations (October
                                                                           1988 -- March 1990)
John F. Walsh............................   52     Executive Vice        Executive Vice President (since
                                                     President             January 1991); President, Consumer
                                                                           Healthcare Sector (since December
                                                                           1994); President, Consumer Products
                                                                           Sector (January 1992 -- December
                                                                           1994); Vice President (November
                                                                           1986 -- December 1990); President,
                                                                           International Operations (March
                                                                           1990 -- December 1991); President,
                                                                           Canada/Latin America Group (March
                                                                           1989 -- March 1990)
Ernest J. Larini.........................   52     Vice President and    Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                     Chief Financial       Officer (since November 1992); Vice
                                                     Officer               President, Financial Administration
                                                                           (June 1992 -- October 1992); Vice
                                                                           President and Controller (May
                                                                           1990 -- May 1992); Treasurer
                                                                           (February 1988 -- April 1990)
J. Frank Lazo............................   47     Vice President        Vice President (since April 1990);
                                                                           President, Confectionery Sector
                                                                           (since December 1994); President,
                                                                           Latin America/ Asia/Australia/Middle
                                                                           East/Africa Group (January 1992 --
                                                                           December 1994); President, Latin
                                                                           America/Asia/Australia Group (July
                                                                           1991 -- December 1991); President,
                                                                           Canada/Latin America Group (April
                                                                           1990 -- July 1991); Regional
                                                                           President, Brazil/Chile/Peru/Uruguay
                                                                           (October 1988 -- March 1990)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       11
 
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Ronald M. Cresswell, Ph.D................   60     Vice President        Vice President (since May 1988);
                                                                           Chairman, Parke-Davis Research
                                                                           (since November 1989); President,
                                                                           Parke-Davis Research (May 1988 --
                                                                           November 1989)
Pedro M. Cuatrecasas, M.D................   58     Vice President        Vice President (since October 1989);
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis Research
                                                                           (since October 1989)
Raymond M. Fino..........................   52     Vice President        Vice President, Human Resources (since
                                                                           January 1985)
George L. Fotiades.......................   41     Vice President        Vice President (since November 1992);
                                                                           President, Warner Wellcome Consumer
                                                                           Healthcare U.S.A. (since January
                                                                           1994); President, Consumer Health
                                                                           Products Group (November 1992 --
                                                                           January 1994); President, Consumer
                                                                           Products, Japan, Bristol-Myers
                                                                           Squibb Company (January
                                                                           1992 -- November 1992); Senior Vice
                                                                           President, General Manager, Clairol
                                                                           U.S., Bristol-Myers Squibb (January
                                                                           1991 -- January 1992); Senior Vice
                                                                           President, Boyle-Midway, American
                                                                           Home Products (August
                                                                           1988 -- December 1990)
William F. Gilroy........................   58     Vice President and    Vice President (since February 1985);
                                                     Controller            Controller (since June 1992); Vice
                                                                           President, Finance Administration
                                                                           (January 1992 -- June 1992); Vice
                                                                           President, Finance Administration,
                                                                           International Operations (February
                                                                           1988 -- December 1991)
Philip M. Gross..........................   53     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1990);
                                                                           Vice President, Strategic Management
                                                                           Processes (since January 1994);
                                                                           President, Novon Products Group
                                                                           (January 1990 -- January 1994)
Gregory L. Johnson.......................   48     Vice President and    Vice President and General Counsel
                                                     General Counsel       (since October 1983)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       12
 
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Surinder Kumar, Ph.D.....................   50     Vice President        Vice President (since October 1993);
                                                                           President, Consumer Products
                                                                           Research & Development (since
                                                                           October 1992); Senior Vice
                                                                           President, Research & Development,
                                                                           Pepsico, Inc. (February 1990 --
                                                                           October 1992); Vice President,
                                                                           Research & Development, Pepsico,
                                                                           Inc. (February 1988 -- February
                                                                           1990)
Bertil R. Lang...........................   53     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1992);
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis, Europe
                                                                           (since January 1992); Regional
                                                                           President, Germany/Austria/
                                                                           Switzerland (March 1989 -- 
                                                                           December 1991); Regional
                                                                           President, Germany (April
                                                                           1986 -- March 1989)
F. Phillip Milhomme......................   58     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1992);
                                                                           President, Confectionery Products,
                                                                           Europe/Middle East/Africa
                                                                           (since December 1994); President,
                                                                           Consumer Products, Europe
                                                                           (January 1992 -- December 1994);
                                                                           President, Middle East/Africa/Europe
                                                                           (September 1989 -- December 1991)
S. Morgan Morton.........................   55     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1994);
                                                                           President, Shaving Products Group
                                                                           (since September 1993); President,
                                                                           Schick (January 1992 -- September
                                                                           1993); President, Warner-Lambert
                                                                           Canada (January 1988 -- January
                                                                           1992)
Harold F. Oberkfell......................   48     Vice President        Vice President (since January 1992);
                                                                           President, Latin America/Asia Sector
                                                                           (since February 1995); President,
                                                                           Parke-Davis, North America (January
                                                                           1992 -- February 1995); Vice
                                                                           President, Parke-Davis Marketing and
                                                                           Sales (July 1986 -- December 1991)
Joseph E. Smith..........................   55     Vice President        Vice President, External Relations
                                                                           (since January 1994); Executive Vice
                                                                           President (January 1991 -- January
                                                                           1994); President, Pharmaceutical
                                                                           Sector (January 1992 -- January
                                                                           1994); Vice President (March
                                                                           1989 -- December 1990); President,
                                                                           Parke-Davis Group (March
                                                                           1989 -- December 1991)
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       13
 
<PAGE>
(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      POSITIONS AND              PRINCIPAL OCCUPATIONS
                                                       OFFICES HELD                  AND EMPLOYMENT
                  NAME                      AGE      WITH REGISTRANT              DURING PAST 5 YEARS
- -----------------------------------------   ---    --------------------  --------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>                   <C>
Fred G. Weiss............................   53     Vice President        Vice President (since August 1982);
                                                                           Vice President, Planning, Investment
                                                                           and Development (since August 1983)
William S. Woodson.......................   60     Vice President and    Vice President and Treasurer (since
                                                     Treasurer             December 1991); Vice President,
                                                                           Finance, Novon Products Group
                                                                           (September 1990 -- November 1991);
                                                                           Vice President, Corporate Control
                                                                           and Analysis (February 1988 --
                                                                           September 1990)
Rae G. Paltiel...........................   48     Secretary             Secretary (since February 1986)
</TABLE>
 
     All of the above-mentioned officers, with the exception of Mr. Fotiades and
Dr. Kumar, have been employed by Warner-Lambert for the past five years.
 
     Mr. Fotiades has been employed by Warner-Lambert since November 1992. Prior
to  that time, Mr.  Fotiades had been employed  by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
From January 1992 to November 1992, Mr. Fotiades held the position of President,
Consumer Products, Japan  and from  January 1991 to  January 1992  he served  as
Senior  Vice  President,  General Manager,  Clairol  U.S.,  Bristol-Myers Squibb
Company, a multinational health care and consumer products company with sales of
approximately $11 billion in  1992. Prior to  his employment with  Bristol-Myers
Squibb,  he held the position of Senior Vice President, Marketing, Boyle-Midway,
American Home Products Corporation, from August 1988 to December 1990.  American
Home  Products  Corporation,  a  multinational  health  care  and  food products
company, had sales of approximately $6.8 billion in 1990.
 
     Dr. Kumar has been employed by Warner-Lambert since October 1992. Prior  to
that  time, Dr. Kumar had been employed since January 1982 by Pepsico, Inc. From
February 1990  to  October 1992  Dr.  Kumar held  the  position of  Senior  Vice
President,  Research &  Development, Pepsi  Worldwide Beverage,  a subsidiary of
Pepsico, Inc. From February 1988 to February  1990 he held the position of  Vice
President, Research & Development, Pepsi Worldwide Beverage. Pepsico, Inc. is in
the  beverage,  snack  food  and  restaurant  business,  both  domestically  and
internationally, with sales of approximately $22 billion in 1992.
 
     None of the above officers has any family relationship with any Director or
with any other officer.  Officers are elected  by the Board  of Directors for  a
term of office lasting until the next annual organizational meeting of the Board
of  Directors  or until  their  successors are  elected  and have  qualified. No
officer listed above was appointed pursuant to any arrangement or  understanding
between  such  officer and  the  Board of  Directors  or any  member  or members
thereof.
 
                                       14

<PAGE>
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
 
     The  information set forth  under the caption  'Management's Discussion and
Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  --  Shareholder
Information' on page 31 of the Warner-Lambert 1994 Annual Report is incorporated
herein by reference.
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
 
     The  information set forth under the caption 'Five-Year Summary of Selected
Financial Data'  on  page  32  of  the  Warner-Lambert  1994  Annual  Report  is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS.
 
     The  information set forth  under the caption  'Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results  of Operations' on pages 25  through
31  of the Warner-Lambert 1994 Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference
and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto contained  on pages 34 through  48 of the Warner-Lambert  1994
Annual Report.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
 
     The   consolidated   financial   statements  of   Warner-Lambert   and  its
subsidiaries, together with  the report  thereon of Price  Waterhouse LLP  dated
January  23, 1995, listed in Item 14(a)1 and included in the Warner-Lambert 1994
Annual Report at pages 34 through 48, are incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       15
 
<PAGE>
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
 
     The required  information  relating  to the  Warner-Lambert  Directors  and
nominees  is  incorporated herein  by  reference to  pages  3 through  7  of the
Warner-Lambert Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on April 25, 1995. Information relating to executive officers of  Warner-Lambert
is  set forth in  Part I of this  Form 10-K on pages  11 through 14. Information
relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
is contained in  the Proxy  Statement, referred  to above,  at page  9 and  such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
 
     Information  relating to executive  compensation is contained  in the Proxy
Statement, referred  to above  in  Item 10,  at pages  11  through 24  and  such
information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
 
     (a)  Information relating  to the  beneficial ownership  of more  than five
percent of Warner-Lambert's Common  Stock is contained  in the Proxy  Statement,
referred  to above in  Item 10, at  page 9 and  such information is incorporated
herein by reference.
 
     (b) Information relating to security  ownership of management is  contained
in  the Proxy Statement, referred to above in  Item 10, at pages 8 through 9 and
such information is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
 
     Not Applicable.
 
                                       16
 
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
 
(A) 1. ALL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
       The following  items are  included  in Part  II  of this  report  through
       incorporation  by reference to pages 34  through 48 of the Warner-Lambert
       1994 Annual Report:
 
               Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years  in
               the period ended December 31, 1994.
 
               Consolidated  Statements  of Retained  Earnings  for each  of the
               three years in the period ended December 31, 1994.
 
               Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1994 and 1993.
 
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years
               in the period ended December 31, 1994.
 
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
               Report of Independent Accountants.
 
    2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
 
       Included in Part IV of this report:
 
             Report of Independent Accountants on Financial Statement Schedule.
 
             Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves.
 
            Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are
            either not  applicable  or  the  required  information  is  included
            through  incorporation by  reference to pages  34 through  48 of the
            Warner-Lambert 1994 Annual Report.
 
    3. EXHIBITS
 
        (3) Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.
 
          (a) Restated Certificate  of Incorporation  of Warner-Lambert  Company
              filed   November  10,   1972,  as   amended  to   April  24,  1990
              (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Current Report  on
              Form 8-K, dated April 24, 1990).
 
          (b) By-Laws  of Warner-Lambert Company, as amended to October 25, 1988
              (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q  for the  quarter  ended September  30, 1988  (File  No.
              1-3608)).
 
       (4)  Instruments  defining  the  rights  of  security  holders, including
            indentures.
 
          (a)  Rights Agreement, dated as  of June 28, 1988,  and amended as  of
               June  27, 1989, between Warner-Lambert  Company and First Chicago
               Trust Company  of  New York,  as  Rights Agent  (Incorporated  by
               reference to Warner-Lambert's Registration Statement on Form 8-A,
               dated  June 28, 1988,  as amended by  Form 8, dated  July 5, 1989
               (File No. 1-3608)).
 
          (b)  Warner-Lambert agrees to furnish to the Commission, upon request,
               a copy of  each instrument  with respect to  issues of  long-term
               debt  of  Warner-Lambert.  The principal  amount  of  debt issues
               authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of  the
               total assets of Warner-Lambert.
 
       (10) Material contracts.
 
<TABLE>
           <S>    <C>
           (a)*   Warner-Lambert  Company 1983 Stock Option Plan, as  amended to November 26, 1991 (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
</TABLE>
 
                                       17
 
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
           <S>    <C>
           (b)*   Warner-Lambert Company 1987 Stock Option Plan,  as amended to November 26, 1991  (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (c)*   Warner-Lambert  Company 1989  Stock Plan,  as amended  to November  26, 1991  (Incorporated by
                  reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (d)*   Warner-Lambert Company 1992  Stock Plan,  as amended to  September 27,  1994 (Incorporated  by
                  reference  to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for  the quarter ended September
                  30, 1994).
           (e)*   Warner-Lambert  Company  Incentive  Compensation  Plan,  as  amended  to  September  27,  1994
                  (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended September 30, 1994).
           (f)*   Warner-Lambert Company Supplemental  Pension Income  Plan, as  amended to  September 27,  1994
                  (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended September 30, 1994).
           (g)*   Group  Plan   Participation  by   Non-employee  Directors   (Incorporated  by   reference   to
                  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
           (h)*   Warner-Lambert  Company Directors' Retirement Plan, as  amended to June 26, 1990 (Incorporated
                  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June  30,
                  1990).
           (i)*   Warner-Lambert  Excess  Savings Plan,  formerly Warner-Lambert  Supplemental Savings  Plan, as
                  amended to October 1, 1994 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on
                  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1994).
           (j)*   Warner-Lambert   Company  Executive  Severance   Plan,  as  amended   to  September  27,  1994
                  (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter
                  ended September 30, 1994).
           (k)*   Restricted  Stock Plan for Directors of Warner-Lambert Company, as amended to January 28, 1992
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (l)*   Employment  Agreement dated  September 24, 1985  between Warner-Lambert Company  and Melvin R.
                  Goodes, Chairman  of the  Board and  Chief Executive  Officer, as  amended to  August 1,  1991
                  (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended September 30, 1991).
           (m)*   Employment Agreement  effective  as of  August  1,  1991 between  Warner-Lambert  Company  and
                  Lodewijk  J. R. de Vink,  President and Chief Operating  Officer (Incorporated by reference to
                  Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991).
           (n)*   Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 1, 1991, between Warner-Lambert Company and Joseph
                  D. Williams, Director (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the  fiscal
                  year ended December 31, 1991).
           (o)*   Consulting   Arrangement  between  Warner-Lambert  Company   and  B.  Charles  Ames,  Director
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (p)*   Consulting   Arrangement  between  Warner-Lambert  Company   and  Paul  S.  Russell,  Director
                  (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ended  December
                  31, 1991).
           (q)    Global Principles Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1993, between Warner-Lambert Company and
                  Glaxo  Holdings plc (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for the fiscal
                  year ended December 31, 1993).
</TABLE>
 
                                       18
 
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
           <S>    <C>
           (r)    Global Principles  Agreement, dated  December  17, 1993,  between Warner-Lambert  Company  and
                  Wellcome  plc (Incorporated  by reference  to Warner-Lambert's Form  10-K for  the fiscal year
                  ended December 31, 1993).
</TABLE>
 
      (12) Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
 
      (13) Copy of the Warner-Lambert Company  Annual Report for the year  ended
           December  31, 1994.  Such report,  except for  those portions thereof
           which are expressly  incorporated by reference  herein, is  furnished
           solely  for the information of the Commission and is not to be deemed
           'filed' as part of this filing.
 
      (21) Subsidiaries of the registrant.
 
      (23) Consent of Independent Accountants.
 
      (27) Financial Data Schedule (EDGAR filing only).
 
- ------------
 
*  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be  filed
   as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 14(c).
 
(B) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
    Warner-Lambert  did  not file  any Current  Report(s) on  Form 8-K  with the
    Securities and Exchange  Commission during  the last quarter  of the  fiscal
    year ended December 31, 1994.
 
    Warner-Lambert  will furnish to  any holder of  its securities, upon request
    and at a reasonable cost, copies of the Exhibits listed in Item 14.
 
                                       19

<PAGE>
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
  WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
 
     Our  audits of  the consolidated  financial statements  referred to  in our
report dated January 23, 1995 appearing on page 48 of the 1994 Annual Report  to
Shareholders  of Warner-Lambert Company (which report and consolidated financial
statements are incorporated  by reference in  this Annual Report  on Form  10-K)
also included an audit of the Financial Statement Schedule listed in Item 14(a)2
of  this Form 10-K.  In our opinion, this  Financial Statement Schedule presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
 
                                          PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
 
4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey
January 23, 1995
 
                                       20

<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE II
 
                    WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    ADDITIONS       ADDITIONS
                                                      BALANCE AT    CHARGED TO     CHARGED TO                    BALANCE
                                                      BEGINNING     COSTS AND     SHAREHOLDERS'                  AT END
                    DESCRIPTION                        OF YEAR       EXPENSES        EQUITY        DEDUCTIONS    OF YEAR
- ---------------------------------------------------   ----------    ----------    -------------    ----------    -------
                                                                            (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
 
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>
Year ended December 31, 1994:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts...............     $ 20.5        $  4.4           $ --            $ 3.1      $ 21.8
     Allowance for deferred tax assets (a).........      108.9          14.9             --             32.2        91.6
     Unrealized fair market value adjustment for
       'available for sale' securities (b).........         --            --            2.9               --         2.9
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
                                                        $129.4        $ 19.3           $2.9            $35.3      $116.3
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
Year ended December 31, 1993:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts...............     $ 18.6        $  2.9           $ --            $ 1.0      $ 20.5
     Allowance for deferred tax assets (c).........         --         108.9             --              --        108.9
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
                                                        $ 18.6        $111.8           $ --            $ 1.0      $129.4
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
Year ended December 31, 1992:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts...............     $ 15.3        $  6.3           $ --            $ 3.0      $ 18.6
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
                                                      ----------    ----------        -----        ----------    -------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (a) Additions primarily represent valuation allowances for foreign capital loss
     carryforwards.  Deductions are  primarily due to  improved profitability in
     European operations  which  resulted in  the  realization of  some  of  the
     deferred  tax assets associated with the 1991 restructuring (see Note 15 to
     the consolidated financial statements).
 
 (b) Reflects a fair market value adjustment for 'available for sale' securities
     resulting from the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting  Standards
     (SFAS)  No. 115,  'Accounting for  Certain Investments  in Debt  and Equity
     Securities.'
 
 (c) The addition of  $108.9 reflects $92.0  for the adoption  of SFAS No.  109,
     'Accounting  for Income Taxes,'  as of January  1, 1993 and  $16.9 for 1993
     additions (see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).
 
                                       21

<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES
 
     PURSUANT  TO  THE REQUIREMENTS  OF SECTION  13 OR  15(d) OF  THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON
ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED.
 
                                          WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY
                                               Registrant
 
<TABLE>
<S>                          <C>
Dated as of March 20, 1995              By             /s/ MELVIN R. GOODES
                             .........................................................
                                                 Melvin R. Goodes
                                               Chairman of the Board
                                            and Chief Executive Officer
</TABLE>
 
     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,  THIS
REPORT  HAS  BEEN  SIGNED  BELOW  BY THE  FOLLOWING  PERSONS  ON  BEHALF  OF THE
REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATES INDICATED.
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                               <C>
      /s/ MELVIN R. GOODES
By    ................................................
                      Melvin R. Goodes
                   Chairman of the Board
                and Chief Executive Officer
               (Principal Executive Officer)
                        and Director
 
      /s/ ERNEST J. LARINI
By    ................................................
                      Ernest J. Larini
                  Vice President and Chief
                     Financial Officer
               (Principal Financial Officer)
 
      /s/ WILLIAM F. GILROY
By    ................................................
                     William F. Gilroy
               Vice President and Controller
               (Principal Accounting Officer)           March 20, 1995
 
      /s/ B. CHARLES AMES
By    ................................................
                 B. Charles Ames, Director
 
      /s/ DONALD C. CLARK
By    ................................................
                 Donald C. Clark, Director
 
      /s/ LODEWIJK J. R. DE VINK
By    ................................................
              Lodewijk J. R. de Vink, Director
 
      /s/ JOHN A. GEORGES
By    ................................................
                 John A. Georges, Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       22
 
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                               <C>
      /s/ WILLIAM H. GRAY III
By    ................................................
               William H. Gray III, Director
 
      /s/ WILLIAM R. HOWELL
By    ................................................
                William R. Howell, Director
 
      /s/ LASALLE D. LEFFALL, JR.
By    ................................................
          LaSalle D. Leffall, Jr., M.D., Director
 
      /s/ PATRICIA SHONTZ LONGE
By    ................................................
           Patricia Shontz Longe, Ph.D., Director       March 20, 1995
 
      /s/ LAWRENCE G. RAWL
By    ................................................
                 Lawrence G. Rawl, Director
 
      /s/ PAUL S. RUSSELL
By    ................................................
              Paul S. Russell, M.D., Director
 
      /s/ MICHAEL I. SOVERN
By    ................................................
                Michael I. Sovern, Director
 
      /s/ JOSEPH D. WILLIAMS
By    ................................................
                Joseph D. Williams, Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       23

<PAGE>
                       STATEMENT OF DIFFERENCES

The registered trademark symbol shall be expressed as ........... 'r'

<PAGE>
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER    DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- ------    -----------------------
<S>       <C>   <C>
  (3)     Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.
          (a)   Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Warner-Lambert Company filed November 10, 1972, as amended
                to  April 24, 1990 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
                April 24, 1990).
          (b)   By-Laws of Warner-Lambert Company,  as amended to  October 25, 1988  (Incorporated by reference  to
                Warner-Lambert's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended September 30, 1988 (File No.
                1-3608)).
  (4)     Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures.
          (a)   Rights Agreement,  dated  as  of  June  28,  1988,  and  amended  as  of  June  27,  1989,  between
                Warner-Lambert  Company and First Chicago Trust Company  of New York, as Rights Agent (Incorporated
                by reference  to Warner-Lambert's  Registration Statement  on Form  8-A, dated  June 28,  1988,  as
                amended by Form 8, dated July 5, 1989 (File No. 1-3608)).
          (b)   Warner-Lambert  agrees to furnish to  the Commission, upon request, a  copy of each instrument with
                respect to  issues  of long-term  debt  of Warner-Lambert.  The  principal amount  of  debt  issues
                authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total assets of Warner-Lambert.
 (10)     Material contracts.
          (a)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1983 Stock  Option Plan, as  amended to November  26, 1991 (Incorporated by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (b)   Warner-Lambert Company 1987 Stock  Option Plan, as  amended to November  26, 1991 (Incorporated  by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (c)   Warner-Lambert  Company 1989 Stock Plan, as amended to November 26, 1991 (Incorporated by reference
                to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (d)   Warner-Lambert Company 1992 Stock Plan, as amended to September 27, 1994 (Incorporated by reference
                to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1994).
          (e)   Warner-Lambert Company Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended to September 27, 1994  (Incorporated
                by  reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
                1994).
          (f)   Warner-Lambert Company  Supplemental  Pension  Income  Plan,  as  amended  to  September  27,  1994
                (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                September 30, 1994).
          (g)   Group Plan Participation by Non-employee  Directors (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's
                Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (h)   Warner-Lambert  Company Directors' Retirement  Plan, as amended  to June 26,  1990 (Incorporated by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1990).
          (i)   Warner-Lambert Excess Savings Plan, formerly  Warner-Lambert Supplemental Savings Plan, as  amended
                to October 1, 1994 (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                the quarter ended September 30, 1994).
          (j)   Warner-Lambert  Company Executive Severance Plan, as amended to September 27, 1994 (Incorporated by
                reference to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q for the  quarter ended September  30,
                1994).
          (k)   Restricted  Stock Plan  for Directors  of Warner-Lambert  Company, as  amended to  January 28, 1992
                (Incorporated by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for the fiscal  year ended December  31,
                1991).
          (l)   Employment  Agreement dated September 24, 1985 between Warner-Lambert Company and Melvin R. Goodes,
                Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer, as amended  to August 1, 1991 (Incorporated  by
                reference  to Warner-Lambert's Quarterly  Report on Form  10-Q for the  quarter ended September 30,
                1991).
          (m)   Employment Agreement effective as of August 1, 1991 between Warner-Lambert Company and Lodewijk  J.
                R.  de Vink, President and  Chief Operating Officer (Incorporated  by reference to Warner-Lambert's
                Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991).
</TABLE>
 
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NUMBER    DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT
- ------    -----------------------
<S>       <C>   <C>
          (n)   Consulting Agreement, dated as of September 1,  1991, between Warner-Lambert Company and Joseph  D.
                Williams,  Director (Incorporated by  reference to Warner-Lambert's  Form 10-K for  the fiscal year
                ended December 31, 1991).
          (o)   Consulting Arrangement between Warner-Lambert Company  and B. Charles Ames, Director  (Incorporated
                by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (p)   Consulting  Arrangement between Warner-Lambert Company and  Paul S. Russell, Director (Incorporated
                by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).
          (q)   Global Principles Agreement,  dated as  of December 10,  1993, between  Warner-Lambert Company  and
                Glaxo  Holdings plc (Incorporated  by reference to  Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K  for the fiscal year
                ended December 31, 1993).
          (r)   Global Principles Agreement, dated December 17,  1993, between Warner-Lambert Company and  Wellcome
                plc (Incorporated by reference to Warner-Lambert's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
                1993).
 (12)     Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
 (13)     Copy  of the  Warner-Lambert Company Annual  Report for  the year ended  December 31,  1994. Such report,
          except for those  portions thereof which  are expressly  incorporated by reference  herein, is  furnished
          solely for the information of the Commission and is not to be deemed 'filed' as part of this filing.
 (21)     Subsidiaries of the registrant.
 (23)     Consent of Independent Accountants.
 (27)     Financial Data Schedule (EDGAR filing only).
</TABLE>


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 12
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 12
 
WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                          ------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1994       1993         1992      1991         1990
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
 
<S>                                                       <C>         <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>
Earnings before income taxes and accounting changes....   $  913.1    $318.5       $858.2    $221.5       $680.7
Add:
     Interest on indebtedness -- excluding amount
       capitalized                                            93.7      64.2         80.8      58.2         68.7
     Amortization of debt expense......................         .4        .5           .6        .4           .3
     Interest factor in rent expense(a)................       26.2      25.4         23.4      22.3         20.6
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
          Adjusted Earnings............................   $1,033.4    $408.6       $963.0    $302.4       $770.3
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
Fixed Charges:
     Interest on indebtedness..........................   $   93.7    $ 64.2       $ 80.8    $ 58.2       $ 68.7
     Capitalized interest..............................        9.4       8.6          8.1       9.4          5.2
     Amortization of debt expense......................         .4        .5           .6        .4           .3
     Interest factor in rent expense(a)................       26.2      25.4         23.4      22.3         20.6
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
          Total Fixed Charges..........................   $  129.7    $ 98.7       $112.9    $ 90.3       $ 94.8
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges.....................        8.0       4.1(b)       8.5       3.3(c)       8.1
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
                                                          --------    ------       ------    ------       ------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
 (a) Represents  one third  of rental expense,  which the company  believes is a
     reasonable approximation.
 
 (b) The company's ratio of earnings to  fixed charges for 1993 would have  been
     9.5 excluding the restructuring charge of $525.2 million.
 
 (c) The  company's ratio of earnings to fixed  charges for 1991 would have been
     9.4 excluding the restructuring charge of $544.0 million.


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations


Net Sales 
- ---------

Worldwide sales for 1994 were $6,417 million compared to $5,794
million in 1993, an 11 percent increase.  Sales growth of
approximately 7 percent was from the full-year reporting impact
of businesses acquired in 1993 and sales of approximately $320
million in 1994 from products contributed by Wellcome plc
("Wellcome") to the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations
(described below), partly offset by the absence of the
chocolate/caramel business (which was sold in October 1993). 
Unit volume growth accounted for the remaining 4 percent increase
in 1994 sales.  Price increases and foreign exchange rate changes
did not have an impact on worldwide sales growth in 1994.  In
1993, sales grew 4 percent; unit volume gains and price increases
were each 3 percent and foreign exchange rate changes had an
unfavorable impact of 2 percent.
  
[Sales, presented in graphic format, were $4.7 billion in 1990,
$5.1 billion in 1991, $5.6 billion in 1992, $5.8 billion in 1993
and $6.4 billion in 1994.]

On a geographic basis, U.S. sales in 1994 were $2,954 million, an
increase of $207 million or 8 percent over 1993. Growth was
primarily attributable to the inclusion of the Wellcome products
and the full-year reporting of 1993 acquisitions.  International
sales increased $416 million or 14 percent to $3,463 million. 
The full-year reporting of 1993 acquisitions and the inclusion of
Wellcome products increased international sales by approximately
5 percent.  In 1993, U.S. sales fell $67 million or 2 percent to
$2,747 million, while international sales rose $263 million or 9
percent to $3,047 million.  After adjusting for exchange rate
changes, 1993 international sales increased 14 percent over 1992
levels.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Consumer Health Care Products
- -----------------------------

                            1994             1993          1992   
                        ------------     ------------    -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
<S>                        <C>   <C>       <C>    <C>      <C>
Net Sales               $ 2,970  +25%    $ 2,374  +12%   $ 2,129
</TABLE>

Worldwide sales of consumer health care products increased 25
percent over 1993.  Warner-Lambert acquired several businesses in
this segment in 1993, including the European, U.S. and Canadian
operations of WILKINSON SWORD.  The full-year recognition of
sales from these businesses coupled with approximately $320
million in 1994 sales of products contributed by Wellcome to the
Warner Wellcome joint venture operations increased this segment's
sales by approximately 17 percent in 1994.  

<PAGE>
U.S. consumer health care product sales in 1994 grew 26 percent
to $1,466 million. The full-year reporting of businesses acquired
in 1993 and the inclusion of Wellcome products, including SUDAFED
and ACTIFED cold medications and NEOSPORIN topical anti-
infective, increased sales by approximately 23 percent. Products
achieving growth in the U.S. during 1994 included LISTERINE
Antiseptic mouthwash (resulting from the introduction of
FRESHBURST LISTERINE), BENADRYL antihistamine (benefiting from
the introduction of BENADRYL Dye-Free antihistamine) and sales
from the introduction of SILK EFFECTS women's wet-shave system. 
International consumer health care product sales rose 24 percent
to $1,504 million. Sales growth of 12 percent resulted from the
inclusion of the Wellcome products in Canada, certain countries
in Europe, Australia and New Zealand, and the full-year reporting
of acquired businesses. Products with international sales growth
included HALLS cough tablets, TETRA aquarium products and SCHICK
wet-shaving products.         

In December 1993, Warner-Lambert signed separate agreements with
both Wellcome and Glaxo Holdings plc ("Glaxo") governing the
establishment of joint ventures in various countries to develop
and market a broad range of nonprescription consumer health care
products.  

Warner-Lambert's agreement with Wellcome calls for both companies
to contribute to the joint venture operations current and future
over-the-counter (OTC) products.  Joint venture operations formed
pursuant to a global principles agreement began in the U.S. and
Canada in January 1994, in Australia, New Zealand and certain
countries in Europe in June 1994 and in Germany in November 1994. 
Warner-Lambert consolidates the financial results of the joint
venture operations.  Additional joint venture operations may be
established by Warner-Lambert and Wellcome in other countries
throughout the world.  A New Drug Application (NDA) for the
conversion to OTC use of Wellcome's antiviral drug ZOVIRAX as a
genital herpes medication was filed with the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) in August 1993.  On January 12, 1995, the
FDA's Antiviral Drugs and Nonprescription Drugs Advisory
Committees met and recommended not to approve ZOVIRAX as an OTC
treatment.  Although Wellcome will continue to pursue approval,
it is not possible to predict the actions the FDA will take
relating to this Rx-to-OTC switch and approval in the near term
seems unlikely. ZOVIRAX cold sore cream has been approved for OTC
use and is being sold by Warner Wellcome in several countries.

Warner-Lambert and Glaxo formed a joint venture in the U.S. that
commenced operations in December 1993.  The joint venture will
develop, seek approval of and market OTC versions of Glaxo
prescription drugs in the U.S., including ZANTAC, its
pharmaceutical product for ulcer treatment.  Additional joint
ventures are expected to be formed with Glaxo in other major
markets outside the U.S., excluding Japan.  

<PAGE>
On September 30, 1994, Glaxo submitted a NDA filing to the FDA
for the sale in the U.S. of ZANTAC as an OTC product for the
treatment of episodic heartburn.   In December 1994, ZANTAC
gained OTC marketing approval in the U.K. as a treatment for
episodic heartburn and is expected to be launched in March 1995.
In addition, in the first quarter of 1994, BECONASE, an OTC
allergy nasal spray from Glaxo was marketed in the U.K.  Warner-
Lambert will share in the profits generated by these brands as
well as other OTC products sold by the joint venture.  

In January 1995, Glaxo announced an offer to acquire all of the
shares of Wellcome.  It is unclear what impact this acquisition
(if completed) will have on Warner-Lambert.  

In 1993, worldwide sales of consumer health care products
increased 12 percent over 1992.  The growth was partly due to the
March 1993 acquisition of the European, U.S. and Canadian
operations of WILKINSON SWORD that increased the year-to-year
comparison by 6 percent. U.S. sales grew 3 percent and
international sales rose 21 percent.  Major contributors to U.S.
sales growth were HALLS, BENADRYL and E.P.T. pregnancy test kits. 
Products with international sales growth were HALLS, TETRA and
SCHICK.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Confectionery Products
- ----------------------

                             1994             1993          1992 
                         -------------    -------------   -------
                                     (Dollars in millions)
<S>                        <C>   <C>        <C>    <C>     <C>
Net Sales                $ 1,368  +5%     $ 1,306  +10%   $ 1,189
</TABLE>
 
Worldwide sales of confectionery products increased 5 percent in
1994.  U.S. sales declined 5 percent to $479 million due to the
sale of the chocolate/caramel business in the fourth quarter of
1993. Excluding chocolate/caramel sales, U.S. sales grew 5
percent from 1993, led by MINT*A*BURST chewing gum (introduced in
December 1993), FRUIT WAVES hard candy and MIGHTY MORPHIN POWER
RANGERS gum (both introduced in 1994). International sales were
$889 million, an increase of 11 percent, 12 percent at constant
exchange rates. Products with international sales growth included
TRIDENT sugarless gum and CLORETS gums and mints. 
                      
In 1993, worldwide sales of confectionery products increased 10
percent over 1992, with U.S. sales up 3 percent and international
sales increasing 14 percent. U.S. sales growth was led by
TRIDENT, MINT*A*BURST and CINN*A*BURST chewing gum. 
International sales growth was led by TRIDENT, CLORETS and
CINN*A*BURST. 

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Pharmaceutical Products
- -----------------------
                              1994             1993        1992 
                          ------------    -------------  -------
                                    (Dollars in millions)
<S>                         <C>    <C>      <C>   <C>     <C>
Net Sales                 $ 2,079  -2%    $ 2,114  -7%   $ 2,280
</TABLE>
         
Worldwide sales of pharmaceutical products in 1994 were 2 percent
lower than in 1993.  U.S. sales were down $74 million or 7
percent to $1,009 million, while international sales were up 4
percent to $1,070 million.  The decline in U.S. sales was from 
sales erosion and price reductions of both the lipid-regulator
LOPID and its generic equivalent, gemfibrozil, as a result of
generic competition. Sales of the two products fell $197 million
in 1994 and are anticipated to fall further by approximately $65
million in 1995.  

Partly offsetting the sales decline of LOPID and gemfibrozil in
the U.S. was sales growth from the cardiovascular drug ACCUPRIL
(which benefited from expanded labeling as a treatment for
congestive heart failure), the anticonvulsant DILANTIN, sales
from COGNEX, the company's drug for the treatment of Alzheimer's
disease (which was introduced in the third quarter of 1993), and
the add-on epilepsy therapy NEURONTIN (which was launched during
the first quarter of 1994).  Products with international sales
growth were ACCUPRIL, CAPSUGEL empty hard-gelatin capsules and
NEURONTIN (which by the end of 1994 had gained marketing approval
in sixteen countries).  Although there were no significant
international sales of COGNEX in 1994, by year-end Warner-Lambert
had received marketing approval for COGNEX in seven countries
outside the U.S.           

Warner-Lambert continues to make progress in resolving the issues
related to the consent decree that the company entered into with
the FDA in 1993.  The consent decree with the FDA is a court-
approved agreement that primarily requires the company to certify
that laboratory and/or manufacturing procedures at its
pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Puerto
Rico meet current Good Manufacturing Practices established by the
FDA.  Most of those pharmaceutical products which the company
intends to continue manufacturing and/or marketing have returned
to full manufacture and distribution, and laboratories in all
U.S. pharmaceutical plants have received certification.  The
company is working with the FDA to complete facility
certification for the Vega Baja and Fajardo plants in Puerto
Rico.  

In 1993, worldwide sales of pharmaceutical products were 7
percent lower than 1992, with U.S. and international sales
falling 10 percent and 4 percent, respectively.  In the U.S.,
sales fell due to the loss of patent protection on LOPID and the
FDA regulatory issues connected to the company's pharmaceutical
manufacturing.  Compliance with FDA restrictions resulted in an
estimated loss of sales revenue of approximately $135 million in
1993.  International sales were lower due to the negative impact
of foreign exchange rates and 1993 health care reform measures in
Germany.  At constant exchange rates, international sales
increased 2 percent from 1992. 
<PAGE>
Cost and Expenses
- -----------------

Cost of goods sold increased 12 percent to $2,155 million in
1994. In addition to higher sales volume, the increase was due to
the full-year reporting impact of companies acquired in 1993 and
the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations.  Cost of goods sold
increased 6 percent in 1993 to $1,918 million.  Cost of goods
sold as a percentage of net sales increased to 33.6% in 1994 from
33.1% in 1993 and 32.4% in 1992.  The increases in the ratio were
primarily due to higher cost of goods ratios in the
pharmaceutical segment, resulting from both an unfavorable
product mix and higher costs related to regulatory compliance
issues. 

Marketing expense rose 7 percent to $2,351 million in 1994
compared with a 5 percent increase to $2,196 million in 1993. 
The increase in marketing expense in 1994 was due to the full-
year inclusion of acquired businesses and the Warner Wellcome
joint venture operations, partially offset by reductions in the
U.S. pharmaceutical sales force.  In 1993, marketing expense
increased due to the inclusion of acquired companies' results,
the introduction of new products and sales force expansions in
international markets.  As a percentage of net sales, marketing
expense was 36.6% compared with 37.9% in 1993 and 37.5% in 1992,
as sales growth outpaced the company's investment in marketing in
1994.

Administrative and general expense of $444 million increased 11
percent from $400 million in 1993, primarily reflecting the full-
year inclusion of the acquired businesses and costs related to
the Warner Wellcome joint venture operations.  Expenses in 1993
were 6 percent higher than 1992, mainly due to costs associated
with corrective actions aimed at regulatory compliance at certain
manufacturing facilities, coupled with the inclusion of acquired
companies' results.  As a percentage of net sales, administrative
and general expense was 6.9% in both 1994 and 1993 and 6.7% in
1992.

Research and development expense totaled $456 million in 1994, 2
percent lower than $465 million in 1993, due to reduced spending
on selected pharmaceutical programs. In 1993, research and
development expense also fell 2 percent, reflecting the absence
of spending on the Novon specialty polymer business and more
focused R&D spending on selected pharmaceutical projects.  As a
percentage of net sales, research and development expense was
7.1% versus 8.0% in 1993 and 8.5% in 1992.  These decreases are
attributable to the reductions in R&D spending and the higher
percentage of company sales being generated by consumer health
care products (which require a lower level of R&D spending than
pharmaceutical products).  

Other expense (income), net of $6 million was $34 million
unfavorable compared to 1993, primarily due to higher interest
expense (resulting from increased debt levels from the company's
1993 and 1994 acquisitions and an increase in interest rates). 
For 1993, other expense (income), net of $(29) million was $2
million favorable compared to 1992, partially reflecting lower
financial expenses in Brazil due to improved cash flow.  

<PAGE>
With the commencement of the Warner Wellcome joint venture
operations in 1994, minority interests increased to $92 million.

Restructuring 
- -------------

In 1993, the company recorded a net restructuring charge of $525
million pretax ($360 million after tax or $2.67 per share), that
included a $70 million charge in the first quarter for the
disposition of the Novon specialty polymers business, a $13
million gain in October on the sale of the chocolate/caramel
business and a $468 million charge in the fourth quarter covering
the rationalization of manufacturing facilities, principally in
North America, including the eventual closing of seven plants,
and for organizational restructuring and related workforce
reductions of about 2,800 positions. The program was prompted by
the combined impact of rapid and profound changes in the
company's competitive environment. These changes included the
growing impact of managed health care and other cost-containment
efforts in the U.S., cost regulations in Europe and changes in
U.S. tax law.  During 1994, the company closed two manufacturing
sites (Carolina, Puerto Rico and Harbin, China) and reduced the
workforce by approximately 1,300 positions, primarily consisting
of U.S. sales force, Puerto Rico manufacturing and European
administrative positions.  The restructuring activities are
proceeding as planned and are expected to be substantially
completed by 1997.  (See Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements for the detailed provisions and subsequent utilization
of reserves).

In 1993 the company estimated that on completion of the 1993
restructuring actions it would generate average annual pretax
savings (compared with pre-restructuring spending levels)
of approximately $150 million by 1997. The company is unaware of
any event that would significantly change spending or anticipated
savings with respect to the 1993 restructuring actions. The
company will invest the savings in its core businesses to further
strengthen its overall competitive position and enhance its long-
term profitability.

A restructuring charge of $544 million pretax ($418 million after
tax or $3.11 per share) was included in 1991 results.  The pretax
charge included a provision for the worldwide rationalization of
manufacturing and distribution facilities to take advantage of
the elimination of trade barriers primarily in Europe, North
America and the Andean region, for a worldwide staff reduction
program of approximately 2,700 positions, including a voluntary
retirement incentive program, and for other issues.  As a result
of this program, the company has already closed twelve
manufacturing facilities, mainly in Europe and South America,
completed two additional partial facility rationalizations and
reduced the workforce by more than 1,800 positions, primarily
consisting of worldwide administrative, European and South
American manufacturing and European research positions.  The
restructuring activities are proceeding generally as planned and
are expected to be substantially completed by 1997.  The major
remaining planned action is a pharmaceutical manufacturing
rationalization program that includes the closing of several
additional facilities.


<PAGE>
[Sales per employee, presented in graphic format, were $134
thousand in 1990, $142 thousand in 1991, $159 thousand in 1992,
$159 thousand in 1993 and $179 thousand in 1994.]

In 1991 the company estimated that on completion of the 1991
restructuring actions it would generate approximately $1 billion
in cumulative pretax savings through 1998. The company is unaware
of any event that would significantly change spending or
anticipated savings with respect to the 1991 restructuring
actions. Similar to the savings resulting from the 1993
restructuring activity, the company will also invest these
savings in its core businesses to further strengthen its overall
competitive position and enhance its long-term profitability.

The company anticipates that the remaining spending for the 1993
and 1991 restructuring activities will be funded from cash
provided by operations.

Accounting Changes
- ------------------

The company adopted, effective January 1, 1993, Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes," which increased net income in 1993 by $63 million
or $.47 per share; and SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits," which decreased net income in 1993 by
$17 million ($27 million pretax) or $.13 per share.  

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Income Taxes
- ------------

                                    1994        1993       1992
                                    ----        ----       ----
<S>                                 <C>         <C>        <C>
Effective tax rate before
 accounting changes:
  As reported                       21.8%       10.5%      25.0%
  Excluding restructuring           
   and after minority interests     24.0%       23.5%      25.0% 
</TABLE>

The 1994 reported tax rate of 21.8 percent was higher than the
1993 reported tax rate of 10.5 percent principally due to the
effect of a 31.4 percent tax benefit rate associated with the
1993 restructuring actions.

The 1994 effective tax rate (calculated on income before taxes
less minority interests) was 24.0 percent.  The 1993 effective
tax rate, excluding the impact of accounting changes and the net
restructuring charge, was 23.5 percent.  The increase in the
company's tax rate was partially due to the tax consequences 
associated with research expense, including the comparison with
an unusually high effective tax rate benefit on research expense
in 1993 resulting from the August 1993 retroactive extension of
the U.S. research tax credit.  Another factor contributing to the
rise in the 1994 tax rate was the lowered tax benefit from
operations in Puerto Rico.  These increases were partially offset
by the company's ability to recognize additional deferred tax
assets.

<PAGE>
The 1993 effective tax rate of 23.5 percent, excluding the impact
of accounting changes and the net restructuring charge, was lower
than the 1992 effective tax rate of 25.0 percent largely due to
the August 1993 retroactive extension of the U.S. research tax
credit.

The company anticipates that its effective tax rate will increase
several percentage points in 1995 as a consequence of the 1995
phase-in of U.S. tax law changes enacted in 1993 and expected
changes in the company's global profit composition.   

Net Income
- ----------

Net income in 1994 was $694 million or $5.17 per share compared
to $331 million or $2.45 per share in 1993.  Excluding the 1993
net restructuring charge of $360 million or $2.67 per share and
the net impact of the accounting changes adopted in 1993 of $46
million or $.34 per share, 1994 net income and earnings per share
both increased 8 percent.  Net income in 1993 of $645 million,
excluding restructuring and accounting changes, was in line with
1992.  Earnings per share of $4.78 was unchanged from 1992,
principally due to the pharmaceutical segment, where regulatory
issues related to the company's pharmaceutical manufacturing had
a negative impact on both sales and profits.  

Inflation
- ---------

Inflation has not been a significant factor in Warner-Lambert's
business because of the modest rates of inflation in the U.S. and
the principal foreign countries in which the company maintains
operations.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources
- -------------------------------

Selected financial data presented below: 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                    1994        1993        1992
                                    ----        ----        ----
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Return on average shareholders' 
    equity:
  As reported                        43%         23%         48%
  Excluding restructuring and 
    accounting changes               43%         40%         48%
Return on average total assets:
  As reported                        13%          7%         17%
  Excluding restructuring and 
    accounting changes               13%         14%         17%  
                                        
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Cash and cash equivalents amounted to $218 million at December
31, 1994, a decrease of $223 million from December 31, 1993.  The
company also holds $401 million in short-term investments and
other nonequity securities (included in investments and other
assets) that do not qualify as cash equivalents, representing an
increase of $240 million since 1993.  Combined, cash and cash
equivalents,  short-term investments and other nonequity
securities increased $17 million compared to 1993.   Net debt
(total debt less cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments and other nonequity securities) of $841 million at
December 31, 1994 increased $243 million from $598 million at
December 31, 1993. This increase is primarily attributable to
spending related to the 1993 and 1991 restructuring activities
(including purchases of property, plant and equipment) and the
acquisition of businesses.  

At December 31, 1993, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $441
million, a decrease of $278 million from 1992.  Short-term
investments and other nonequity securities of $161 million at
December 31, 1993 were $66 million higher than 1992.  Combined, 
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other
nonequity securities declined $212 million.  Net debt of $598
million at December 31, 1993 changed from a net cash position of
$77 million at December 31, 1992. The change to a net debt
position is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of
businesses in 1993.  

Trade receivables days sales outstanding (DSO) increased to 47
days in 1994 compared to 45 days in 1993.  The increase was
primarily attributable to a higher proportion of international
sales, which traditionally have a higher DSO than the company
overall.  The inventory turnover rate decreased to 3.7 from the
previous year's 3.9, reflecting higher inventory levels in all
segments.

Expenditures for property, plant and equipment were $406 million
in 1994, $347 million in 1993 and $334 million in 1992.  Capital
spending commitments planned by the company over the next several
years include the consolidation and upgrading of manufacturing,
distribution and research facilities, and for organizational
restructuring in connection with the company's restructuring
plans announced in 1993 and 1991.  In 1994, the company announced
plans to make an initial capital investment of approximately $30
million during the next three years to establish a confectionery
and consumer health care products operation in the People's
Republic of China.  The company estimates that 1995 expenditures
for property, plant and equipment will be approximately $410
million.  

In June 1994, Warner-Lambert acquired Saila S.p.A., a privately
held confectionery company based in Italy.  The total purchase
price was approximately $66 million.  The company completed
several acquisitions and investments in 1993 for a total cash
consideration of $429 million (see Note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements). 

The company has unused available lines of credit from banks
totaling $1.0 billion.  The company's bond ratings by Standard
and Poor's Corporation (AA) and Moody's Investor Services (Aa3)
did not change during 1994.

<PAGE>
As of December 31, 1994, less than two million  shares of common
stock remain to be repurchased under current authorization from
the Board of Directors. 

Insurance
- ---------

Consistent with trends in the pharmaceutical industry, the
company self-insures, up to certain threshold amounts, against
certain types of risk. The company also has in place risk
management programs to minimize exposure to loss. Management
believes its overall risk management programs are adequate to
protect its assets and earnings against significant loss. 

Environment
- -----------

The company is involved in various environmental matters,
including actions initiated by the Environmental Protection
Agency. It is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome
of such matters or the total cost of remediation.  In
management's opinion, such proceedings will not result in a
material adverse effect on the company's financial position,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations for any year. (For
additional information see Note 19 to the consolidated financial
statements.)

Other
- -----

The devaluation of the Mexican peso in December of 1994 had no
effect on the company's 1994 results, since its Mexican
subsidiary is consolidated on the basis of a fiscal year ending
on November 30.  Although the devaluation will have an impact on
the company's 1995 results, management believes that such impact
will not be material.  Management also believes that the
company's geographic diversity minimizes exposure to currency
fluctuations resulting in one or more foreign countries.  

Shareholder Information
- -----------------------

Book value per share of common stock at year-end 1994 was $13.50
compared with $10.36 in 1993, which reflected the 1993
restructuring charge. 

Cash dividends paid in 1994 totaled $327 million. A dividend of
$.61 per share was paid in each quarter of 1994 for an annual
total of $2.44 per share. This was a 7 percent increase over the
prior year total of $2.28 per share, paid in four quarterly
dividends of $.57 per share during 1993.  In January 1995, the
Board of Directors approved a 7 percent increase in the quarterly
dividend rate to $.65 cents per share payable in the first
quarter of 1995. 

Dividends have been paid on Warner-Lambert's common stock since
its listing on the New York Stock Exchange in 1951.  Annual
dividend payments per share have increased for 43 consecutive
years.

<PAGE>
[Dividends per share, presented in graphic format, were $1.52 in
1990, $1.76 in 1991, $2.04 in 1992, $2.28 in 1993 and $2.44 in
1994.]

Warner-Lambert's common stock ticker symbol is WLA. The principal
market on which the stock is traded is the New York Stock
Exchange, but the stock is also listed and traded on the
following domestic and international stock exchanges: Chicago,
Pacific, London and Zurich. The average number of common shares
outstanding in 1994 and 1993 was 134,112,000 and 135,000,000,
respectively. Shareholders of record totaled approximately 43,000
as of December 31, 1994 and 46,000 as of December 31, 1993.  

The high and low prices for Warner-Lambert's common stock were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                         1994                    1993
                   -----------------      ------------------
                     High      Low          High       Low
                   -------   -------      -------    -------
<S>                  <C>      <C>           <C>        <C>
First quarter      $68 3/4   $60 1/4      $70 3/4    $59 3/4
Second quarter      72 1/2    60           76 3/8     67
Third quarter       86 3/4    64           71 3/4     62 1/2
Fourth quarter      82 1/4    73           72         63 3/8
</TABLE>

The 1994 year-end closing price of Warner-Lambert common stock
was $77 per share.



<PAGE>

                            Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                          Five-year Summary of Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    1994         1993          1992      1991         1990
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
<S>                               <C>           <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>
RESULTS FOR YEAR:
  Net sales                       $6,417       $5,794        $5,598    $5,059       $4,687
  Cost of goods sold               2,155        1,918         1,814     1,626        1,515
  Research and development 
    expense                          456          465           473       423          379
  Income before income taxes,
    minority interests and
    accounting changes             1,005          318 (a)       860       223 (c)      682
  Income before accounting 
    changes                          694          285 (a)       644       141 (c)      485
  Net income                         694          331 (a,b)     644        35 (c,d)    485
  Per common share:
    Income before accounting 
      changes                       5.17         2.11 (a)      4.78      1.05 (c)     3.61
    Net income                      5.17         2.45 (a,b)    4.78       .26 (c,d)   3.61
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR-END FINANCIAL POSITION:  
  Current assets                  $2,515       $2,219        $2,176    $1,844       $1,559
  Current liabilities              2,353        2,016         1,333     1,250        1,101
  Working capital                    162          203           843       594          458
  Property, plant and 
    equipment                      1,846        1,599         1,507     1,350        1,301
  Total assets                     5,533        4,828         4,077     3,602        3,261
  Long-term debt                     535          546           565       448          307
  Total debt                       1,460        1,199           736       576          537
  Shareholders' equity             1,816        1,390         1,528     1,171        1,402
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMON STOCK INFORMATION:
  Average number of common
    shares outstanding 
    (in millions)                  134.1        135.0         134.7     134.4        134.3
  Common stock price per share:   
      High                       $86 3/4      $76 3/8       $79 1/4   $82 1/4      $70 3/8
      Low                             60       59 3/4        58 3/8    61 3/4       49 5/8
      Year-end                        77       67 1/2        69 1/8    77 5/8       67 1/2
  Book value per common share      13.50        10.36         11.29      8.70        10.44
  Cash dividends per 
    common share                    2.44         2.28          2.04      1.76         1.52
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER DATA:
  Number of employees 
    (in thousands)                    36           35            34        34           34
  Capital expenditures           $   406      $   347       $   334   $   326      $   240
  Cash dividends paid                327          308           275       237          204
  Depreciation and amortization      181          170           156       135          120
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a)  Includes a net restructuring charge of $525 pretax ($360 after tax or $2.67 per
     share).
(b)  Includes a credit of $63 or $.47 per share for the adoption of SFAS No. 109,
     "Accounting for Income Taxes" and a charge of $17 after tax or $.13 per share to
     adopt SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits."
(c)  Includes a restructuring charge of $544 pretax ($418 after tax or $3.11 per share).
(d)  Includes a charge of $106 after tax or $.79 per share to adopt SFAS No. 106, 
     "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
Segment Information                                                        

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Industry Segments
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                             Research and     
                           Net Sales (1)          Operating Profit (3)    Development Expense
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        1994    1993    1992    1994    1993    1992     1994    1993     1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                (Millions of dollars)
<S>                    <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
Consumer Health Care  $2,970  $2,374  $2,129  $  714   $ 440   $ 460    $ (65)  $ (61)   $ (70)
Confectionery          1,368   1,306   1,189     264     201     227      (23)    (22)     (20) 
Pharmaceutical         2,079   2,114   2,280     716     384     843     (368)   (382)    (383)
                                                                      -------------------------
Research and develop-
  ment expense                                  (456)   (465)   (473)   $(456)  $(465)   $(473) 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales and 
  operating profit    $6,417  $5,794  $5,598   1,238     560   1,057
- --------------------------------------------
Corporate expense (2)                           (233)   (242)   (197)
- ---------------------                         ----------------------
Income before income 
taxes, minority   
interests and       
accounting changes                            $1,005   $ 318  $  860
- ---------------------                         ----------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Depreciation and
                        Identifiable Assets         Amortization         Capital Expenditures
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1994     1993    1992    1994    1993    1992    1994    1993      1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                (Millions of dollars)
<S>                   <C>      <C>     <C>       <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>       <C>
Consumer Health Care $1,837   $1,491  $1,088    $ 61    $ 61    $ 53    $129    $115      $109
Confectionery           872      680     620      31      29      26      83      60        54 
Pharmaceutical        1,991    1,769   1,476      80      72      67     183     160       151
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Subtotal           4,700    3,940   3,184     172     162     146     395     335       314
Corporate               833      888     893       9       8      10      11      12        20
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total             $5,533   $4,828  $4,077    $181    $170    $156    $406    $347      $334
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Geographic Areas
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           Net Sales (1)          Operating Profit (3)   Identifiable Assets
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1994     1993    1992    1994    1993    1992     1994    1993    1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                (Millions of dollars)
<S>                   <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>
United States        $2,954   $2,747  $2,814  $  844  $  441  $  871   $1,915  $1,705  $1,616
Europe, Middle East
  and Africa          1,618    1,390   1,339     428     231     322    1,649   1,305     826
Americas and Far 
  East                1,845    1,657   1,445     422     353     337    1,136     930     742
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Subtotal           6,417    5,794   5,598   1,694   1,025   1,530    4,700   3,940   3,184
Research and develop-
  ment expense                                  (456)   (465)   (473)   
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total             $6,417   $5,794  $5,598  $1,238  $  560  $1,057   $4,700  $3,940  $3,184
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Export sales, intersegment sales and intergeographic area sales were not material.  
(2) Corporate expense included general corporate income and expense, corporate investment       
    income, interest expense and net foreign currency adjustments.
(3) Operating profit by industry segments and geographic areas included restructuring           
    charges (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements) as follows:
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Restructuring
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 Industry Segments                                             Geographic Areas
- ----------------------------------                         ------------------------------------
                              1993                                                         1993
- ----------------------------------                         ------------------------------------
             (Millions of dollars)                                        (Millions of dollars)
<S>                           <C>                           <C>                           <C>
Consumer Health Care        $(105)                         United States                 $(314)
Confectionery                 (46)                         Europe, Middle East
Pharmaceutical               (314)                           and Africa                   (119)
- ----------------------------------                         Americas and Far East           (32)
  Operating loss             (465)                         ------------------------------------
Corporate expense             (60)                           Operating loss              $(465)
- ----------------------------------                         ------------------------------------ 
Loss before 
    income taxes            $(525)
- ----------------------------------
</TABLE>
                                                       

<PAGE>
                Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                   Consolidated Statements of Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                 1994        1993        1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                           (Millions of dollars, 
                                         except per share amounts)
                                                                       
<S>                                    <C>        <C>          <C>
Net sales                            $6,416.8    $5,793.7    $5,597.6
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Costs and expenses:
   Cost of goods sold                 2,155.1     1,918.1     1,814.3
   Marketing                          2,351.0     2,196.5     2,099.1
   Administrative and general           443.6       399.6       377.4
   Research and development             456.0       464.9       473.5
   Other expense (income), net            5.8       (28.6)      (26.5)
   Restructuring                            -       525.2           - 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total costs and expenses       5,411.5     5,475.7     4,737.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before income taxes, minority
   interests and accounting changes   1,005.3       318.0       859.8
   Provision for income taxes           219.1        33.5       214.5
   Minority interests                    92.2         (.5)        1.6 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before accounting changes        694.0       285.0       643.7
   Accounting changes (net of tax)          -        46.0           -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                           $  694.0    $  331.0    $  643.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Per common share:       
   Income before accounting changes  $   5.17    $   2.11    $   4.78
   Accounting changes                       -         .34           -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net income                        $   5.17    $   2.45    $   4.78
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------

              Consolidated Statements of Retained Earnings

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                 1994        1993        1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                            (Millions of dollars, 
                                          except per share amounts)
                                                                       
Retained earnings at beginning 
    of year                          $2,287.7    $2,264.6    $1,895.7
   Net income                           694.0       331.0       643.7
   Cash dividends paid
    on common shares                   (327.2)     (307.9)     (274.8)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Retained earnings at end of year     $2,654.5    $2,287.7    $2,264.6
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Cash dividends per common share      $   2.44    $   2.28    $   2.04
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.            

<PAGE>
                Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                      Consolidated Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                         1994        1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 (Millions of dollars)
<S>                                                <C>         <C>
Assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                   $  217.9    $  440.5
     Short-term investments                         247.2        61.2
     Receivables, less allowances of 
       $21.8 in 1994 and $20.5 in 1993            1,096.0       890.8
     Inventories                                    636.2       476.5
     Prepaid expenses and other current 
       assets                                       318.0       349.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total current assets                  2,515.3     2,218.7

     Investments and other assets                   557.6       487.4
     Equity investments in 
       affiliated companies                         234.2       208.6
     Property, plant and equipment                1,846.0     1,599.3
     Intangible assets                              379.7       314.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $5,532.8    $4,828.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                           
Liabilities and shareholders' equity:
     Short-term debt                             $  925.1    $  652.8
     Accounts payable, trade                        517.7       427.1
     Accrued compensation                           150.6       141.2
     Other current liabilities                      601.8       614.5
     Federal, state and foreign income taxes        158.2       180.3
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total current liabilities             2,353.4     2,015.9

     Long-term debt                                 535.2       546.2
     Deferred income taxes                           88.0        69.2
     Other noncurrent liabilities                   718.5       798.6
     Minority interests                              21.3         8.6

     Shareholders' equity:
       Preferred stock - none issued                    -           -
       Common stock - 160,330,268 shares 
         issued                                     160.3       160.3
       Capital in excess of par value               152.2       120.1
       Retained earnings                          2,654.5     2,287.7
       Cumulative translation adjustments          (181.0)     (224.8)
       Treasury stock, at cost:
         1994 - 25,734,568 shares; 
         1993 - 26,190,513 shares                  (969.6)     (953.7)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
            Total shareholders' equity            1,816.4     1,389.6
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $5,532.8    $4,828.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.                    

<PAGE>
                   Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
                    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                         1994    1993    1992 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                (Millions of dollars)
<S>                                            <C>     <C>     <C>
Operating Activities:
  Net income                                  $ 694.0 $ 331.0 $ 643.7
  Adjustments to reconcile 
    net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization             181.4   170.4   155.6
      Minority interests                         92.2     (.5)    1.6
      Restructuring                                 -   525.2       -  
      Accounting changes (net of tax)               -   (46.0)      -  
      Deferred income taxes                      44.3  (129.6)    5.6
      Changes in assets and liabilities,
        net of effects from acquisitions/
        dispositions of businesses:
          Receivables                          (167.9) (134.1) (172.6) 
          Inventories                          (140.6)  (70.3)  (19.8)
          Accounts payable and accrued 
            liabilities                         (77.5)  (79.2)   24.6
      Pension contributions                     (22.1) (100.0)  (18.5) 
      Other items, net                           41.2     (.2)   16.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash provided by operating 
        activities                              645.0   466.7   636.6
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Investing Activities:
  Purchases of investments                     (656.1) (236.5)  (76.0)
  Proceeds from sales of investments            415.7   166.2    56.6
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment   (406.4) (347.1) (334.3)
  Acquisitions of businesses                    (66.3) (429.0)      -  
  Proceeds from dispositions of businesses          -    83.4       -  
  Other                                          13.2     4.4    18.2 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash used by investing activities    (699.9) (758.6) (335.5)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities:
  Proceeds from borrowings                      762.7   627.6   332.8 
  Principal payments on borrowings             (527.6) (192.1) (161.9)
  Purchases of treasury stock                   (41.7) (112.4)  (22.8)
  Cash dividends paid                          (327.2) (307.9) (274.8)
  Distributions paid to minority interests      (79.4)    (.5)    (.2)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options        43.1    14.5    22.7 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net cash (used) provided by  
        financing activities                   (170.1)   29.2  (104.2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on 
   cash and cash equivalents                      2.4   (15.2)  (14.2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and 
   cash equivalents                            (222.6) (277.9)  182.7 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
   of year                                      440.5   718.4   535.7 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year      $ 217.9 $ 440.5 $ 718.4 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
See notes to consolidated financial statements.




<PAGE>
           Warner-Lambert Company and Subsidiaries
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies:

Basis of consolidation - The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Warner-Lambert Company and all controlled,
majority-owned subsidiaries ("Warner-Lambert" or the "company"). 
Substantially all foreign subsidiaries and branches are consolidated
on the basis of fiscal years ending on November 30.  Investments in
companies in which Warner-Lambert's interest is between 20 percent and
50 percent are accounted for using the equity method.  Certain prior
year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year
presentation.

Cash equivalents - Cash equivalents include nonequity short-term
investments with original maturity dates of 90 days or less. 

Inventories - Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. 
Cost is determined principally on the basis of first-in, first-out or
standards which approximate average cost.

Property, plant and equipment - Property, plant and equipment are
recorded at cost.  The cost of maintenance, repairs, minor renewals
and betterments and minor equipment items is charged to income; the
cost of major renewals and betterments is capitalized.  Depreciation
is calculated generally on the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the various classes of assets.

Intangible assets - Intangible assets are recorded at cost and are
amortized on the straight-line method over appropriate periods not
exceeding 40 years.

Advertising costs - Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and
amounted to $601.3 in 1994, $598.4 in 1993 and $591.4 in 1992.

Income taxes - Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.
109 was adopted effective January 1, 1993.  Under SFAS No. 109,
deferred taxes are based on temporary differences between assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and for tax purposes. 
Deferred taxes are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to
apply when temporary differences are settled or are realized.  Prior
to 1993, deferred taxes were computed based on Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 11.

Net income per share - Net income per share is computed based on the
average number of common shares outstanding during the year.  The
dilutive effect of common stock equivalents is immaterial.  The
average number of shares used in the determination of net income per
share was 134,112,000 in 1994, 135,000,000 in 1993 and 134,717,000 in
1992.  

                                                  
<PAGE>
Note 2 - Interest Income and Interest Expense:

Interest income and interest expense are included in other expense
(income), net.  Interest income totaled $49.7, $39.7 and $53.1 and
interest expense totaled $93.7, $64.2 and $80.8 in 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  Total interest paid was $86.2, $65.4 and $78.4 in
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Interest costs of $9.4, $8.6 and
$8.1 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, have been capitalized and
included in property, plant and equipment.


<PAGE>
Note 3 - Restructuring:

In 1993 and 1991, the company recorded restructuring charges of $525.2
($360.4 after tax or $2.67 per share) and $544.0 ($418.0 after tax or
$3.11 per share), respectively, for the worldwide rationalization of
manufacturing and distribution facilities and for organizational
restructuring.  Details of individual provisions are as follows:

In the first quarter of 1993, the company recorded a one-time charge
of $70.0 relating to the disposition of its Novon Products Group.  The
charge included $26.0 for the write-down of property, plant and
equipment to its net realizable value and $44.0 for operating losses
and other expenses anticipated to be incurred during the phase-out
period.  In November 1993, the company discontinued the operations of
the Novon Products Group.

In October 1993, Warner-Lambert sold the assets of its
chocolate/caramel business in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Chicago-
based Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc. for approximately $82.0, resulting
in a pre-tax gain of $13.1.  The sale included the Junior'r' Mints, Sugar
Daddy'r', Sugar Babies'r', Charleston Chew!'r' and Pom Poms'r' product
lines.

In November 1993, a restructuring charge of $468.3 was recorded for
the rationalization of manufacturing facilities, principally in North
America, including the eventual closing of seven plants, and for
organizational restructuring and related workforce reductions of about
2,800 positions.  The program was prompted by the combined impact of
rapid and profound changes in the company's competitive environment,
including the growing impact of managed health care and other cost
containment efforts in the U.S., cost regulations in Europe and
changes in U.S. tax law.  During 1994, two manufacturing sites were
closed (Carolina, Puerto Rico and Harbin, China) and workforce
reductions of approximately 1,300 positions have been made, primarily
consisting of U.S. sales force, Puerto Rico manufacturing and European
administrative positions.  

In the fourth quarter of 1991, a restructuring charge of $544.0 was
recorded primarily for the rationalization of manufacturing and
distribution facilities to take advantage of the elimination of trade
barriers, primarily in Europe, North America and the Andean Region,
and for a worldwide staff reduction program, including a voluntary
retirement incentive program, resulting in a planned workforce
reduction of approximately 2,700 positions.  As of December 31, 1994,
the company has closed 12 manufacturing facilities, mainly in Europe
and South America, completed two partial facility rationalizations and
reduced the workforce by more than 1,800 positions, primarily
consisting of worldwide administrative, European and South American
manufacturing and European research positions.  Major activities still
to be completed include the closing of several additional facilities
as part of a pharmaceutical manufacturing rationalization program.


<PAGE>
Initial 1993 and 1991 provisions and the subsequent utilization by
major components are summarized in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Amounts     Reserve
                                  1993 & 1991    Utilized   Balance at
                                 Restructuring    Through    December 
                                   Provisions      1994      31, 1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>         <C>
Severance and related costs        $  468.0       $234.6      $233.4

Plant closures and related costs      161.5         82.7        78.8

Work-systems redesign                  71.5          9.0        62.5

Operating losses during                35.3         35.3           -
  phase-out period

Other                                 107.3         79.3        28.0 

Asset write-offs                      225.6        225.6           -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                        $1,069.2       $666.5      $402.7
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The company records restructuring charges based on available
information at the time the decision is made and approval is received
to proceed with the plan.  Reserves are considered utilized when
specific restructuring criteria are completed or benefits paid.  The
company continues to expense normal operating costs against current
operations while production is being phased out of facilities to be
closed.  There were no material realignments of reserves by major
category from amounts estimated in the original restructuring plans.

As of December 31, 1994, other current liabilities included $146.2 and
other noncurrent liabilities included $256.5 of the remaining
restructuring reserve balance to be utilized.  Restructuring
provisions include pharmaceutical manufacturing rationalizations,
which include extensive product relocations requiring regulatory site
and process approvals.  The product relocations are being phased in
with the related approval processes anticipated to take a minimum of
two years each.  The company has determined that the restructuring
reserve balance is adequate to cover the remaining restructuring
actions, which are anticipated to be substantially completed by 1997.

                                             

<PAGE>
Note 4 - Investments, Acquisitions and Alliances:

In June 1994, Warner-Lambert acquired Saila S.p.A., a privately held
confectionery company based in Italy.  

In January 1993, Warner-Lambert purchased a 34 percent equity interest
in Jouveinal S.A., a French pharmaceutical company, and entered into a
license option agreement which grants Warner-Lambert the right of
first refusal to license future Jouveinal products outside of France,
Canada and French-speaking Africa.  Warner-Lambert also acquired the
remaining 51 percent interest in a previously formed Italian
confectionery joint venture.  Total consideration approximated $225
for these transactions.
  
In March 1993, Warner-Lambert acquired the European, U.S. and Canadian
operations of WILKINSON SWORD, an international manufacturer and
marketer of razors and blades, for approximately $145 including debt
assumed.

In July 1993, Warner-Lambert acquired the assets of the consumer
health products business of Fisons plc in Australia and New Zealand
for $23.  The Fisons operations include the ROSKEN line of therapeutic
skin care products.  

In September 1993, two acquisitions were completed.  Warner-Lambert
acquired Willinger Bros., Inc., a manufacturer of aquarium products
marketed under the WHISPER and SECONDNATURE trademarks.  In addition,
Warner-Lambert acquired CACHOU LAJAUNIE, a French manufacturer of
breath freshening confectioneries.  Total consideration, including
debt assumed for these acquisitions, approximated $67.

Cash consideration, excluding cash acquired and debt assumed, for the
above acquisitions approximated $66 in 1994 and $429 in 1993.  Except
for the equity investment in Jouveinal, the above acquisitions have
been accounted for under the purchase method and accordingly, the net
assets and results of operations have been included in the
consolidated financial statements since the dates of acquisition.  The
excess of purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net
tangible and intangible assets acquired has been treated as goodwill. 
The pro forma full-year effect of the above acquisitions on
consolidated earnings would not have been material in the respective
years of acquisitions.

In December 1993, Warner-Lambert signed separate agreements with Glaxo
Holdings plc ("Glaxo") and Wellcome plc ("Wellcome") governing the
establishment of joint ventures in various countries to develop and
market nonprescription consumer health care products.  

                                                  

<PAGE>
Warner-Lambert established the first of these joint ventures in the
U.S. with Glaxo, whereby the two parties have formed Glaxo Warner-
Lambert OTC G.P.  The joint venture will develop, seek approval of and
market over-the-counter (OTC) versions of Glaxo prescription drugs in
the U.S., including ZANTAC, a prescription ulcer treatment product. 
Additional joint ventures are expected to be formed in other major
markets outside the U.S., excluding Japan.  Development costs, profits
and losses and voting control will be shared equally.  Glaxo will
receive a royalty on sales of OTC versions of Glaxo prescription drugs
by the joint ventures.  Warner-Lambert uses the equity method of
accounting to record its share of profits and losses.

Warner-Lambert and Wellcome formed a joint venture to develop and
market nonprescription consumer health care products pursuant to a
global principles agreement.  The U.S. and Canadian joint venture
operations commenced in January 1994.  Joint venture operations in
Australia, New Zealand and certain countries in Europe became
operational during 1994.  The alliance calls for both companies to
contribute OTC products, excluding HALLS and ROLAIDS, to the joint
venture.  After a two-year phase-in period following establishment of
the U.S. Warner Wellcome joint venture, Warner-Lambert and Wellcome,
respectively, will receive approximately 70 percent and 30 percent of
the profits generated in the U.S. on current products, excluding
ZOVIRAX.  Future OTC switch products will be subject to a profit split
favoring the innovator.  Warner-Lambert has voting control and has
consolidated the financial results of the joint venture, reflecting
Wellcome's share as minority interest.  Warner-Lambert's consolidated
net sales included products contributed by Wellcome of approximately
$320 for 1994.  

In the U.S., Warner-Lambert assigned its interest in the Glaxo Warner-
Lambert joint venture to the U.S. Warner Wellcome joint venture. 
Warner Wellcome and Glaxo will share development costs and profits
equally, with Wellcome receiving ten percent of Warner Wellcome's
share of the U.S. joint venture's profits.  




                                                  

<PAGE>
Note 5 - International Operations:

In translating foreign currency financial statements, local currencies
of foreign subsidiaries and branches have generally been determined to
be the functional currencies, except for those in hyperinflationary
economies (principally Brazil and Venezuela).  Net aggregate exchange
losses (gains) resulting from foreign currency transactions and
translation adjustments related to subsidiaries operating in highly
inflationary countries amounted to $15.3, $9.8 and $(1.1) in 1994,
1993 and 1992, respectively.










                                                  

<PAGE>
Note 6 - Inventories:
                                                                       
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                      1994          1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>           <C>
Raw materials                                   $112.3        $ 88.6
Finishing supplies                                54.2          38.6
Goods in process                                  93.2          79.3
Finished goods                                   376.5         270.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                $636.2        $476.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                                  

<PAGE>
Note 7 - Property, Plant and Equipment:
                                                           
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                     1994            1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>            <C>
Land                                        $    34.7       $    33.8
Buildings                                     1,016.1           915.0
Machinery, furniture and fixtures             2,116.8         1,885.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              3,167.6         2,834.2
Less accumulated depreciation                (1,321.6)       (1,234.9)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            $ 1,846.0       $ 1,599.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

Depreciation expense totaled $168.9, $159.0 and $148.7 in 1994, 1993
and 1992, respectively.

                                                  

<PAGE>
Note 8 - Intangible Assets:
                                      
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                         1994       1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>         <C>
Purchased patents, trademarks and other 
  intangibles                                      $236.7     $179.9
Goodwill                                            205.3      181.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    442.0      361.4
Less accumulated amortization                       (62.3)     (47.3)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   $379.7     $314.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The increase in purchased patents, trademarks and other intangibles
was primarily attributable to the acquisition of Saila S.p.A.
discussed in Note 4.

Amortization expense totaled $12.5, $11.4 and $6.9 in 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  



<PAGE>
Note 9 - Debt:
         

The components of short-term debt were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                        1994         1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>
Commercial paper                                  $641.4       $507.5
Notes payable - bank and other                     250.6        123.5
Current portion of long-term debt                   33.1         21.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  $925.1       $652.8
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The weighted average interest rate was 6.3 percent and 4.6 percent for
commercial paper and notes payable outstanding at December 31, 1994
and 1993, respectively.  The company has lines of credit arrangements
with numerous banks with interest rates generally equal to the prime
rate for domestic banks and the best prevailing rate for foreign
banks.  At December 31, 1994, worldwide unused short-term lines of
credit amounted to $1.0 billion.

The components of long-term debt were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                        1994         1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>
6 5/8% notes due 2002                             $199.6       $199.6
8% notes due 1998                                  150.0        150.0
8 1/8% notes due 1996                              100.0        100.0
Industrial revenue bonds due 2014                   24.6         24.7
Other                                               61.0         71.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                  $535.2       $546.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The industrial revenue bonds due 2014 have a stated interest rate of
7.6 percent and an effective interest rate of 7.2 percent.  

The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at December 31,
1994, payable in each of the years 1996 through 1999, are $116.3,
$6.3, $165.4 and $2.5, respectively.

The company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to reduce
its interest expense on long-term debt, see Note 10.



<PAGE>
Note 10 - Financial Instruments:


The estimated fair values of financial instruments were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                      1994                    1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Carrying         Fair    Carrying        Fair
(  ) = Liability          Amount        Value      Amount       Value
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>
Investment securities    $ 482.8      $ 479.2     $ 341.5     $ 345.8
Long-term debt            (535.2)      (513.8)     (546.2)     (575.9)
Interest rate swaps           .3        (17.3)        5.1         8.8
Foreign exchange contracts    .1        (19.2)          -       (16.1)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Investment securities and long-term debt are valued at quoted market
prices for similar instruments.  The fair values of the remaining
financial instruments in the above table are based on dealer quotes
and reflect the estimated amounts that the company would pay or
receive to terminate the contracts.  The carrying values of all other
financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets approximate
fair values.  

The company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective January
1, 1994.  Adoption of SFAS No. 115 had no impact on earnings since all
nonequity securities are categorized as "held-to-maturity" and,
accordingly, continue to be carried at amortized cost.  At December
31, 1994 and 1993, respectively, gross unrealized gains were $.4 and
$4.3.  Gross unrealized losses were $4.0 at December 31, 1994.  The
investment securities portfolio was comprised of negotiable
certificates of deposit, Puerto Rico government bonds, guaranteed
collateralized mortgage obligations and Ginnie Mae certificates,
repurchase agreements and short-term U.S. dollar-linked Mexican
government bonds.  Equity securities, categorized as "available-for-
sale," were immaterial.  

The investment securities (mentioned above) were reported in the
following balance sheet categories:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                             1994                  1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>                   <C>
Cash and cash equivalents              $ 74.6                $173.1
Short-term investments                  247.2                  61.2
Investments and other assets            161.0                 107.2
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $482.8                $341.5
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

As of December 31, 1994, the long-term investments of $161.0 included
$71.2 of interest-bearing, mortgage-backed securities maturing beyond
ten years.


<PAGE>
Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to
concentrations of credit risk are trade receivables and interest-
bearing investments.  The company sells a broad range of products in
the consumer health care, confectionery and pharmaceutical businesses
worldwide. Due to the large number and diversity of the company's
customer base, concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade
receivables are limited.  The company does not normally require
collateral.  The company places substantially all of its interest-
bearing investments in high-quality liquid instruments, such as
certificates of deposit issued by major banks or securities issued or
guaranteed by the U.S. or other governments and limits the amount of
credit exposure to any one issuer.

The company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading
purposes nor is it a party to leveraged derivatives.  The company uses
derivatives, particularly interest rate swaps and forward or purchased
option foreign exchange contracts, that are relatively straightforward
and involve little complexity as hedge instruments to manage interest
rate and foreign currency risk.

The counterparties to the company's derivatives consist of major
international financial institutions.  Because of the number of these
institutions and their high credit ratings, management believes
derivatives do not present significant credit risk to the company. 

The following table summarizes interest rate swap agreements:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------
    Notional Amounts                 Weighted     
    ---------------                  Average       Weighted Average
      December 31,                    Fixed       Floating Pay Rate
    ---------------     Maturity     Receive      -----------------
    1994       1993       Date         Rate         1994      1993
    ----       ----       ----       --------       ----      ----
<S>             <C>       <C>          <C>          <C>       <C>
    $250       $250       1996         8.1%         7.7%      5.5%
     200        200       2002         6.6          5.1       3.8
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Interest rate swap agreements effectively convert fixed rates on long-
term debt to floating rates.  Interest to be paid or received is
accrued over the life of the agreements as an adjustment to interest
expense.  The company's intent is to reduce overall interest expense
while maintaining an acceptable level of risk to interest rate
fluctuations.  As a result of these swap agreements, interest expense
was reduced by $3.7, $12.4 and $1.5 in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  The impact of a 100 basis point change in market
interest rates would change annual net income by approximately $3.4. 
The swap agreements specifically hedge $450 of long-term notes which
are disclosed in Note 9.  As market interest rates fluctuate, the
unrealized gain or loss on the swap portfolio moves in an inverse
relationship to the fair value of the underlying debt.  The company
had an unrealized loss on the interest rate swap portfolio of $17.6 as
of December 31, 1994 and an unrealized gain of $3.7 as of December 31,
1993.   


<PAGE>
The company's foreign exchange risk management objectives are to
stabilize cash flows and reported income from the effects of foreign
currency fluctuations.  Extensive international business activities
result in a variety of foreign currency exposures including foreign
currency denominated assets and liabilities, firm commitments,
anticipated intercompany sales and purchases of goods and services,
dividend and royalty remittances and anticipated net income of foreign
affiliates, which is hedged on an intra-quarter basis.  The company's
strategy in managing these currency risks is to selectively hedge
exposures by entering into forward or purchased option foreign
exchange contracts for periods of up to two years.  The company
believes the risks associated with its unhedged exposures are not
significant.

Gains and losses related to effective hedges, including hedges of
anticipated transactions, are recognized in income as part of, and
concurrent with, the hedged transaction.

The table below summarizes the contractual amounts of forward or
purchased option foreign exchange contracts:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Contractual Amounts
                                                -------------------  
                                                    December 31,
     Currency                 Currency          -------------------
       Sold                   Purchased           1994         1993 
   ------------              -------------      ------       ------
<S>                             <C>              <C>          <C>
   Japanese yen              U.S. dollars       $112.9       $167.8
   U.S. dollars              British pounds       34.3         69.4
   French francs             U.S. dollars         10.0         18.5
   German marks              U.S. dollars            -         81.2
   Other                     Other                 6.9         11.3
</TABLE>

The cash flows associated with derivative financial instruments are
classified as operating in the consolidated statements of cash flows.


<PAGE>
Note 11 - Leases:

The company rents various facilities and equipment.  Rental costs
charged to income under all operating leases totaled $78.5, $76.3 and
$70.1 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

The future minimum rental commitments under noncancellable capital and
operating leases at December 31, 1994 are summarized below:
                                                                       
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                             Capital        Operating
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>             <C>
1995                                         $  4.8          $ 27.2
1996                                            4.2            20.4
1997                                            3.8            13.2
1998                                            3.1            10.6
1999                                            3.1             9.5
Remaining years                                21.1            91.6
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Total minimum lease payments                   40.1           172.5
Less minimum sublease income                    (.2)          (29.9)
                                               ---------------------
Net minimum lease payments                     39.9          $142.6
                                                             -------
Less amount representing interest             (15.8)
- -----------------------------------------------------
Present value of minimum lease payments      $ 24.1
- -----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
Property, plant and equipment included capitalized leases of $34.4,
less accumulated depreciation of $13.0, at December 31, 1994 and
$33.0, less accumulated depreciation of $11.7, at December 31, 1993. 
Long-term debt included capitalized lease obligations of $21.9 and
$22.3 at those respective dates.



<PAGE>
Note 12 - Pensions:

The company has various noncontributory pension plans covering
substantially all of its employees in the U.S.  Benefits covering most
employees are based on years of service and average compensation
during the last years of employment.  Current policy is to fund these
plans in an amount that ranges from the minimum contribution required
by ERISA to the maximum tax deductible contribution.  Certain foreign
subsidiaries also have various plans,  which are funded in accordance
with the statutory requirements of the particular countries.  

Pension costs for the plans included the following components:
                
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                  1994        1993       1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>         <C>
Service cost - benefits earned 
  during the year                      $  50.9     $  44.9    $  42.0
Interest cost on projected 
  benefit obligation                     134.3       130.1      122.6
Return on assets                         (24.2)     (199.2)    (127.2)
Net amortization and deferral           (124.5)       59.4       (5.5)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension expense                    $  36.5     $  35.2    $  31.9
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Net pension expense attributable to foreign plans and included in the
above was $21.4, $17.9 and $18.2 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

The 1993 restructuring charge, discussed in Note 3, included a $4.6
curtailment loss representing a decrease in unrecognized prior service
costs resulting from a reduction in domestic plan participants.


<PAGE>
The plans' funded status at December 31 was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                        Plans in Which
                                  Plans in               Accumulated
                             Which Assets Exceed          Benefits   
                             Accumulated Benefits       Exceed Assets
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                               1994       1993        1994       1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>         <C>         <C>       <C>
Plan assets at fair value  $1,583.9   $1,605.9    $   70.5    $  80.6
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Actuarial present value of
  accumulated benefit 
  obligation:
    Vested                  1,421.5    1,464.9       140.3      141.6
    Nonvested                  45.4       30.3         9.4       10.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                            1,466.9    1,495.2       149.7      152.0

Estimated future 
  salary increases            138.5      171.5        27.6       35.7
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit 
  obligation                1,605.4    1,666.7       177.3      187.7
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Excess of projected
  benefit obligation over
  plan assets                 (21.5)     (60.8)     (106.8)    (107.1)
Unrecognized net 
   (asset) obligation         (22.0)     (38.1)        7.2        7.8
Unrecognized prior  
  service cost                 36.2       41.8         2.7        3.0
Unrecognized net 
  actuarial loss              150.8      208.5        21.5       28.7
Minimum liability
  adjustment                      -          -       (18.6)     (19.0)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension asset 
  (liability) included 
  in consolidated 
  balance sheets           $  143.5   $  151.4    $  (94.0)   $ (86.6)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Plan assets are composed primarily of investments in equities and
bonds.

Foreign plan assets at fair value included in the preceding table were
$570.1 in 1994 and $524.1 in 1993.  The foreign plan projected benefit
obligation was $596.4 in 1994 and $536.2 in 1993.


<PAGE>
The assumptions for the U.S. plans were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Years Ended December 31,                  1994       1993        1992  
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>         <C>
Expected long-term rate of 
  return on plan assets                   10.5%      10.5%       10.5%
Expected increase in 
  salary levels                            4.0        4.0         5.0 
Weighted average discount 
  rate                                     8.8        7.5         8.8 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Assumptions for foreign plans did not vary significantly from the U.S.
plans.
                    

<PAGE>
Note 13 - Postemployment Benefits:

The company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 112, "Employers'
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," effective January 1, 1993. 
This accounting change resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment
which decreased net income upon adoption by $17.0 ($27.0 pretax) or
$.13 per share.  SFAS No. 112 requires employers to recognize an
obligation for postemployment benefits to former or inactive employees
after employment but before retirement.  This one-time charge
primarily represented the present value of medical and life insurance
costs for employees receiving long-term disability benefits.  

<PAGE>
Note 14 - Other Postretirement Benefits:

The company provides other postretirement benefits, primarily health
insurance, for domestic employees who retired prior to January 1, 1992
and their dependents.  Although the plans are currently
noncontributory, the company has implemented a cap which limits future
contributions for medical and dental coverage under these plans.  The
company is generally self-insured for these costs and the plans are
funded on a pay-as-you-go basis.  Domestic employees retiring after
December 31, 1991 will receive additional pension benefits based on
years of service in lieu of these benefits.

The annual cost of providing other postretirement benefits for
domestic retirees amounted to $15.0, $14.0 and $13.4 in 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  These amounts primarily represent the accrual of
interest on the present value obligation.  

A reconciliation from the plans' benefit obligation to the liabilities
recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of the latest
actuarial valuations was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
December 31,                                 1994          1993   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                         <C>           <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit 
   obligation                              $179.3        $180.2
Unrecognized prior service cost               1.8           2.0
Unrecognized net actuarial loss             (49.4)        (45.9)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Accrued postretirement benefit cost 
   recognized in the consolidated 
   balance sheets                          $131.7        $136.3
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
</TABLE>
                                                                       
The health care cost trend rate used to develop the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation for those retirees under age 65 was  
12.3 percent in 1994 declining to 6 percent over 12 years.  For those
65 and over, a rate of 8 percent was used in 1994 declining to 6
percent over 7 years.  A one percentage point increase in the health
care cost trend rate in each year would increase the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1994 by $5.8 and
the interest cost component of the postretirement benefit cost for
1994 by $.5.  The weighted average discount rate used to develop the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 8.8 percent, 7.5
percent and 8.8 percent for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

Other postretirement benefit costs for foreign plans expensed under
the cash method in 1994, 1993 and 1992 were not material.


<PAGE>
Note 15 - Income Taxes:

Effective January 1, 1993, the company changed its method of
accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the liability
method required by SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  This
accounting change resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment which
increased net income upon adoption by $63.0 or $.47 per share.   

The components of income before income taxes, minority interests and 
accounting changes were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
Years Ended December 31,                      1994      1993     1992 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                         <C>        <C>      <C>
U.S. and Puerto Rico                      $  469.2    $ 15.8   $473.6
Foreign                                      536.1     302.2    386.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                          $1,005.3    $318.0   $859.8
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>
The 1993 income before income taxes and accounting changes included a
restructuring charge of $374.6 for U.S. and Puerto Rico and $150.6 for
foreign, see Note 3.

The provision for income taxes consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Liability Liability Deferred
                                            Method    Method   Method
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
Years Ended December 31,                      1994      1993     1992 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                         <C>       <C>       <C>
Current:
   Federal                                  $ 22.7   $  22.0   $ 54.2
   Foreign                                   143.4     123.4    127.3
   State and Puerto Rico                       8.7      17.7     27.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                             174.8     163.1    208.9
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Deferred:
   Federal                                    38.0     (95.0)   (14.5)
   Foreign                                      .8     (19.6)    14.4
   State and Puerto Rico                       5.5     (15.0)     5.7
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                              44.3    (129.6)     5.6
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Provision for income taxes                  $219.1   $  33.5   $214.5
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

The principal timing difference included in the deferred tax provision
for 1992 was $26.7 related to the 1991 restructuring actions.

Taxes credited to shareholders' equity for employee benefit plans were
$11.9 and $4.3 for years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

The tax effects of significant temporary differences which comprise
the deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                       1994                   1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Assets  Liabilities    Assets  Liabilities
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>
Restructuring reserves     $196.3       $    -    $ 287.9      $    -
Compensation/benefits        64.2            -       61.3           -
Postretirement/post- 
  employment obligations     62.1            -       64.6           -
Property, plant and equip-
  ment                       47.9        164.4       47.8       162.4
Foreign tax loss and
  other carryforwards        37.5            -       22.0           -
Research tax credit carry-
  forwards                   37.0            -       27.0           -
Inventory                    22.7            -       20.7           -
Pensions                     12.6         44.9       25.2        55.9
Other                        87.9         28.2       61.1        13.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                            568.2        237.5      617.6       231.3
Valuation allowances        (91.6)           -     (108.9)          -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                           $476.6       $237.5    $ 508.7      $231.3
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The research tax credit carryforwards of $37.0 will be available until
the years 2007 through 2009.

Valuation allowances as of January 1, 1993 of $92.0 were primarily
related to the potential inability to utilize foreign operating loss
and capital loss carryforwards and the inability to realize some
deferred tax assets associated with the 1991 restructuring.  During
1993, valuation allowances increased $16.9 principally due to the
potential inability to realize deferred tax assets associated with the
1993 restructuring.  During 1994, valuation allowances decreased $17.3
primarily due to improved profitability in European operations which
resulted in the realization of some deferred tax assets associated
with the 1991 restructuring actions offset by the recognition of $13.1
of valuation allowances for acquired foreign capital loss
carryforwards.  If these capital loss carryforwards are realized in
the future, the related valuation allowance will reduce acquisition
goodwill.
 
Income taxes of $186.1, $155.0 and $211.8 were paid during 1994, 1993
and 1992, respectively.  Prepaid expenses and other current assets
included deferred income taxes of $173.9 and $218.0 at December 31,
1994 and 1993, respectively.  Investments and other assets included
deferred income taxes of $157.2 and $135.8 at December 31, 1994 and
1993, respectively.

The earnings of Warner-Lambert's subsidiary operating in Puerto Rico
are subject to tax pursuant to a grant, effective through December
2003.  The grant provides for certain tax relief and reduced
withholding tax rates upon repatriation of Puerto Rico earnings
provided that certain conditions are met.  The company continued to be
in compliance with these conditions at December 31, 1994.  

Earnings of foreign subsidiaries considered to be reinvested for an
indefinite period at December 31, 1994 totaled approximately $488. No
additional U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes have been
provided on these earnings.  It would be impractical to compute the
estimated deferred tax liability on these reinvested earnings.

<PAGE>
As of December 31, 1994, Warner-Lambert's U.S. federal income tax
returns through 1986 had been examined and settled with the Internal
Revenue Service.
                                                   
The company's effective income tax rate before accounting changes
differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Liability Liability Deferred
                                            Method    Method   Method
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Years Ended December 31,                     1994      1993     1992 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>                                          <C>       <C>      <C>
U.S. statutory tax rate                      35.0%     35.0%    34.0%
Income earned in Puerto Rico                 (5.0)     (5.5)    (6.8)
Foreign income subject to 
  reduced tax rates including 
  taxes on repatriation                      (7.1)     (4.6)    (1.4)
U.S. research tax credit, net                 (.6)     (1.8)     (.5)
State and local taxes, net                     .7        .9      1.3
Other items, net                              1.0       (.5)    (1.6)
Effect of restructuring                         -     (13.0)       - 
Effect of minority interests                 (2.2)        -        -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Effective tax rate before 
  accounting changes                         21.8%     10.5%    25.0%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
</TABLE>

The 1993 effective tax rate of 10.5 percent included the effect of a
31.4 percent tax benefit rate on the restructuring charge discussed in
Note 3.  Excluding the effect of the restructuring charge, the
effective tax rate was 23.5 percent.  The lower effective tax rate for
1993 also reflected the retroactive extension of the research tax
credit enacted as part of The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1993 and a decrease in the overall international tax rate, due to
changes in certain affiliates' operating results, coupled with a $3.0
tax effect of applying the one percentage point increase in the U.S.
statutory tax rate to existing net deferred tax assets.  There was a
separate 37.0 percent tax benefit rate on the $27.0 charge for the
change in accounting principle regarding SFAS No. 112, discussed in
Note 13.



<PAGE>
Note 16 - Shareholders' Equity:

The authorized preferred stock of Warner-Lambert Company is 5 million
shares with a par value of $1.00 per share, of which there are no shares issued.

The authorized common stock of Warner-Lambert Company is 300 million shares with
a par value of $1.00 per share.

Changes in certain components of shareholders' equity are summarized as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                          Capital in   Cumulative           Treasury Stock 
                                 Common   Excess of    Translation      -----------------------
                                  Stock   Par Value    Adjustments        Shares         Cost  
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>       <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
Balance at December 31, 1991     $160.3    $ 92.6       $(128.9)       (25,736,008)    $(849.0)
Shares repurchased, at cost         -         -             -             (325,118)      (22.8)
Employee benefit plans              -        21.9           -            1,070,956        20.6
Translation adjustment              -         -           (30.8)               -           -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1992      160.3     114.5        (159.7)       (24,990,170)     (851.2)
Shares repurchased, at cost         -         -             -           (1,680,290)     (112.4)
Employee benefit plans              -         5.6           -              479,947         9.9
Translation adjustment              -         -           (65.1)               -           -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993      160.3     120.1        (224.8)       (26,190,513)     (953.7) 
Shares repurchased, at cost         -         -             -             (647,001)      (41.7)
Employee benefit plans              -        35.0           -            1,102,946        25.8
Translation adjustment              -         -            43.8                -           -  
Unrealized market value adjust-
  ments on equity securities        -        (2.9)          -                  -           -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1994     $160.3    $152.2       $(181.0)       (25,734,568)    $(969.6)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
Pursuant to the company's Stockholder Rights Plan, a right is attached
to each outstanding share of common stock.  In the event that any
person or group acquires 20 percent or more of the outstanding common
shares, or acquires the company in a merger or other business
combination, or engages in certain self-dealing transactions, each
right (other than those held by the "Acquiring Person") will entitle
its holder to purchase, for a specified purchase price, stock of the
company or the Acquiring Person having a market value of twice such
purchase price.  The rights expire on July 8, 1998 and can be redeemed
for $.005 per right by the Board of Directors prior to the time the
rights become exercisable.



<PAGE>
Note 17 - Stock Options and Awards:

Warner-Lambert has stock plans established in 1992, 1989, 1987 and
1983 which provide for the granting of options to employees to
purchase shares of common stock within prescribed periods at a price
equal to fair market value on the date of the grant.  There are
outstanding options under all plans; however, additional options may
be granted only under the 1992 plan.

The 1992 Stock Plan also provides for the granting of restricted stock
and performance awards.  Restricted stock granted to employees is
delivered upon the expiration of restricted periods established at the
time of grant.  The value of the shares at the date of the grant is
being amortized to compensation expense over the restricted periods,
with the unamortized portion representing unearned compensation
reflected as a reduction of shareholders' equity.  Performance awards
provide for the recipient to receive payment in shares, cash or any
combination thereof equivalent to the award being granted.

The aggregate number of shares of common stock which may be awarded
under the 1992 Stock Plan in any year during its five-year term is not
more than 1.75 percent of the issued shares of common stock on January
1 of the year of grant.  In any year in which stock awards are granted
for less than the maximum permissible number of shares, the balance of
unused shares will be added to the number of shares permitted to be
granted during the following year.  No stock awards may be granted
under the 1992 Stock Plan after April 28, 1997.

The 1992 Stock Plan also contains provisions for the granting of
rights which permit the optionee to receive an amount equal to the
excess of the market price of the common stock over the option price
when the rights are exercised and receive payment in shares of common
stock, cash or a combination of both.  Options and rights granted
generally become exercisable after one year in annual 25 percent
increments and expire ten years from the date of grant.  The value of
rights granted is charged to income over the vesting period from the
date the market price first exceeds the option price, with adjustments
made based on market fluctuations to the date of exercise. At December
31, 1994, rights with respect to 650,600 shares of common stock were
outstanding.



<PAGE>
Transactions involving stock options, rights and awards are summarized
as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                         Number            Price
                                       of Shares         Per Share   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>        <C>
Stock options, rights and awards       
  outstanding, December 31, 1992       8,747,333    $14.81  -  $77.75

Stock options and rights:              
     Granted                           1,519,725     65.06  -   75.25 
     Exercised                          (439,454)    14.81  -   73.69
     Cancelled                          (282,951)    14.81  -   77.75

Stock awards:
     Granted                              51,270     65.69  -   75.75
     Delivered                           (55,875)    44.56  -   77.06
     Cancelled                           (13,453)    44.16  -   77.75
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1993       9,526,595     17.00  -   76.98

Stock options and rights:
     Granted                           1,611,205     63.25  -   80.50
     Exercised                        (1,129,564)    17.00  -   73.69
     Cancelled                          (406,203)    17.00  -   73.69

Stock awards:
     Granted                              38,110     62.94  -   80.19
     Delivered                           (61,001)    44.16  -   76.38
     Cancelled                            (6,860)    54.47  -   75.81
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options, rights and awards
  outstanding, December 31, 1994       9,572,282     18.03  -   80.50
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock options and rights 
  exercisable, December 31, 1994       4,293,736    $18.03  -  $76.38
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares available for annual grants at:            
     December 31, 1993                 5,913,951
     December 31, 1994                 7,040,375
- ------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
        

<PAGE>
Note 18 - Contingencies:

Various claims, suits and complaints, such as those involving
government regulations, patents and trademarks and product liability,
arise in the ordinary course of Warner-Lambert's business.  In the
opinion of Warner-Lambert, all such pending matters are without merit
or are of such kind, or involve such amounts, as would not have a
material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations for any year.

<PAGE>
Note 19 - Environmental Liabilities:                                 

The company is involved in various environmental matters including
actions initiated by the Environmental Protection Agency under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
(i.e., CERCLA or Superfund legislation and similar legislation),
various state environmental organizations and other parties.  The
company is presently remediating environmental problems at certain
sites, including sites previously owned.  

The company accrues costs for estimated environmental liabilities 
when management becomes aware that a liability exists and is able to
reasonably estimate the amount, generally no later than the completion
of studies to determine the feasibility and cost of remedial
techniques.  Outside consultants are generally used to assess the
costs of remediation.  For most sites, there are other potentially
responsible parties (PRPs); for these sites, all PRPs may be jointly
and severally liable to pay all cleanup costs.  In developing the
accrual, the company considers the extent to which other PRPs can be
expected to contribute.  Accruals are established based on current
technology and are not discounted.

Some portion of the liabilities associated with the company's
environmental actions may be covered by insurance.  The company is
currently in litigation with respect to the scope and extent of
liability coverage from certain insurance companies; however,
recoveries will not be recorded as income until there is assurance
that recoveries are forthcoming.

In management's opinion, the liabilities for all matters mentioned
above which are probable and reasonably estimable are adequately
accrued for.  Management believes that the amount accrued for
environmental liabilities is not material and that it is remote that
costs significantly in excess of such accrual will be incurred.  While
it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of the
matters described above or the ultimate costs of remediation,
management believes it is unlikely that their ultimate disposition
will have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated
financial position, liquidity, cash flow or results of operations for
any year.  

<PAGE>
Note 20 - Segment Information:

Financial information by industry segment and geographic area for
1994, 1993 and 1992 is presented on page 33 of this report under the
caption "Segment Information."

Industry segments are comprised as follows:  Consumer Health Care -
consisting of OTC products, razors and blades, pet care products and
the Novon Products Group which was discontinued in 1993, see Note 3;
Confectionery - consisting of chewing gums, breath mints and, until
disposition in the fourth quarter of 1993, chocolate/caramel brands,
see Note 3; Pharmaceutical - consisting of ethical pharmaceuticals,
biologicals and empty hard-gelatin capsules. 


<PAGE>
Note 21 - Quarterly Financial Information - Unaudited:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                 1994 Quarters                       1993 Quarters
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       First    Second     Third   Fourth    First   Second    Third    Fourth
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>      <C>       <C> 
Net sales           $1,472.9  $1,552.2  $1,671.0 $1,720.7 $1,331.7 $1,449.7 $1,478.5  $1,533.8
Gross profit           993.9   1,042.9   1,101.6  1,123.3    920.8    977.8    980.2     996.8
Income (loss) 
 before accounting 
 changes               190.4     196.7     169.2    137.7    136.1    189.9    155.9    (196.9)
Net income (loss)      190.4     196.7     169.2    137.7    182.1    189.9    155.9    (196.9)
Per common share:
 Income (loss) 
  before accounting 
  changes               1.42      1.47      1.26     1.02     1.01     1.40     1.16     (1.46)
 Net income (loss)      1.42      1.47      1.26     1.02     1.35     1.40     1.16     (1.46)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

First quarter 1993 results included a pretax restructuring charge of $70.0 or $45.0 after tax
for the disposition of the Novon Products Group as discussed in Note 3, a charge of $17.0 after
tax or $.13 per share to adopt SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits," and a credit of $63.0 or $.47 per share for the adoption of SFAS No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes."  The third quarter 1993 effective tax rate was 19.6 percent
compared with 23.3 percent for the first half of 1993 due to the retroactive extension of the
research tax credit enacted in August 1993.  Fourth quarter 1993 results included a net pretax
restructuring charge of $455.2 or $315.4 after tax, see Note 3.  
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
Report by Management

The management of Warner-Lambert Company has prepared the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and related information in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and is
responsible for the information and representations in such financial
statements, including estimates and judgments required for their
preparation.  Price Waterhouse LLP, independent accountants, has
audited the consolidated financial statements and their report appears
herein.

In order to meet its responsibilities, management maintains a system
of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that
assets are safeguarded and that financial records properly reflect all
transactions.  The internal control system is augmented by an ongoing
internal audit program, an organizational structure that provides for
appropriate division of responsibility and communication programs that
explain the company's policies and standards.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed entirely of
nonemployee directors, meets periodically with the independent
accountants, management and internal auditors to review auditing,
internal accounting controls and other financial reporting matters. 
Both the independent accountants and internal auditors have full
access to the Audit Committee.

Management also recognizes its responsibility for fostering a strong
ethical climate so that the company's affairs are conducted according
to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct.  This
responsibility is characterized and reflected in the company's Creed,
which summarizes Warner-Lambert's commitment to its customers,
colleagues, shareholders, business partners and society.



<PAGE>
Report of Independent Accountants




PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Warner-Lambert Company

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of
cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Warner-Lambert Company and its subsidiaries at December
31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits of
these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.

As discussed in Notes 13 and 15 to the financial statements, effective
January 1, 1993 the company changed its accounting for postemployment
benefits and income taxes.


Price Waterhouse LLP
- --------------------

4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey
January 23, 1995 



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21
 
     The  following is a list  of subsidiaries of Warner-Lambert showing the
state or country of organization and  the percentage of voting securities  owned
by  Warner-Lambert or by subsidiaries of Warner-Lambert as of December 31,
1994. Except  as otherwise  indicated,  such subsidiaries  are included  in  the
consolidated financial statements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                STATE OR COUNTRY
 NAME OF SUBSIDIARY             OF ORGANIZATION        PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
 ------------------            -----------------       -----------------------
 
<S>                                       <C>                          <C>
Adams, S.A.............................   Spain                        100
Adams Brands, Inc......................   Philippines                  100
American Chicle Company................   Delaware                     100
Chicle Adams, S.A......................   Venezuela                    100
Euronett, Inc..........................   Delaware                     100
International Affiliated Corporation...   Delaware                     100
  Warner-Lambert GmbH..................   Germany                      100 International Affiliated
                                                                            Corporation
          Parke, Davis GmbH............   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
          Goedecke Aktiengesellschaft..   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
               Adenylchemie GmbH.......   Germany                      100 Goedecke Aktiengesellschaft
               Goedecke
                 Gesellschaft m.b.H....   Austria                      100 Goedecke Aktiengesellschaft
          International Company for Gum
            and Confectionery (INCOGUM)
            S.A.E......................   Egypt                        57 Warner-Lambert GmbH
          PanServ - Anzeigen -
            Service GmbH...............   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
          Warner-Lambert Consumer
            Products GmbH, Berlin......   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
               Warner-Lambert
                 Consumer Products
                 GmbH, Frankfurt.......   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
               Wilkinson Sword GmbH....   Austria                      100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
               NV Wilkinson Sword
                 S.A...................   Belgium                      100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
               Wilkinson Sword SpA.....   Italy                        99 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
                                                                        1 Wilkinson Sword Limited
               Wilkinson Sword
                 S.A.E.................   Spain                        85 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
               Wilkinson Sword
                 Verwaltungs GmbH......   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
                    W&A
                      Grundstucksverwaltungs
                      GbR..............   Germany                      97 Wilkinson Sword Verwaltungs GmbH
                                                                       3 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
</TABLE>
 
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               STATE OR COUNTRY
          NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                    OF ORGANIZATION                PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
          ------------------                   -----------------               -----------------------
<S>                                         <C>                        <C>
          Warner-Lambert Europaische
            Beteiligungs GmbH..........   Germany                      100 Warner-Lambert GmbH
               Parke-Davis GmbH........   Austria                      100 Warner-Lambert Europaische
                                                                            Beteiligungs GmbH
               Warner-Lambert
                 (Schweiz) AG..........   Switzerland                  100 Warner-Lambert Europaische
                                                                            Beteiligungs GmbH
     Parke-Davis Sendirian Berhad......   Malaysia                     100 International Affiliated
                                                                            Corporation
Latin American Holdings Inc............   Delaware                     100
     Laboratorios Laprofa, Sociedad
       Anonima.........................   Guatemala                    100 Latin American Holdings Inc.
     Warner-Lambert Industria e
       Comercio Limitada...............   Brazil                       100 Latin American Holdings Inc.
Keystone Chemurgic Corp................   Delaware                     100
     Exchic C.A. Limited...............   Bermuda                      57.4
                                                                       42.6 Keystone Chemurgic Corp.
     Warner-Lambert Guatemala,
       S.A.............................   Guatemala                    100 Keystone Chemurgic Corp.
Laboratorios Substantia, C.A...........   Venezuela                    80
Lambert & Feasley, Inc.................   New York                     100
Med-Tech Ventures, Inc.................   Delaware                     100
Meito Adams Co., Ltd.*.................   Japan                        50
Parke-Davis Sales Corporation..........   Virgin Islands               100
Parke, Davis & Company
  ('Parke-Davis')......................   Michigan                     100
     Parke-Davis Korea Limited........    Korea                        100 Parke-Davis
     Warner-Lambert de Puerto Rico,
       Corp............................   Puerto Rico                  100 Parke-Davis
     P-D Co., Inc......................   Delaware                     100 Parke-Davis
          Warner-Lambert (Belgium)
            N.V........................   Belgium                      100 P-D Co., Inc.
          Capsugel AG..................   Switzerland                  100 P-D Co., Inc.
          Empresas Warner Lambert
            S.A........................   Chile                        90 P-D Co., Inc.
                                                                       10 Tabor Corporation
          Parke-Davis (Thailand)
            Limited....................   Thailand                     100 P-D Co., Inc.
          Parke-Davis ('Parke-Davis
            France')...................   France                       84.1 P-D Co., Inc.
                                                                       14 Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
                                                                       1.9 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
               Adams France............   France                       100 Parke-Davis France
               Cachou Lajaunie.........   France                       100 Parke-Davis France
               Capsugel France.........   France                       100 Parke-Davis France
               Societe Nouvelle des
                 Pastilles de Vichy....   France                       100 Parke-Davis France
                    C.M.S. Diffusion...   France                       99 Societe Nouvelle des Pastilles de
                                                                            Vichy
                                                                       1 Parke-Davis France
               Wilkinson Sword S.A.....   France                       100 Parke-Davis France
</TABLE>
* Subsidiary not consolidated
 
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               STATE OR COUNTRY
          NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                    OF ORGANIZATION                PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
- ---------------------------------------   ---------------------------  ---------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>                        <C>
          Warner-Lambert Company
            AG.........................   Switzerland                  100 P-D Co., Inc.
               Adams (Thailand)
                 Limited...............   Thailand                     100 Warner-Lambert Company AG
               Warner-Lambert (East
                 Africa) Limited.......   Kenya                        100 Warner-Lambert Company AG
               Warner-Lambert
                 Pottery Road
                 Limited...............   Ireland                      100 Warner-Lambert Company AG
     Parke, Davis & Company, Inc.......   Philippines                  100 Parke-Davis
     Parke, Davis & Company, Limited...   Pakistan                     75.6 Parke-Davis
     Parke Davis International
       Limited.........................   Bahamas                      100 Parke-Davis
     Parke Davis Pty. Limited..........   Australia                    100 Parke-Davis
          Warner-Lambert Pty.
            Limited....................   Australia                    100 Parke-Davis Pty. Limited
     Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited.......   United Kingdom               100 Parke-Davis
          Lambert Chemical Company
            Limited....................   United Kingdom               100 Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
          Parke Davis & Co. Limited....   Jersey, Channel Islands      100 Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
          Wilkinson Sword Limited......   United Kingdom               100 Warner-Lambert (UK) Limited
     Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.........   Canada                       100 Parke-Davis
          Chilcott Laboratories Canada
            Inc........................   Canada                       100 Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
          Parke-Davis Afrique de
            l'Ouest....................   Senegal                      100 Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
          Renrall K.K..................   Japan                        100 Warner-Lambert Canada Inc.
Parke Davis, S.A.......................   Spain                        65
                                                                       35 Warner-Lambert Company AG
Parke-Davis S.p.A......................   Italy                        100 (Indirect)
Parke-Davis Scandinavia AB.............   Sweden                       100
Suzhou Capsugel'R' Ltd.*...............   People's Republic of China   50
Tabor Corporation......................   Delaware                     100
Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich
  Baensch GmbH.........................   Germany                      100 (Indirect)
     Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH.........   Germany                      100 Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich
                                                                            Baensch GmbH
          Biorell GmbH.................   Germany                      100 Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH
               HILENA Biologische und
                 Chemische Erzeugnisse
                 GmbH..................   Germany                      100 Biorell GmbH
          Zoomedica Frickhinger
             GmbH......................   Germany                      100 Tetra Heimtierbedarf GmbH
     Wilkinson Sword GmbH..............   Germany                      51 Tetra-Werke Dr. rer. nat. Ulrich
                                                                            Baensch GmbH
                                                                       49 Warner-Lambert Consumer Products
                                                                            GmbH, Berlin
Warner-Chilcott Inc....................   Delaware                     100
Warner-Lambert de Mexico, S.A. de
  C.V..................................   Mexico                       100
     Chicle Adams, S.A. de C.V.........   Mexico                       100 Warner-Lambert de Mexico, S.A.
                                                                            de C.V.
     Compania Medicinal La Campana,
       S.A. de C.V.....................   Mexico                       100 Warner-Lambert de Mexico, S.A.
                                                                            de C.V.
Warner-Lambert de Venezuela S.A........   Venezuela                    72.4
                                                                       27.6 Parke-Davis
</TABLE>
* Subsidiary not consolidated

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               STATE OR COUNTRY
          NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                    OF ORGANIZATION                PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
          ------------------                   -----------------               -----------------------
<S>                                         <C>                        <C>
Warner-Lambert Europe N.V..............   Belgium                      100
Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.............   Netherlands                  100
     Parke-Davis B.V...................   Netherlands                  100 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
          Substantia - Produtos
            Farmaceuticos, Limitada....   Portugal                     97.5 Parke-Davis B.V.
                                                                       2.5 Parke-Davis France
     Schick Nederland B.V..............   Netherlands                  100 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
          Warner-Lambert A.E...........   Greece                       99  Schick Nederland B.V.
                                                                       1   Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
          W-L Distributie N.V..........   Belgium                      100 Schick Nederland B.V.
     Wilkinson Sword B.V...............   Netherlands                  100 Warner-Lambert Holland B.V.
Warner-Lambert Inc.....................   Nevada                       100
Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited.........   Ireland                      100 (Indirect)
     Warner-Lambert Distributors
       (Ireland) Ltd...................   Ireland                      100 Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
     Warner-Lambert Export
       Limited.........................   Ireland                      100 Warner-Lambert Ireland Limited
Warner-Lambert KK......................   Japan                        100
Warner-Lambert Ltd.....................   Delaware                     100
     Warner-Lambert de Panama,
       Sociedad Anonima................   Panama                       100 Warner-Lambert Ltd.
Warner-Lambert Manufacturing
  (Ireland) Ltd........................   Cayman Islands,              100
                                          British West Indies
Warner Lambert (NZ) Limited............   New Zealand                  100
Warner-Lambert Philippines, Inc........   Philippines                  100
Warner-Lambert (Portugal) Comercio e
  Industria, Limitada..................   Portugal                     100
Warner-Lambert S.A. (Proprietary)
  Limited..............................   South Africa                 100
     Wilcox Sweets (Proprietary)
       Limited.........................   South Africa                 100 Warner-Lambert S.A.
                                                                            (Proprietary) Limited
Warner-Lambert (Thailand) Limited......   Thailand                     100 (Indirect)
Willinger Bros., Inc...................   Delaware                     100
     JWI...............................   New Jersey                   100 Willinger Bros., Inc.
Warner Wellcome Consumer Healthcare....   New York                     70 (Profit share)
</TABLE>
 
The  foregoing list  omits 9 domestic  subsidiaries and  75 foreign subsidiaries
which,  considered  in  the  aggregate,  would  not  constitute  a   significant
subsidiary.


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23
 
              WARNER-LAMBERT COMPANY AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
 
     We  hereby consent  to the incorporation  by reference  in the Prospectuses
constituting part of the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration  Nos.
2-53423, 33-21123, 2-86826, 33-17584, 33-28375, 33-12209, 33-49244 and 33-57918)
and   on  Form  S-3  (Registration  Nos.  33-4049,  33-38725  and  33-55692)  of
Warner-Lambert Company of our report dated January 23, 1995 appearing on page 48
of  Warner-Lambert  Company's  1994  Annual  Report  to  Shareholders  which  is
incorporated  in  this  Annual Report  on  Form  10-K. We  also  consent  to the
incorporation by reference of  our report on  the Financial Statement  Schedule,
which appears on page 20 of this Form 10-K.
 
                                          PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
 
4 Headquarters Plaza North
Morristown, New Jersey 07962
March 20, 1995


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                                                  5
<LEGEND> 
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AT DECEMBER 31, 1994 AND  FROM  THE  RELATED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE 12 MONTH PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER
31,  1994,  AND  IS  QUALIFIED  IN  ITS  ENTIRETY  BY REFERENCE TO SUCH
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
       
<S>                                                      <C>
<MULTIPLIER>                                       1,000,000
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                           YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                                     DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                                   218
<SECURITIES>                                             247
<RECEIVABLES>                                          1,118
<ALLOWANCES>                                              22
<INVENTORY>                                              636
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                       2,515
<PP&E>                                                 3,168
<DEPRECIATION>                                         1,322
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                         5,533
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                  2,353
<BONDS>                                                  535
<COMMON>                                                 160
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                      0
<PREFERRED>                                                0
<OTHER-SE>                                             1,656
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                           5,533
<SALES>                                                6,417
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                       6,417
<CGS>                                                  2,155
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                          2,155
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                           0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                           0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                        94
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                        1,005
<INCOME-TAX>                                             219
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                      694
<DISCONTINUED>                                             0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                            0
<CHANGES>                                                  0
<NET-INCOME>                                             694
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                           5.17
<EPS-DILUTED>                                              0
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
