<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1994 WICOR FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED 12/31/94
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                      Washington, D.C. 20549

                             FORM 10-K

/ X /  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994
                                OR
/   /  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
       For the transition period from            to        

                   Commission file number 1-7951
                            WICOR, Inc.

      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Wisconsin                              39-1346701
(State or other jurisdiction of              (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)              Identification No.)

     626 East Wisconsin Avenue
          P.O. Box 334
       Milwaukee, Wisconsin                       53201
(Address of principal executive offices)             (Zip Code)  

  Registrant's telephone number, including area code 414-291-7026

    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

     Common Stock, $1 par value                   New York Stock Exchange
Associated Common Stock Purchase Rights           New York Stock Exchange

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    X   Yes        No.

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  / X /

Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant:
                    $474,178,432 at February 28, 1995.

Number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common
stock, as of February 28, 1995:
          Common Stock, $1 par value         16,934,944 shares

Documents Incorporated by Reference:
WICOR, Inc. proxy statement dated March 10, 1995 (Part III)
WICOR, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders (Parts I and II)<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
                        TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                                                            PAGE
PART I     .                                                 1

Item 1.   Business                                                1

  (a)  General Development of Business                       1
  (b)  Financial Information about Industry Segments         1
  (c)  Narrative Description of Business                     1
     
     1.   Retail Distribution of Natural Gas                 1
       
       A. General                                                 1
       B. Gas Markets and Competition                        1
       C. Gas Supply and Pipeline Capacity                   3
          (1)  General                                       3
          (2)  Pipeline Capacity                             4
          (3)  Term Gas Supply                               4
          (4)  Spot Market Gas Supply                        4
       D. Wisconsin Regulatory Matters                        
          (1)  Rate Matters                                  5
          (2)  Transition Cost Recovery Policy               5
          (3)  Service Area Expansion                        5
          (4)  Changing Regulatory Environment               5
       E. Employees                                          5

  2. Manufacturing and Sale of Pumps and Water
         Processing Equipment                                6

       A. General                                                 6
       B. U.S. Operations                                    6
       C. International Operations                           6
       D. Raw Materials and Patents                          7
       E. Employees                                          7

Item 2.   Properties                                              7

  (a)  Capital Expenditures                                  7
  (b)  Retail Distribution of Natural Gas                    7
  (c)  Manufacturing of Pumps and Water Processing 
          Equipment                                          7

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings                                  7

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders     9

Executive Officers of the Registrant                         9

PART II                                                          10

Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters                               10

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data                           11

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis 
          of Results of Operations and 
                 Financial Condition                               11<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)

                                                          PAGE

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data       11

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
       on Accounting and Financial Disclosure               11


PART III                                                         11

Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of
          the Registrant                                    11

Item 11.    Executive Compensation                          12

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain 
          Beneficial Owners and Management                  12
  
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related 
          Transactions                                      12


PART IV                                                          12

Item 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, 
          and Reports on Form 8-K                           12

  (a)  Documents Filed as Part of the Report                12
     
     1.   All Financial Statements and Financial
       Statement Schedules                                  12
     2.   Financial Statement Schedules                     12
     3.   Exhibits                                                    12

  (b)  Reports on Form 8-K                                  15
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
                              PART I 


Item 1.    BUSINESS 

(a)        General Development of Business 

  WICOR, Inc. (the "Company" or "WICOR") is a diversified holding company
with two principal businesses:  natural gas distribution and manufacturing and
sale of pumps and water processing equipment.  Wisconsin Gas Company ("Wisconsin
Gas") engages in retail distribution of natural gas.  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.
("Sta-Rite") and SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co. ("SHURflo") are manufacturers
of pumps and water processing equipment.  The Company is a Wisconsin corporation
and maintains its principal executive offices in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 

  The Company was incorporated in 1980 at which time it acquired all the
outstanding common stock of Wisconsin Gas through a merger.  The Company
acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Sta-Rite through a merger in
1982.

  In July 1993, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of SHURflo
through a merger.  SHURflo is a manufacturer of small pumps for the food
service, recreational vehicle, marine, industrial and water purifications
markets.

  In November 1993, Sta-Rite acquired Dega Research Pty, a Melbourne,
Australia-based manufacturer of pumps, filters and accessories for the pool and
spa market.  This acquisition made Sta-Rite the largest pool and spa equipment
company in Australia, which is the second largest market in the world for these
products.

  At December 31, 1994, the Company (including subsidiaries) had 3,214 full-
time equivalent employees.

(b)        Financial Information About Industry Segments 

  Reference is made to the section entitled "Financial Review-General
Overview" set forth in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such
section is included in Exhibit 13 hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

(c)        Narrative Description of Business 

              1.  RETAIL DISTRIBUTION OF NATURAL GAS 
A. General 

  Wisconsin Gas is the largest natural gas distribution public utility in
Wisconsin, where all of its business is conducted.  At December 31, 1994,
Wisconsin Gas distributed gas to approximately 495,000 residential, commercial
and industrial customers in 496 communities throughout Wisconsin having an
estimated population of 1,458,000 based on the State of Wisconsin's estimates
for 1994.  Wisconsin Gas is subject to the jurisdiction of the Public Service
Commission of Wisconsin ("PSCW") as to various phases of its operations,
including rates, service and issuance of securities.  See "Wisconsin Rate and
Regulatory Matters." 

B. Gas Markets and Competition 

  Wisconsin Gas' business is highly seasonal, particularly as to residential
and commercial sales for space heating purposes, with a substantial portion of
its sales occurring in the winter heating season.  Competition in varying
degrees exists between natural gas and other forms of energy available to
consumers.  Most of Wisconsin Gas' large commercial and industrial customers
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5

are dual-fuel customers that are equipped to switch between natural gas and
alternate fuels.  Wisconsin Gas offers transportation services for these
customers to enable them to reduce their energy costs and use gas rather than
other fuels.  Under gas transportation agreements, customers seek to purchase
lower-priced spot market gas directly from producers or other sellers and
arrange with pipelines and Wisconsin Gas to have the gas transported to their
facilities.  Wisconsin Gas actively assists customers in buying gas, arranging
transportation, and managing other aspects of acquisition, transportation and
use of gas.  Wisconsin Gas also offers gas sales services that are priced to
compete with these transportation services.  Wisconsin Gas earns the same margin
(difference between revenue and cost of gas), whether it sells gas to customers
or transports customer-owned gas.

  The following table sets forth the volumes of natural gas delivered by
Wisconsin Gas to its customers.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Year Ended            Year Ended     
                               December 31, 1994     December 31, 1993  
                              --------------------  --------------------
                              Thousands             Thousands 
Customer Class                of therms*   Percent  of therms*   Percent
---------------------------   ----------   -------  ----------   -------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>   <C>          <C>    
Residential                               463,690        38.8   479,640      39.8 
Commercial                      185,980      15.5     190,600      15.8 
Large Volume Commercial and
  Industrial Firm               145,440      12.2     152,460      12.7 
Commercial and Industrial
  Interruptible                 282,170      23.6     208,490      17.3 
Transported                               119,080         9.9   174,080      14.4 
                              ----------   -------  ----------   -------
Total Gas Purchased and
  Transported                 1,196,360     100.0   1,205,270     100.0 
                              ==========   =======  ==========   =======
</TABLE>

*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.

  The volumes shown as transported represent customer-owned gas that was
delivered by Wisconsin Gas to its customers.  The remaining volumes represent
quantities sold to customers by Wisconsin Gas.

  Wisconsin Gas has taken certain steps in recent years to enable it to
compete in an increasingly competitive gas industry.  Wisconsin Gas has
instituted a service options program which provides customers an array of sales,
transportation and related services from which they can choose.  The service
options program also assists Wisconsin Gas in establishing the peak day and
annual gas requirements that Wisconsin Gas is obligated to supply.  The service
options program provides customers with a choice of services that they can
select to meet their needs while defining Wisconsin Gas' obligation to obtain
and sell gas to customers.

  In 1993, Wisconsin Gas introduced a gas supply management service aimed at
its larger customers.  Under this service, Wisconsin Gas manages the customer's
gas supply.  Gas management service customers are freed from the
responsibilities imposed by Federal regulation of dealing with one or more gas
suppliers, an interstate pipeline and a utility on a daily basis to order the
precise gas supply and capacity necessary to meet their varying daily gas
requirements.  See "Wisconsin Regulatory Matters - Gas Supply and Pipeline
Capacity."<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6

  In 1994, Wisconsin Gas became the first utility in the country to offer its
large customers the option of locked or capped pricing.  Under the locked
pricing option, Wisconsin Gas will sell gas at an agreed fixed unit price for
a specified period of time, such as a year.  Under the capped pricing option, 
Wisconsin Gas will sell gas at a price not to exceed an agreed unit price. 
These pricing options enable large customers to budget their gas costs more
precisely and also assist Wisconsin Gas in retaining large customers.

  The PSCW has instituted a proceeding to consider how its regulation of gas
distribution utilities should change to reflect the changing competitive
environment in the gas industry.  See "Wisconsin Regulatory Matters."

  In 1994, Wisconsin Gas added more than 10,000 customers.  See "Wisconsin
Regulatory Matters - Service Area Expansion".

  Up to 25% of Wisconsin Gas' Milwaukee area annual market requirements can
be supplied through the interstate pipelines of either ANR Pipeline Company
("ANR") or Northern Natural Gas Company ("NNG").   This capability enhances
competition between ANR and NNG for services to Wisconsin Gas and its customers,
and Wisconsin Gas believes that such competition provides overall lower gas
costs to all customers than otherwise would exist.  

  Wisconsin Gas' future ability to maintain its present share of the
industrial dual-fuel market (the market that has installed capability to use gas
or other fuels) depends upon Wisconsin Gas' success in obtaining long-term and
short-term supplies of natural gas at marketable prices and its success in
arranging or facilitating transportation service for those customers that desire
to buy their own gas supplies.  Although the dual-fuel market comprises
approximately 33% of Wisconsin Gas' annual deliveries, it contributes only about
12% of Wisconsin Gas' margin.

C. Gas Supply and Pipeline Capacity

  (1)   General

  Prior to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's ("FERC") Order No. 636,
the interstate pipelines serving Wisconsin Gas were the primary suppliers of
natural gas to Wisconsin Gas.  During the transition period prior to the
implementation of Order No. 636, Wisconsin Gas gradually assumed responsibility
for the acquisition of supply in the production areas of North America, as well
as the management of transportation and storage capacities to deliver that
supply to its market area.  On November 1, 1993, Wisconsin Gas commenced full
operation and responsibility for its supply and capacity under the requirements
of Order No. 636.

  One of the provisions of Order No. 636 is capacity release.  Capacity
release creates a secondary market for pipeline capacity and gas supplies. 
Local distribution companies, such as Wisconsin Gas, must contract for capacity
and supply sufficient to meet the peak day firm demand of their customers.  Peak
or near peak days occur only a few times each year, so capacity release
facilitates higher utilization of capacity during those times when the capacity
is not needed by the utility.  Through pre-arranged agreements and day-to-day
electronic bulletin board postings, interested parties can purchase that
capacity.  The proceeds from these transactions are passed-through to
ratepayers, thereby helping to offset the costs associated with holding the
capacity.  During 1994, Wisconsin Gas was an active participant in the capacity
release market.

  During 1993-94, the first year of operating under Order No. 636, Wisconsin
Gas Company was able to meet its contractual obligations with both its suppliers
and its customers despite unseasonably cold weather in January and February 1994
and unseasonably warm weather in November and December 1994.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

  The following table sets forth the volumes of natural gas purchased by
Wisconsin Gas and the volumes transported for customers.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Year Ended                     Year Ended     
                     December 31, 1994               December 31, 1993  
                    --------------------            --------------------
                              Thousands             Thousands 
Natural Gas Purchased         of Therms*   Percent  of Therms*   Percent
-------------------------     ----------   -------  ----------   -------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>   <C>           <C>   
ANR                                             0         0.0   467,544      38.8 
NNG                                             0         0.0    20,348       1.7 
Viking                                0       0.0      11,917       1.0 
Term contracts
  (in excess of 30 days)        980,170      81.9     398,197      33.0 
   Spot Market                   97,110       8.1     133,184      11.1 
                              ----------   -------  ----------   -------
Total Gas Purchased           1,077,280      90.0   1,031,190      85.6 
Customer Gas Transported        119,080      10.0     174,080      14.4 
                              ----------   -------  ----------   -------
Total Gas Purchased
  and Transported             1,196,360     100.0   1,205,270     100.0 
                              ==========   =======  ==========   =======

</TABLE>

*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.

  Wisconsin Gas purchased no gas from ANR, NNG and Viking in 1994 because
Order No. 636 prohibits pipelines from selling gas as they did historically.

(2)  Pipeline Capacity

  Interstate pipelines serving Wisconsin originate in three major gas
producing areas of North America:  the Oklahoma and Texas basins, the Gulf of
Mexico and western Canada.  Wisconsin Gas has contracted for long-term firm
capacity on a relatively equal basis from each of these areas.  This strategy
reflects management's belief that overall supply security is enhanced by
geographic diversification of Wisconsin Gas' supply portfolio and that Canada
represents an important long-term source of reliable, competitively priced gas.

  Because of the seasonal variations in gas usage in Wisconsin, Wisconsin Gas
has also contracted with ANR and NNG for substantial underground storage
capacity, primarily in Michigan.  There are no known underground storage
formations in Wisconsin capable of commercialization.  Storage enables Wisconsin
Gas to optimize its overall gas supply and capacity costs.  In summer, gas in
excess of market demand is transported into the storage fields, and in winter,
gas is withdrawn from storage and combined with gas purchased in or near the
production areas ("flowing gas") to meet the increased winter market demand. As
a result, Wisconsin Gas can contract for less pipeline capacity than would
otherwise be necessary, and it can purchase gas on a more uniform daily basis
from suppliers year-round.  Each of these capabilities enables Wisconsin Gas to
reduce its overall costs.

  Wisconsin Gas' firm winter daily transportation and storage capacity
entitlements from pipelines under long-term contracts are set forth
below.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8
                           Maximum Daily
                            (Thousands  
       Pipeline                                   of Therms*) 
   ------------------                            -------------
   ANR
       Mainline                           2,999   
       Storage                            4,879   
   NNG
       Mainline                           1,077   
       Storage                              150   
   Viking
       Mainline                              64   
   Peaking Facilities                        54   
                           -------------
   Total                        9,223   
                           =============
*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.

  (3)  Term Gas Supply

  Wisconsin Gas has term firm contracts (initial terms in excess of 30 days)
with approximately 30 gas suppliers for gas produced in each of the three
producing areas discussed above.  The term contracts have varying durations so
that only a portion of Wisconsin Gas' gas supply expires in any year.  Wisconsin
Gas believes the volume of gas under contract is sufficient to meet its
forecasted firm peak day demand.  The following table sets forth Wisconsin Gas'
winter season maximum daily firm total gas supply.

                           Maximum Daily
                             (Thousands 
                            of Therms*) 
                           -------------
   Domestic flowing gas                   2,387   
   Canadian flowing gas                   1,396   
   Storage withdrawals                    5,029   
                           -------------
       Total                              8,812   
                           =============
*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.

  (4)  Spot Market Gas Supply

  Wisconsin Gas expects to continue to make gas purchases in the 30-day spot
market as price and other circumstances dictate.  Wisconsin Gas has purchased
spot market gas since 1985 and has supply relationships with a number of sellers
from whom it purchases spot gas.


D. Wisconsin Regulatory Matters

  (1)  Rate Matters 

  Wisconsin Gas is subject to the jurisdiction of the PSCW as to various
phases of its operations, including rates, customer service and issuance of
securities. 

  In July 1993, Wisconsin Gas submitted an incentive rate making proposal to
the PSCW.  The PSC significantly modified Wisconsin Gas' proposal in its
November 1994 rate order.  Under the PSCW rate order, Wisconsin Gas' rates are
subject to a three year margin rate cap (through October 1997) based on the
rates approved in November 1993.  The PSCW order also specified margin rate
floors for each rate class.  Wisconsin Gas has the ability to raise or lower
margin rates within the specified range on a quarterly basis.  The rates at
December 31, 1994 were at the top of the range.  In addition, the PSCW
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9
order required Wisconsin Gas to reduce its rates by $10.1 million, on an
annual basis, to reflect a reduction in certain non-cash expenses.  Over a
twelve month period, beginning with the effective date of the order, this rate
reduction will result in no net income impact, but will reduce cash flow.  The
rate order was effective November 14, 1994.

  Wisconsin Gas' rates contain clauses providing for periodic adjustment,
with PSCW approval, to reflect changes in purchased gas costs including the
recovery of transition costs passed through by pipeline suppliers.  See
"Wisconsin Rate Matters - Transition Cost Recovery Policy".

  (2)  Transition Cost Recovery Policy

  Under Order No. 636, interstate pipelines are permitted to recover certain
costs incurred in the transition from the bundled sales service to the unbundled
Order No. 636 regime.  ANR and NNG have filed to recover transition costs.  ANR
and NNG may file in the future to recover additional transition costs, and
Wisconsin Gas will bear a portion of such additional costs approved by the
FERC.  The PSCW has permitted Wisconsin Gas to recover transition costs from
customers through its rates.

  In the judgment of management, the incurrence of these transition costs
will have no material effect on Wisconsin Gas' operations or financial condition
under current PSCW policy.  See Note 7 to Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements contained in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Shareholders, which note is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

  (3)  Service Area Expansion

  In recent years, Wisconsin Gas has increased its efforts to obtain
regulatory approvals to extend gas service to previously unserved communities. 
In 1994, Wisconsin Gas extended service to nine new communities and added 10,000
customers.  Over the last four years, Wisconsin Gas has extended service to 99
new communities and added 42,000 customers.

  (4)  Changing Regulatory Environment

  The PSCW has instituted a proceeding to consider how its regulation of gas
distribution utilities should change to reflect the changing competitive
environment in the gas industry.  To date, the PSCW has made a policy decision
to deregulate gas costs for customer segments with workably competitive market
choices.  The PSCW has identified numerous issues which must be resolved before
its policy can be implemented.  A generic proceeding has been instituted during
which these issues will be aired and decided.  Hearings are scheduled to begin
in January 1996, with the expectation that the new regulatory framework will be
implemented by the end of 1996.  The Company is unable to determine what impact
this proceeding may have on Wisconsin Gas' operations or financial position.

E. Employees 

  At December 31, 1994, Wisconsin Gas had 1,166 full-time equivalent active
employees.


              2. MANUFACTURING AND SALE OF PUMPS AND
                    WATER PROCESSING EQUIPMENT

A. General 

  The Company's manufacturing subsidiaries manufacture and sell pumps and
water processing equipment used to pump, control and filter water, and positive
displacement pumps and other accessories used for fluid handling in a wide array
of specialized applications and markets.  Manufacturing and assembly activities
are conducted in plants in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Italy,
Australia, New Zealand and Russia.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10

B. U.S. Operations 

  Water products include jet, centrifugal, sump, submersible and submersible
turbine water pumps, water storage and pressure tanks, filters, and pump and
tank systems.  These products pump, filter and store water used for drinking,
cooking, washing and livestock watering, and are used in private and public
swimming pools, spas, "hot tubs", jetted bathtubs, and fountains.  The
manufacturing businesses also produce large higher pressure and capacity water
pumps used in agricultural and turf irrigation systems and in a wide variety of
commercial, industrial and municipal fluids-handling applications.

  Small, high performance pumps, and related fluids-handling products, are
used in four primary markets:  (1) the food service industry, where gas operated
pumps are used for pumping soft drinks made from syrups, and electric motor
driven pumps are used for water boost and drink dispensing; (2) the recreational
vehicle and marine markets, where electric motor driven pumps are used for a
variety of applications including pumping potable water in travel trailers,
motor homes, camping trailers and boats, and for other applications including
marine wash down, bilge and live well pumping; (3) industrial markets, where
applications are concentrated in the soil extraction market for use in carpet
cleaning machines, agricultural markets for spraying agricultural pesticides and
fertilizers, and general industrial applications requiring fluid handling; and
(4) the water purification industry, where electric motor driven pumps are used
to pressurize reverse osmosis systems and for water transfer.

  Sales of pumps and water processing equipment are somewhat related to the
seasons of the year as well as the level of activity in the housing construction
industry and are sensitive to weather, interest rates, discretionary income, and
leisure and recreation spending.  The markets for most water and industrial
products are highly competitive, with price, service and product performance all
being important competitive factors.  The Company believes it is a leading pro-

ducer of pumps for private water systems and swimming pools and spas and for the
food service and recreational vehicle markets.  The Company's centrifugal pumps
command a major share of the agricultural and irrigation centrifugal market. 
The Company also ranks among the larger producers of pool and spa filters and
submersible turbine pumps.  Major brand names include "STA-RITE", "BERKELEY",
"SHURflo", "FLOTEC", "AQUALITY" and "AQUA TOOLS".

  Domestic pumps and water products are sold and serviced primarily through
a network of independent distributors, dealers, retailers and manufacturers'
representatives serving the well drilling, hardware, plumbing, pump installing,
irrigation, pool and spa, food service, recreational vehicle, marine, industrial
and do-it-yourself markets.  Sales are also made on a private brand basis to
large customers in all water products markets and to original equipment
manufacturers.

  Backlog of orders for pumps and water products is not a significant
indicator of future sales.

C. International Operations 

  International operations are conducted primarily by international
subsidiaries and export operations from the United States.  Products are sold
to markets in approximately 110 countries on six continents.  Foreign manufac-

turing of products from imported and locally manufactured components is carried
out by United Kingdom, German, Australian, New Zealand, Italian, and Russian
subsidiaries.  The products sold in the international markets are similar to
those sold in the United States, but in many instances have distinct features
required for those markets.  Product distribution channels are similar to those
for domestic markets.  Non-domestic sales, including exports, were 37% of 1994
manufacturing sales.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  11

D. Raw Materials and Patents

  Raw materials essential to the manufacturing operations are available from
various established sources in the United States and overseas.  The principal
raw materials needed for production of the Company's primary lines of products
include cast iron, aluminum and bronze castings for pumps; copper and aluminum
wire for motors; stainless and carbon sheet steel, bar steel and tubing; plastic
resins for injection molded components; and powdered metal components. The
manufacturing units also purchase from third party suppliers completely
assembled electric motors, plastic molded parts, elastomers for valves and
diaphragms, components for electric motors, stamped and die cast metal parts,
and hardware and electrical components.  Although the manufacturing subsidiaries
own a number of patents and hold licenses for manufacturing rights under other
patents, no one patent or group of patents is critical to the success of the
manufacturing businesses as a whole.

E. Employees 

  At December 31, 1994, the manufacturing businesses had 2,048 full time
equivalent active employees.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES

  (a)  Capital Expenditures

  The Company's capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 1994,
totaled $55.1 million.  Retirements during this period totaled $10.1 million. 
Except as discussed in "Legal Proceedings", the Company does not expect to make
any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in 1995.

  (b)  Retail Distribution of Natural Gas

  Wisconsin Gas owns a distribution system which, on December 31, 1994,
included approximately 8,100 miles of distribution and transmission mains,
407,000 services and 498,000 active meters.  Wisconsin Gas' distribution system
consists almost entirely of plastic and coated steel pipe.  Wisconsin Gas also
owns its main office building in Milwaukee, office buildings in certain other
communities in which it serves, gas regulating and metering stations, peaking
facilities and its major service centers, including garage and warehouse
facilities.

  The Milwaukee and other office buildings, the principal service facilities
and the gas distribution systems of Wisconsin Gas are owned by it in fee subject
to the lien of its Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of
November 1, 1950, under which its first mortgage bonds are issued, and to
permissible encumbrances as therein defined.  Where distribution mains and
services occupy private property, Wisconsin Gas in some, but not all, instances
has obtained consents, permits or easements for such installations from the
apparent owners or those in possession, generally without an examination of
title.

  (c)  Manufacturing of Pumps and Water Processing Equipment

  The manufacturing businesses have 11 manufacturing facilities located in
California (2), Nebraska, Wisconsin (2), Germany, Australia (2), Italy, New
Zealand and Russia.  These plants contain a total of approximately 1,408,000
square feet of floor space.  These businesses also own or lease seven
sales/distribution facilities in the United States, six in Australia, two each
in England and France, and one each in Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Singa-
pore.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

  There are no material legal proceedings pending, other than ordinary
routine litigation incidental to the Company's businesses, to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party, except as discussed below.  There are no
material legal proceedings to which any officer or director of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or has a material interest adverse to the
Company.  There are no material administrative or judicial proceedings arising
under environmental quality or civil rights statutes pending or known to be
contemplated by governmental agencies to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is or would be a party.

  Sta-Rite has entered into a contract with the Wisconsin Department of
Natural Resources ("WDNR") to perform and complete the Remedial
Investigation/Feasibility Study and Remedial Design/Remedial Action phases of
the Federal Superfund environmental process for the Delavan, Wisconsin Municipal
Well No. 4, which is located close to one of Sta-Rite's facilities.  In 1990 and
1991, Sta-Rite provided reserves to cover the estimated costs under the
contract.  No additions to reserves were required since 1991.  Although
management believes the amounts reserved will be adequate to effect any
necessary restoration, there is a possibility that additional costs may be
incurred.

  In separate lawsuits filed on April 18, 1994, the State of California and
two environmental groups sued Sta-Rite and other submersible pump manufacturers
claiming violation of the California's Health and Safety Code (Proposition 65). 
The lawsuits allege certain pumps under certain conditions leach lead into the
ground water, resulting in lead levels in drinking water in violation of
Proposition 65.  The lawsuits seek, among other remedies, injunctive relief and
unspecified monetary penalties.  Based upon information supplied to it by the
environmental groups, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency advised all
owners of certain new submersible well pumps to have their water tested.  Based
upon its own testing and information currently available, including information
from several state agencies, Sta-Rite has established reserves believed to be
adequate with respect to these actions and intends to vigorously defend against
the claims made.  Although management believes the amounts reserved will be
adequate to cover any costs, there is a possibility that additional costs may
be incurred in the future.

  In July 1994, Sta-Rite was notified by the WDNR that it believed solvents
used at a manufacturing site previously operated by Sta-Rite have migrated and
contributed to the contamination of a Deerfield, Wisconsin municipal well,
serving Deerfield residents, and surrounding property.  Based upon the
preliminary investigation and reserves established, the Company believes that
the resolution of this matter will not have a material adverse effect upon its
financial condition.  However, there is a possibility that costs in excess of
the amount reserved may be incurred in the future.

  A lawsuit brought in 1993 by Waste Management of Wisconsin, Inc. against
Sta-Rite and other generators for cleanup costs relating to a landfill near Sta-
Rite's former Deerfield location was resolved in 1994 within the reserves
established.

  Sta-Rite is also involved in environmental matters with respect to certain
other sites.  The Company has established accruals for all presently known and
quantifiable environmental contingencies relating to these sites in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.  In establishing these accruals,
management considered (a) reports of environmental consultants retained by Sta-
Rite, (b) the costs incurred to date by Sta-Rite at sites where clean-up is
presently ongoing and the estimated costs to complete the necessary restoration
work remaining at such sites, (c) the financial solvency, where appropriate, of
other parties that have been responsible for restoration at specified sites,
and (d) the experience of other parties who have been involved in the
restoration<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13
of comparable sites.  The accruals recorded by the Company with respect to the
foregoing environmental matters have not been reduced by potential insurance or
other recoveries and are not discounted.  Based on the foregoing and given
current information, management believes that future costs in excess of the
amounts accrued on all presently known and quantifiable environmental
contingencies will not be material to the Company's financial position or
results of operations.  With respect to several other sites in which Sta-Rite
may have environmental liability, management is currently conducting
investigation to determine the scope, if any, of Sta-Rite's potential liability
regarding the restoration of such sites and the estimated costs of the
restoration.  As a result of the preliminary nature of the investigations, no
reasonable estimate can be given regarding the costs, if any, that Sta-Rite may
incur with respect to these sites.  Wisconsin Gas has identified two previously
owned sites on which it operated manufactured gas plants that are of
environmental concern.  Such plants ceased operations prior to the mid-1950's. 
Wisconsin Gas has engaged an environmental consultant to help determine the
nature and extent of the contamination at these sites.  Based on the test
results obtained and the possible restoration alternatives available, the
Company has estimated that cleanup costs could range from $22 million to $75
million.  As of December 31, 1994, the Company has accrued $37.2 million for
cleanup costs in addition to $4.0 million of costs already incurred.  These
estimates are based on current undiscounted costs.  It should also be noted that
the numerous assumptions such as the type and extent of contamination, available
restoration techniques, and regulatory requirements which are used in developing
these estimates are subject to change as new information becomes available.  Any
such changes in assumptions could have a significant impact on the potential
liability.

  The WDNR issued a Potentially Responsible Party letter to Wisconsin Gas for
these two sites in September 1994.  Following receipt of this letter, Wisconsin
Gas and WDNR held an initial meeting to discuss the sites.  At the meeting it
was agreed that Wisconsin Gas would prepare a remedial action options report
from which it will select specific restoration actions for recommendation to the
WDNR.  This information will be prepared in 1995.  Barring unforeseen delays,
expenditures by Wisconsin Gas on restoration work could commence as early as
1995 and will increase in future years as plan approvals are obtained. 
Expenditures over the next several years are expected to total approximately $20
million.  Although most of the work and costs are expected to be incurred in the
first several years of the plan, monitoring of sites and other necessary actions
may be undertaken for up to 30 years.

  In February 1994, Wisconsin Gas commenced suit against nine insurance
carriers seeking a declaratory judgment regarding insurance coverage for the two
sites.  Settlements were reached with each of the carriers during 1994.  If the
amount recovered from the insurance carriers is insufficient to remediate both
sites, expenditures not recovered will be allowed full recovery (other than for
carrying costs) in rates based upon recent PSCW orders.  Accordingly, the
accrual for future restoration costs has been deferred as a  regulatory asset. 
Certain related investigation costs incurred to date are currently being
recovered in utility rates.

  Wisconsin Gas also owns a service center that is constructed on a site that
was previously owned by the City of Milwaukee and was used by the City as a
public dump site.  Wisconsin Gas has conducted a site assessment at the request
of the WDNR and has sent the report of its assessment to the WDNR.  Management
cannot predict whether or not the WDNR will require any restoration action, nor
the extent or cost of any restoration actions that may be required.  In the
judgment of management, any restoration costs incurred by Wisconsin Gas will be
recoverable from the City of Milwaukee or in Wisconsin Gas' rates pursuant to
the PSCW's orders discussed above.

  See Note 7 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in
Exhibit 13, the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders, which note is
hereby incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

  No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of 1994.

               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

  The following sets forth the names and ages of, and the offices held by,
the executive officers of the Company.  The officers serve one-year terms
commencing with their election at the meeting of the Board of Directors
following the annual meeting of shareholders in April.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Name                      Age          Offices Held            
-------------------               ---     ----------------------
<S>                               <C>     <C>
George E. Wardeberg               59      President and Chief
                                          Executive Officer of the
                                          Company, and Chairman of
                                          Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite
                                          and SHURflo

Thomas F. Schrader                45      Vice President of the
                                          Company and President and
                                          Chief Executive Officer of
                                          Wisconsin Gas

James C. Donnelly                 49      Vice President of the
                                          Company and President and
                                          Chief Executive Officer of
                                          Sta-Rite

Joseph P. Wenzler                 53      Vice President, Treasurer
                                          and Chief Financial
                                          Officer of the Company;
                                          Vice President and Chief
                                          Financial Officer of
                                          Wisconsin Gas; and
                                          Treasurer and Secretary of
                                          SHURflo

Robert A. Nuernberg               54      Secretary of the Company
                                          and Vice President-
                                          Corporate Relations and
                                          Secretary of Wisconsin Gas
</TABLE>

  Each of the executive officers has held his position for more than five
years, except as follows:

  Mr. Wardeberg was elected to his current positions effective February 1,
1994.  Prior thereto, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the
Company and Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sta-Rite from 1992
to 1994; Vice Chairman of Wisconsin Gas and SHURflo from 1993 to 1994; and
Vice President-Water Systems of Sta-Rite from 1989 to 1992.  Prior thereto,
he was Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Whirlpool Corporation.

  Mr. Donnelly was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of Sta-
Rite in 1994.  He has been a Vice President of the Company since 1987. 
Previously, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Sta-Rite
from 1992 to 1994, and as Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company and Wisconsin Gas from 1990 to 1992.  Mr. Donnelly
joined the Company and Wisconsin Gas in 1987 as Vice President and Treasurer. 
Prior thereto, he served as Vice President-Finance of Eastern Gas and Fuel
Associates.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  15

  Mr. Wenzler was elected Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Wisconsin Gas in 1992 and as Treasurer and Secretary of SHURflo in 1993. 
Prior thereto, he served as Vice President of the Company and President and
Chief Executive Officer of Sta-Rite from 1990 to 1992, and President and
Chief Operating Officer of Sta-Rite from 1986 to 1990.



                              PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED 
   STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

  The Company's common stock and the associated common stock purchase
rights (which do not currently trade independently of the common stock) are
traded on the New York Stock Exchange.  For information regarding the high
and low sales prices for the Company's common stock and dividends paid per
share in each quarter of 1994 and 1993, see the section entitled "Investor
Information" set forth in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Share-
holders. Such section is included in Exhibit 13 hereto and is
hereby incorporated herein by reference.

  At December 31, 1994, there were 16,517 holders of record of WICOR
common stock.

  The Company's ability to pay dividends is dependent to a great extent on
the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends.  The Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law and the indentures and agreements under which debt of the
Company and its subsidiaries is outstanding each contain certain restrictions
on the payment of dividends on common stock by the Company's subsidiaries. 
See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Exhibit
13, the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders, which note is hereby
incorporated herein by reference.

  By order of the PSCW, Wisconsin Gas is generally permitted to pay
dividends up to the amount projected in its rate case.  Wisconsin Gas may pay
dividends in excess of the projected dividend amount so long as payment will
not cause its equity ratio to fall below 48.43%.  If payment of projected
dividends would cause its common equity ratio to fall below 43% of total
capitalization (including short-term debt), or if payment of additional
dividends would cause its common equity ratio to fall below 48.43%, Wisconsin
Gas must obtain PSCW approval to pay such dividends.  Wisconsin Gas has
projected the payment of $16 million of dividends to the Company during the
12 months ending October 31, 1995.  See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements contained in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1994 Annual
Report to Shareholders, which note is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.  The PSCW desires Wisconsin Gas to target its common equity level
at 43% to 50% of total capitalization.  For the year ended December 31, 1994,
Wisconsin Gas' average common equity level was 48.82%.

  In addition, $8.5 million of Sta-Rite net assets at December 31, 1994,
plus 50% of Sta-Rite future earnings, are available for dividends to the
Company.  See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained
in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders, which note
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

  Reference is made to the section entitled "Selected Financial Data" set
forth in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such section is
included in Exhibit 13 hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF
   OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION                

  Reference is made to the section entitled "Financial Review" set forth
in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such section is
included in Exhibit 13 hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

  Reference is made to the WICOR, Inc. consolidated balance sheets and
consolidated statements of capitalization as of December 31, 1994 and 1993,
and the related consolidated statements of income, common equity and cash
flow for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994,
together with the report of independent public accountants dated February 2,
1995, all appearing in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Shareholders, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
   ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE             

  There has been no change in or disagreement with the Company's
independent auditors on any matter of accounting principles or practices or
financial statement disclosure required to be reported pursuant to this item.



                             PART III

Item 10.     DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

  Reference is made to "Item No. 1:  Election of Directors" included in
the WICOR proxy statement dated March 10, 1995, which is hereby incorporated
herein by reference, for the names, ages, business experience and other
information regarding directors and nominees for director of the Company. 
See "Executive Officers of the Registrant" included in Part I hereof for
information regarding executive officers of the Company.


Item 11.     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

  Reference is made to "Executive Compensation" included in the WICOR
proxy statement dated March 10, 1995, which is hereby incorporated herein by
reference, for information on compensation of executive officers of the
Company; provided, however, that the subsections entitled "Board Compensation
Committee Report on Executive Compensation" and "Executive Compensation -
Performance Information" shall not be deemed to be incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 12.     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
   AND MANAGEMENT                                 

  Reference is made to "Security Ownership of Management" included in the
WICOR proxy statement dated March 10, 1995, which is hereby incorporated
herein by reference, for information regarding voting securities of the
Company beneficially owned by its directors and officers.

Item 13.     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

  Reference is made to "Item No. 1:  Election of Directors" included in
the WICOR proxy statement dated March 10, 1995, which is hereby incorporated
herein by reference, for the information required to be disclosed under this
item.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17

                             PART IV 

Item 14.     EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND 
   REPORTS ON FORM 8-K                         

(a)     The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
        10-K: 

  1.  All Financial Statements.  The WICOR, Inc. consolidated balance
      sheets and statements of capitalization as of December 31, 1994 and
      1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, common
      equity and cash flow for each of the three years in the period ended
      December 31, 1994, together with the report of independent public
      accountants dated February 2, 1995, included in Exhibit 13, the
      Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated
      herein by reference.

  2.  Financial statement schedules.

   Schedule III --    Condensed Statements of Income, Retained Earnings
                      and Cash Flow (Parent Company Only) for the Years
                      Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992;  Condensed
                      Balance Sheets (Parent Company Only) as of
                      December 31, 1994 and 1993;  Notes to Parent
                      Company Only Financial Statements.

  Financial statement schedules other than those referred to above have
been omitted as not applicable or not required.

  3.  Exhibits 

   3.1  WICOR, Inc. Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's
        Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

   3.2  Amendment to WICOR, Inc. By-laws, effective February 28,
        1995.

   3.3  WICOR, Inc. By-laws, as amended.

   4.1  Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of November
        1, 1950, between Milwaukee Gas Light Company and Mellon
        National Bank and Trust Company and D. A. Hazlett, Trustees
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 7-E to Milwaukee Gas
        Light Company's Registration Statement No. 2-8631).

   4.2  Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 15,
        1982, between Wisconsin Gas Company and Mellon Bank, N.A.,
        and N. R. Smith, Trustees (incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 4.5 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form S-3 Registration
        Statement No. 33-43729).

   4.3  Bond Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 1981, between
        Wisconsin Gas Company and Teachers Insurance and Annuity
        Association of America relating to the issuance and sale of
        $30,000,000 principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds,
        Adjustable Rate Series due 2002 (incorporated by reference
        to Exhibit 4.6 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form S-3
                Registration Statement No. 33-43729).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  18

   4.4  Indenture dated as of September 1, 1990, between Wisconsin
        Gas Company and First Wisconsin Trust Company, Trustee
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Wisconsin Gas
        Company's Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 33-36639).

   4.5  Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 28, 1990,
        setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 9-1/8%
        Notes due 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
        Wisconsin Gas Company's Form 8-K Current Report for
        November, 1990).

   4.6  Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 19, 1991,
        setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 7-1/2%
        Notes due 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
        Wisconsin Gas Company's Form 8-K Current Report for
        November, 1991).

   4.7  Officers' Certificate, dated as of September 15, 1993,
        setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 6.60%
        Debentures due 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
        4.1 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form 8-K Current Report for
        September, 1993).

   4.8  Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March
        29, 1993, among Wisconsin Gas Company and Citibank, N.A.,
        Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust & Savings Bank,
        M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's 
        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).

   4.9  Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March
        29, 1993, among Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. and Citibank,
        N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust & Savings
        Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A., as
        Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the
        Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated as of August
        9, 1993).

   4.10 Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March
        29, 1993, among WICOR, Inc. and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank
        Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall &
        Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly  Report 
        on Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).

   4.11 Extension of Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreements,
        effective March 29, 1994, among WICOR, Inc., Wisconsin Gas
        Company and Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., respectively, and
        Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust &
        Saving Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A.,
        as Agent.

   4.12 Rights Agreement dated as of August 29, 1989, between WICOR,
        Inc. and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, Rights Agent
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company's
        Form 8-K current report for August, 1989).

   4.13 Loan Agreement, dated as of November 4, 1991, by and among
        M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank, Wisconsin Gas Company Employees'
        Savings Plans Trust and WICOR, Inc. (incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual
                Report for 1991).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  19

   4.14 Guaranty, dated as of November 4, 1991, from WICOR, Inc. to
        and for the benefit of M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Company's
        Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

        Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
        Registrant, is the obligor under various loan agreements in
        connection with facilities financed through the issuance of
        industrial development bonds.  The loan agreements and the
        additional documentation relating to these bond issues are
        not being filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K in
        reliance upon Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K.  Copies
        of these documents will be furnished to the Securities and
        Exchange Commission upon request.

   10.1 Service Agreement dated as of January 1, 1988, among WICOR,
        Inc., Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., and
        WEXCO of Delaware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
        1988).

   10.2 Endorsement of SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co. dated as of
        July 28, 1993, to Service Agreement among WICOR, Inc.,
        Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., and WEXCO
        of Delaware, Inc.  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
        10.2 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1993).

   10.3#     WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated
             by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form S-8
             Registration Statement No. 33-67134).

   10.4#     Forms of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in connec-
             
             tion with the WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's
             Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

   10.5#     WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock Option Plan, (incorporated
             by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form S-8
             Registration Statement No. 33-67132).

   10.6#     Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
             connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock Option
             Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
             Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-67132).

   10.7#     WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan (incorporated by
             reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form S-8
             Registration Statement No. 33-55755).

   10.8#     Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
             connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance
             Plan, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
             Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-55755).

   10.9#     Form of restricted stock agreement used in connection with
             the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's
             Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-55755).

   10.10#    WICOR, Inc. 1995 Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  20

   10.11#    Wisconsin Gas Company Principal Officers' Supplemental
             Retirement Income Program (incorporated by reference to
             Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
             1993).

   10.12#    Wisconsin Gas Company 1995 Officers' Incentive Compensation
             Plan.

   10.13#    Wisconsin Gas Company Officers' Medical Expense
             Reimbursement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
             10.23 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

   10.14#    Wisconsin Gas Company Group Travel Accident Plan
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's
             Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

   10.15#    Form of Deferred Compensation Agreements between Wisconsin
             Gas Company and certain of its executive officers
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's
             Form 10-K Annual Report for 1990).

   10.16#    Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Officers Supplemental Retirement
             Income Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28
             to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1989).

   10.17#    Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. 1995 Officers' Incentive
             Compensation Plan.

   10.18#    Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Group Travel Accident Plan
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's
             Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

   10.19#    WICOR, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's
             Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

   13   Portions of the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to
        Shareholders incorporated by reference herein.

   21   Subsidiaries of WICOR, Inc. 

   23   Consent of independent public accountants.

   27   Financial Data Schedule.

   99   WICOR, Inc. proxy statement dated March 10, 1995.  (Except
        to the extent incorporated by reference, this proxy
        statement is not deemed "filed" with the Securities and
        Exchange Commission as part of this Form 10-K.)

#Indicates a plan under which compensation is paid or payable to directors or 
executive officers of the Company.

(b)   Reports on Form 8-K. 

  No Current Report on Form 8-K was filed during the fourth quarter of
  1994.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  21
                            SIGNATURES


  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                   WICOR, Inc.


Date:  March 13, 1995           By    JOSEPH P. WENZLER
                      ------------------------------
                         Joseph P. Wenzler 
                      Vice President, Treasurer, and
                         Chief Financial Officer


  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed on the succeeding pages by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  22
                           WICOR, Inc. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Signature                          Title                      Date
------------------------      -----------------------------   --------------
<S>                           <C>                             <C>
GEORGE E. WARDEBERG
George E. Wardeberg           President, Chief Executive      March 13, 1995 
                              Officer and Director
                              (Principal Executive Officer)


JOSEPH P. WENZLER       
Joseph P. Wenzler             Vice President, Treasurer       March 13, 1995 
                              and Chief Financial Officer 
                              (Principal Financial Officer 
                              and Principal Accounting 
                              Officer) 


WENDELL F. BUECHE             Director                             March 13, 1995
Wendell F. Bueche


WILLIE D. DAVIS               Director                             March 13, 1995
Willie D. Davis


JERE D. MCGAFFEY              Director                             March 13, 1995
Jere D. McGaffey


DANIEL F. MCKEITHAN, JR.      Director                             March 13, 1995
Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr.


GUY A. OSBORN                 Director                             March 13, 1995
Guy A. Osborn


THOMAS F. SCHRADER            Director                             March 13, 1995
Thomas F. Schrader                                            


STUART W. TISDALE             Director                             March 13, 1995
Stuart W. Tisdale                                             


ESSIE M. WHITELAW             Director                             March 13, 1995
Essie M. Whitelaw


WILLIAM B. WINTER             Director                             March 13, 1995
William B. Winter

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  23



       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SCHEDULES



To WICOR, Inc.:

We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, the
consolidated financial statements included in Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K,
and have issued our report thereon dated February 2, 1995.  Our report on the
consolidated financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph with
respect to the change in the methods of accounting for income taxes and
postretirement benefits other than pensions in 1992 as discussed in Notes 3
and 9 to the consolidated financial statements.  Our audit was made for the
purpose of forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole. 
Supplemental Schedule III is the responsibility of the Company's management
and is presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and is not part of the basic consolidated financial
statements.  This schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures
applied in the audit of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in
our opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial data
required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole.










                                              ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
February 2, 1995<PAGE>
<PAGE>  24
                              Schedule III - Condensed
                         Parent Company Financial Statements
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                                (Parent Company Only)
                                 Statement of Income

                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                 1994        1993        1992
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                    (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Income:
  Equity in income of subsidiaries
    after dividends.........................   $ 10,154     $ 9,356    $  4,383
  Cash dividends from subsidiaries..........     23,000      21,500      19,000
  Interest income...........................        373         267         451
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                 33,527      31,123      23,834
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Expenses:
  Operating (Supplemental Note B)...........        455       1,942       1,333
  Interest .................................        163         259          63
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                    618       2,201       1,396
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------

Income Before Parent Company Income Taxes...     32,909      28,922      22,438
Income Taxes................................       (265)       (391)       (326)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Income Before Cumulative Effects of
  Accounting Changes........................     33,174      29,313      22,764
Cumulative Effects of Accounting Changes:
  Postretirement benefits other than
    pensions (net of income tax benefit of
    $4,110).................................          -           -      (6,165)
  Income taxes .............................          -           -      (1,800)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Net Income..................................   $ 33,174    $ 29,313    $ 14,799
                                               =========   =========   =========

</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  25


                          Schedule III - Condensed
                Parent Company Financial Statements (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                                (Parent Company Only)
                                    Balance Sheet
                                                             As of December 31,
                                                          ----------------------
             (Thousands of Dollars)                          1994        1993
Assets                                                    ----------------------
------
<S>                                                       <C>         <C>
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.............................  $  13,076   $   7,105
  Intercompany receivable, net (Supplemental Note A)....      2,039       2,162
  Other.................................................         79         112
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                             15,194       9,379
                                                          ----------  ----------

Investment in Subsidiaries, at equity...................    286,725     269,615
                                                          ----------  ----------

Deferred Income Taxes ..................................        204         146
Deferred Charges and Other..............................        491         591
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                          $ 302,614   $ 279,731
                                                          ==========  ==========
Liabilities and Capitalization
------------------------------
Current Liabilities:
  Income taxes payable..................................  $   4,423   $   2,875
  Other.................................................         99         353
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                              4,522       3,228
                                                          ----------  ----------
Deferred Credits........................................        254      (1,257)
                                                          ----------  ----------
Capitalization:
  ESOP loan guarantee (Supplemental Note C).............      6,370       7,484
                                                          ----------  ----------
  Common equity:
    Common stock, $1 par value, authorized 60,000,000
      shares; outstanding 16,918,000 and 16,407,000
      shares, respectively .............................     16,918      16,407
    Other paid-in-capital ..............................    180,000     166,710
    Retained earnings ..................................    101,418      94,643
    Unearned compensation (Supplemental Note C).........     (6,868)     (7,484)
                                                          ----------  ----------
      Total common equity...............................    291,468     270,276
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                          $ 302,614   $ 279,731
                                                          ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an intergral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  26

                           Schedule III - Condensed
                Parent Company Financial Statements (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                                (Parent Company Only)
                           Statement of Retained Earnings

                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                 1994        1993        1992
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                    (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance - Beginning of Year.................   $ 94,643    $ 90,102    $ 97,906
  Add:
    Net income..............................     33,174      29,313      14,799
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                127,817     119,415     112,705

  Deduct:
    Cash dividends on common stock..........     26,399      24,099      21,869
    Other...................................          -         673         734
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Balance - End of Year ......................   $101,418    $ 94,643    $ 90,102
                                               =========   =========   =========


</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  27

                           Schedule III - Condensed
             Parent Company Only Financial Statements (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   WICOR, INC.
                            Statement of Cash Flows
               Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents

                                                    Year Ended December 31,
(Thousands of Dollars)                         ---------------------------------
                                                 1994        1993        1992
                                               ---------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Operations-
  Net income ...............................   $ 33,174    $ 29,313    $ 14,799
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
   net cash flows:
    Equity in (income) losses of
      subsidiaries..........................    (10,154)     (9,356)     (4,383)
    Cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principles, net of income
      tax benefit of $4,110.................          -           -       7,965
    Change in deferred income taxes.........        (58)        (73)        (73)
    Change in intercompany receivables......        123      (7,342)      4,285
    Change in income taxes payable..........      1,548       6,923      (3,445)
    Change in other current assets..........         33          98        (124)
    Change in other current liabilities.....       (254)        178         176
    Change in other non-current assets and
      liabilities...........................       (843)       (185)       (578)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                 23,569      19,556      18,622
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Investment Activities-
  Investments in subsidiaries...............     (5,000)    (12,000)    (15,000)
  Acquisitions..............................          -           -      (3,202)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                 (5,000)    (12,000)    (18,202)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Financing Activities-
  Issuance of common stock..................     10,649      16,682       6,081
  Dividends paid on common stock, less
    amounts reinvested......................    (23,247)    (21,450)    (19,458)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                (12,598)     (4,768)    (13,377)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents.........      5,971       2,788     (12,957)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning
  of Year...................................      7,105       4,317      17,274
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year....   $ 13,076    $  7,105    $  4,317
                                               =========   =========   =========
Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information
Cash paid (received) during the year for:
  Interest paid.............................   $      -    $      1    $     36
  Income taxes paid.........................     (4,440)      2,805        (462)

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  28
                     Schedule III - Condensed
          Parent Company Financial Statements (continued)

                            WICOR, Inc.

         Notes to Parent Company Only Financial Statements



         The following are supplemental notes to the WICOR, Inc. (Parent
Company Only) financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the
WICOR, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included herein
under Item 8:


SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES

A.   Net amounts due from subsidiaries result from intercompany transactions
     including advances and Federal income tax liabilities, less payments of
     expenses by subsidiaries on behalf of WICOR, Inc.


B.   During 1994, 1993 and 1992, the parent company allocated certain
     administrative and operating expenses to the following subsidiaries using
     an allocation method approved by the PSCW:
     <TABLE>
     <CAPTION>
                                   1994         1993        1992   
                                ----------   ----------  ----------
     <S>                        <C>          <C>         <C>       
     Administrative and oper-
       ating expenses allocated
       to subsidiaries          $2,452,000   $2,388,000  $2,103,000
                                ==========   ==========  ==========
     </TABLE>

C.   In November 1991, WICOR, Inc. (Parent Company Only) established an
     Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) covering non-union employees of
     Wisconsin Gas.  Because the parent company has guaranteed the loan, the
     unpaid balance is shown as a liability on the balance sheet with a like
     amount of unearned compensation recorded as a reduction of stockholders'
     equity.

     The ESOP trustee is repaying the $10 million loan with dividends paid on
     the shares of WICOR common stock in the ESOP and with Wisconsin Gas
          contributions to the ESOP.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  29
                         TABLE OF CONTENTS
                            TO EXHIBITS



3.1    WICOR, Inc. Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended
       (incorporated by reference)

3.2*   Amendment to WICOR, Inc. By-laws, effective February 28, 1995

3.3*   WICOR, Inc. By-laws, as amended 

4.1    Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of November 1, 1950,
       between Milwaukee Gas Light Company and Mellon National Bank and Trust
       Company and D. A. Hazlett, Trustees (incorporated by reference) 

4.2    Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 15, 1982, between
       Wisconsin Gas Company and Mellon Bank, N.A., and N. R. Smith, Trustees
       (incorporated by reference) 

4.3    Bond Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 1981, between Wisconsin Gas
       Company and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America
       relating to the issuance and sale of $30,000,000 principal amount of
       First Mortgage Bonds, Adjustable Rate Series due 2002 (incorporated
       byreference) 

4.4    Indenture dated as of September 1, 1990, between Wisconsin Gas Company
       and First Wisconsin Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated by reference) 

4.5    Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 28, 1990, setting forth the
       terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 9-1/8% Notes due 1997 (incorporated
       by reference) 

4.6    Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 19, 1991, setting forth the
       terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 7-1/2% Notes due 1988 (incorporated
       by reference) 

4.7    Officers' Certificate, dated as of September 15, 1993, setting forth
       the terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 6.60% Debentures due 2013
       (incorporated by reference) 

4.6    Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 19, 1991, setting forth the
       terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's 7-1/2% Notes due 1988 (incorporated
       by reference) 

4.8    Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 29, 1993,
       among Wisconsin Gas Company and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee,
       N.A., Harris Trust and Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and
       Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference) 

4.9    Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 29, 1993,
       among Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank
       Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley
       Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference) 

4.10   Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 29, 1993,
       among WICOR, Inc. and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A.,
       Harris Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and Citibank,
              N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference)<PAGE>
<PAGE>  30

4.11*  Extension of Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreements, effective March
       29, 1994, among WICOR, Inc., Wisconsin Gas Company and Sta-Rite
       Industries, Inc., respective, and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank
       Milwaukee, N.A.,  Harris Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley
       and Citibank, N.A. as Agent                            

4.12   Rights Agreement dated as of August 29, 1989, between WICOR, Inc. and
       Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, Rights Agent (incorporated by
       reference)

4.13   Loan Agreement, dated as of November 4, 1991, by and among M&I Marshall
       & Ilsley Bank, Wisconsin Gas Company Employees' Savings Plan Trust and
       WICOR, Inc. (incorporated by reference) 

4.14   Guaranty, dated as of November 4, 1991, from WICOR, Inc. to and for the
       benefit of M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank (incorporated by reference)

10.1   Service Agreement dated as of January 1, 1988, among WICOR, Inc.,
       Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., and WEXCO of
       Delaware, Inc. (incorporated by reference) 

10.2   Endorsement of SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co. dated as of July 28,
       1993, to Service Agreement among WICOR, Inc., Wisconsin Gas Company,
       Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., and WEXCO of Delaware, Inc. (incorporated
       by references)

10.3#  WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.4#  Forms of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in connection with
       the WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.5#  WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.6#  Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in connection with the
       WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.7#  WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.8#  Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in connection with the
       WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.9#  Form of restricted stock agreement used in connection with the WICOR,
       Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan (incorporated by reference)

10.10*#    WICOR, Inc. 1995 Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan 

10.11# Wisconsin Gas Company Principal Officers' Supplemental Retirement
       Income Program  (incorporated by reference)

10.12*#    Wisconsin Gas Company 1995 Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

10.13# Wisconsin Gas Company Officers' Medical Expense Reimbursement Plan
       (incorporated by reference)

10.14# Wisconsin Gas Company Group Travel Accident Plan (incorporated by
       reference)  

10.15# Form of Deferred Compensation Agreements between Wisconsin Gas Company
       and certain of its executive officers (incorporated by reference) 

10.16# Sta-Rite Industries Officers' Supplemental Retirement Income Program
              (incorporated by reference)<PAGE>
<PAGE>  31

10.17*#    Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. 1995 Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan
           10.18#Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Group Travel Accident Plan
           (incorporated by reference)

10.19# WICOR, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors (incorporated by reference)

13*    Financial Review" portion of the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to
       Shareholders

21*    Subsidiaries of WICOR, Inc 

23*    Consent of independent public accountants 

27*    Financial Data Schedule

99*    WICOR, Inc. proxy statement dated March 10, 1995

* Indicates document filed herewith.


# Indicates a plan under which compensation is paid or payable to directors or
    executive officers of the Company.<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EX 3.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                 Exhibit 3.2


                            WICOR, Inc.
                       Amendment to By-Laws
                    Effective February 28, 1995


    RESOLVED, that the second sentence of Section 3.01 of the Corporation's By-
Laws be, and it hereby is, amended to read as follows:

         "The number of directors of the corporation shall be
         ten (10), divided into three classes of three (3, 
         three (3) and four (4) directors, respectively, and
         designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, 
         respectively."

    FURTHER RESOLVED, that the foregoing resolution shall be effective February
28, 1995.
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EX  3.3
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                EXHIBIT 3.3
                              BY-LAWS

                                OF

                           WICOR, INC.
                    (a Wisconsin corporation)

                     Effective August 1, 1993<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2

                             BY-LAWS
                                
                               OF
                                
                           WICOR, INC.
                    (a Wisconsin corporation)
                                
                    Effective August 1, 1993


                       ARTICLE I.   OFFICES

A.  Principal and Business Offices

     The corporation may have such principal and other business offices,
either within or without the State of Wisconsin, as the Board of Directors
may designate or as the business of the corporation may require from time to
time.

B.  Registered Office

     The registered office of the corporation required by the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law to be maintained in the State of Wisconsin may be,
but need not be, identical with the principal office in the State of
Wisconsin, and the address of the registered office may be changed from time
to time by the Board of Directors or by the registered agent.  The business
office of the registered agent of the corporation shall be identical to such
registered office.


                     ARTICLE II.  SHAREHOLDERS

A.  Annual Meeting

     The annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held on the fourth
Thursday in April of each year at 11:00 a.m. local time, or at such other
time and date within thirty days before or after such date as may be fixed by
or under the authority of the Board of Directors, for the purpose of electing
directors and for the transaction of such other business as may come before
the meeting.  If the day fixed for the annual meeting shall be a legal
holiday in the State of Wisconsin, such meeting shall be held on the next
succeeding business day.

B.  Special Meetings

     Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes,
unless otherwise prescribed by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, may be
called by the Board of Directors, the Chairman, the Vice Chairman or the
President.  The corporation shall call a special meeting of shareholders in
the event that the holders of at least 10% of all of the votes entitled to be
cast on any issue proposed to be considered at the proposed special meeting
sign, date and deliver to the corporation one or more written demands for the
meeting describing one or more purposes for which it is to be held.  The
corporation shall give notice of such a special meeting within thirty (30)
days after the date that the demand is delivered to the corporation.


C.  Place of Meeting

     The Board of Directors may designate any place, either within or
without the State of Wisconsin, as the place of meeting for any annual or
special meeting of shareholders.  If no designation is made, the place of
meeting shall be the principal office of the corporation.  Any meeting may be
adjourned to reconvene at any place designated by vote of the shares
represented there at.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3

D.  Notice of Meeting

     Written notice stating the date, time and place of any meeting of
shareholders and, in case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for
which the meeting is called, shall be delivered not less than ten (10) days
nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting (unless a
different time is provided by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law or the
articles of incorporation), either personally or by mail, by or at the
direction of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or the Secretary,
to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting and to such
other persons as required by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law.  If
mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be effective when deposited in the
United States mail, addressed to the shareholder at his or her address as it
appears on the stock record books of the corporation, with postage thereon
prepaid.  If an annual or special meeting of shareholders is adjourned to a
different date, time or place, the corporation shall not be required to give
notice of the new date, time or place if the new date, time or place is
announced at the meeting before adjournment; provided, however, that if a new
record date for an adjourned meeting is or must be fixed, the corporation
shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to persons who are shareholders as
of the new record date.

E.  Waiver of Notice

     A shareholder may waive any notice required by the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law, the articles of incorporation or these by-laws before or
after the date and time stated in the notice.  The waiver shall be in writing
and signed by the shareholder entitled to the notice, contain the same
information that would have been required in the notice under applicable
provisions of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law (except that the time
and place of meeting need not be stated) and be delivered to the corporation
for inclusion in the corporate records.  A shareholder's attendance at a
meeting, in person or by proxy, waives objection to all of the following: 
(a) lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder
at the beginning of the meeting or promptly upon arrival objects to holding
the meeting or transacting business at the meeting; and (b) consideration of
a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose described
in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the
matter when it is presented.

F.  Fixing of Record Date

     The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for
the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at
any meeting of shareholders, shareholders entitled to demand a special
meeting as contemplated by Section 2.2 hereof, shareholders entitled to take
any other action, or shareholders for any other purpose.  Such record date
shall not be more than seventy (70) days prior to the date on which the
particular action, requiring such determination of shareholders, is to be
taken.  If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors or by the
Wisconsin Business Corporation Law for the determination of shareholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of shareholders, the record
date shall be the close of business on the day before the first notice is
given to shareholders.  If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors
or by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law for the determination of
shareholders entitled to demand a special meeting as contemplated in Section
2.2 hereof, the record date shall be the date that the first shareholder
signs the demand.  Except as provided by the Wisconsin Business Corporation
Law for a court-ordered adjournment, a determination of shareholders entitled
to notice of and to vote at a meeting of shareholders is effective for any
adjournment of such meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record
date, which it shall do if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one
hundred twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting.  The
record date for determining shareholders entitled to a distribution<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
(other than a distribution involving a purchase, redemption or other
acquisition of the corporation's shares) or a share dividend is the date on
which the Board of Directors authorized the distribution or share dividend,
as the case may be, unless the Board of Directors fixes a different record
date.

G.  Shareholders' List for Meetings

     After a record date for a special or annual meeting of shareholders has
been fixed, the corporation shall prepare a list of the names of all of the
shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting.  The list shall be arranged
by class or series of shares, if any, and show the address of and number of
shares held by each shareholder.  Such list shall be available for inspection
by any shareholder, beginning two (2) business days after notice of the
meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing to the date
of the meeting, at the corporation's principal office or at a place
identified in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting will be held. 
A shareholder or his or her agent may, on written demand, inspect and,
subject to the limitations imposed by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law,
copy the list, during regular business hours and at his or her expense,
during the period that it is available for inspection pursuant to this
Section 2.7.  The corporation shall make the shareholders' list available at
the meeting and any shareholder or his or her agent or attorney may inspect
the list at any time during the meeting or any adjournment thereof.  Refusal
or failure to prepare or make available the shareholders' list shall not
affect the validity of any action taken at a meeting of shareholders.

H.  Quorum and Voting Requirements

     Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may take action on a
matter at a meeting only if a quorum of those shares exists with respect to
that matter.  If the corporation has only one class of common stock
outstanding, such class shall constitute a separate voting group for purposes
of this Section 2.8.  Except as otherwise provided in the articles of
incorporation, any by-law adopted under authority granted in the articles of
incorporation, or the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, a majority of the
votes entitled to be cast on the matter shall constitute a quorum of the
voting group for action on that matter.  Once a share is represented for any
purpose at a meeting, other than for the purpose of objecting to holding the
meeting or transacting business at the meeting, it is considered present for
purposes of determining whether a quorum exists for the remainder of the
meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is
or must be set for the adjourned meeting.  If a quorum exists, except in the
case of the election of directors, action on a matter shall be approved if
the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the votes
cast opposing the action, unless the articles of incorporation, any by-law
adopted under authority granted in the articles of incorporation, or the
Wisconsin Business Corporation Law requires a greater number of affirmative
votes.  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, directors
shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to
vote in the election of directors at a meeting at which a quorum is present. 
For purposes of this Section 2.8, "plurality" means that the individuals with
the largest number of votes are elected as directors up to the maximum number
of directors to be chosen at the meeting.  Though less than a quorum of the
outstanding votes of a voting group are represented at a meeting, a majority
of the votes so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time without
further notice.  At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present
or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been
transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.

I.  Conduct of Meeting

     The Chairman, and in his or her absence, the Vice Chairman, and in his
or her absence, the President, and in his or her absence, a Vice President in
the order provided under Section 4.10 hereof, and in their absence, any
person chosen by the shareholders present shall call the meeting of the
shareholders to order and shall act as chairman of the meeting, and the
Secretary of the corporation shall act as secretary of all meetings of<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5
the shareholders, but, in the absence of the Secretary, the presiding officer
may appoint any other person to act as secretary of the meeting.

J.  Proxies

     At all meetings of shareholders, a shareholder may vote his or her
shares in person or by proxy.  A shareholder may appoint a proxy to vote or
otherwise act for the shareholder by signing an appointment form, either
personally or by his or her attorney-in-fact.  An appointment of a proxy is
effective when received by the Secretary or other officer or agent of the
corporation authorized to tabulate votes.  An appointment is valid for eleven
(11) months from the date of its signing unless a different period is
expressly provided in the appointment form.  The presence of a shareholder
who has filed a proxy shall not of itself constitute revocation.  The Board
of Directors shall have the power and authority to make rules establishing
presumptions as to the validity and sufficiency of proxies.

K.  Voting of Shares

     Except as provided in the articles of incorporation or in the Wisconsin
Business Corporation Law, each outstanding share, regardless of class, is
entitled to one vote on each matter voted on at a meeting of shareholders.

L.  Action without Meeting

     Any action required or permitted by the articles of incorporation or
these by-laws or any provision of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law to
be taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting and
without action by the Board of Directors if a written consent or consents,
describing the action so taken, is signed by all of the shareholders entitled
to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof and delivered to the
corporation for inclusion in the corporate records.

M.  Acceptance of Instruments Showing Shareholder Action

     If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment
corresponds to the name of a shareholder, the corporation, if acting in good
faith, may accept the vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment and give it
effect as the act of a shareholder.  If the name signed on a vote, consent,
waiver or proxy appointment does not correspond to the name of a shareholder,
the corporation, if acting in good faith, may accept the vote, consent,
waiver or proxy appointment and give it effect as the act of the shareholder
if any of the following apply:

     (1)  The shareholder is an entity and the name signed purports to be
that of an officer or agent of the entity.

     (2)  The name purports to be that of a personal representative,
administrator, executor, guardian or conservator representing the shareholder
and, if the corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status acceptable to
the corporation is presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver or
proxy appointment.

     (3)  The name signed purports to be that of a receiver or trustee in
bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence of
this status acceptable to the corporation is presented with respect to the
vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment.

     (4)  The name signed purports to be that of a pledgee, beneficial
owner, or attorney-in-fact of the shareholder and, if the corporation
requests, evidence acceptable to the corporation of the signatory's authority
to sign for the shareholder is presented with respect to the vote, consent,
waiver or proxy appointment.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6

     (5)  Two or more persons are the shareholders as co-tenants or
fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be the name of at least one of
the co-owners and the person signing appears to be acting on behalf of all
co-owners.

     The corporation may reject a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment
if the Secretary or other officer or agent of the corporation who is
authorized to tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis for
doubt about the validity of the signature on it or about the signatory's
authority to sign for the shareholder.                




                  ARTICLE III  BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A.  General Powers, Classification and Number

     All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of,
and the business affairs of the corporation managed under the direction of,
the Board of Directors.  The number of directors of the corporation shall be
eleven (11), divided into three classes of four (4), four (4), and three (3)
directors, respectively, and designated as Class I, Class II and Class III,
respectively.  At each annual meeting of shareholders the successors to the
class of directors whose terms shall expire at the time of such annual
meeting shall be elected to hold office until the third succeeding annual
meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified.

B.  Tenure and Qualifications

     Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of
shareholders in the year in which such director's term expires and until his
or her successor shall have been elected and, if necessary, qualified, or
until there is a decrease in the number of directors which takes effect after
the expiration of his or her term, or until his or her prior retirement,
death, resignation or removal.  The retirement or resignation of a director
who is an officer of this corporation or an affiliated corporation, but not
also the chief executive officer of this corporation, shall take effect at
the time he or she ceases to hold his or her position as an officer of this
corporation or an affiliated corporation.  Any other director shall resign
from the Board of Directors effective as of the annual meeting of
shareholders next following the date on which he or she attains the age of
seventy (70) years.  No person shall be eligible for election as a director
after he or she shall have attained the age of seventy (70) years.  A
director may be removed from office only as provided in the articles of
incorporation at a meeting of the shareholders called for the purpose of
removing the director, and the meeting notice shall state that the purpose,
or one of the purposes, of the meeting is removal of the director.  A
director may resign at any time by delivering written notice which complies
with the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law to the Board of Directors, to the
Chairman or the President (in his or her capacity as chairperson of the Board
of Directors) or to the corporation.  A director's resignation is effective
when the notice is delivered unless the notice specifies a later effective
date.  Directors need not be residents of the State of Wisconsin or
shareholders of the corporation.  No other restrictions, limitations or
qualifications may be imposed on individuals for service as a director.

C.  Regular Meetings

     A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held without other
notice than this by-law immediately after the annual meeting of shareholders
and each adjourned session thereof.  The place of such regular meeting shall
be the principal business office of the corporation in the State of
Wisconsin, or such other suitable place as may be announced at such<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7
meeting of shareholders.  The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution,
the date, time and place, either within or without the State of Wisconsin,
for the holding of additional regular meetings of the Board of Directors
without other notice than such resolution.

D.  Special Meetings

     Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the
request of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President, Secretary or any
two (2) directors.  The Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or
Secretary may fix any place, either within or without the State of Wisconsin,
as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors, and
if no other place is fixed the place of the meeting shall be the principal
business office of the corporation in the State of Wisconsin.

E.  Notice; Waiver

     Notice of each meeting of the Board of Directors (unless otherwise
provided in or pursuant to Section 3.3) shall be given by written notice
delivered or communicated in person, by telegraph, teletype, facsimile or
other form of wire or wireless communication, or by mail or private carrier,
to each director at his business address or at such other address as such
director shall have designated in writing filed with the Secretary, in each
case not less than forty-eight (48) hours prior to the meeting.  The notice
need not describe the purpose of the meeting of the Board of Directors or the
business to be transacted at such meeting.  If mailed, such notice shall be
deemed to be effective when deposited in the United States mail so addressed,
with postage thereon prepaid.  If notice is given by telegram, such notice
shall be deemed to be effective when the telegram is delivered to the
telegraph company.  If notice is given by private carrier, such notice shall
be deemed to be effective when delivered to the private carrier.  Whenever
any notice whatever is required to be given to any director of the
corporation under the articles of incorporation or these by-laws or any
provision of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, a waiver thereof in
writing, signed at any time, whether before or after the date and time of
meeting, by the director entitled to such notice shall be deemed equivalent
to the giving of such notice.  The corporation shall retain any such waiver
as part of the permanent corporate records.  A director's attendance at or
participation in a meeting waives any required notice to him or her of the
meeting unless the director at the beginning of the meeting or promptly upon
his or her arrival objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at
the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the
meeting.

F.  Quorum

     Except as otherwise provided by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law
or by the articles of incorporation or these by-laws, a majority of the
number of directors specified in Section 3.1 of these by-laws shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the
Board of Directors.  Except as otherwise provided by the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law or by the articles of incorporation or by these by-laws, a
quorum of any committee of the Board of Directors created pursuant to Section
3.12 hereof shall consist of a majority of the number of directors appointed
to serve on the committee.  A majority of the directors present (though less
than such quorum) may adjourn any meeting of the Board of Directors or any
committee thereof, as the case may be, from time to time without further
notice.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8

G.  Manner of Acting

     The affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a
meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof at which a quorum is
present shall be the act of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the
case may be, unless the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, the articles of
incorporation or these by-laws require the vote of a greater number of
directors.

H.  Conduct of Meetings

     The Chairman, and in his or her absence, the Vice Chairman, and in his
or her absence, the President, and in his or her absence, a Vice President in
the order provided under Section 4.10, and in their absence, any director
chosen by the directors present, shall call meetings of the Board of
Directors to order and shall act as chairman of the meeting.  The Secretary
of the corporation shall act as secretary of all meetings of the Board of
Directors but in the absence of the Secretary, the presiding officer may
appoint any other person present to act as secretary of the meeting.  Minutes
of any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be prepared
and distributed to each director.

I.  Vacancies

     Any vacancies occurring in the Board of Directors, including a vacancy
created by an increase in the number of directors, shall be filled only as
provided in the articles of incorporation.  A vacancy that will occur at a
specific later date, because of a resignation effective at a later date or
otherwise, may be filled before the vacancy occurs, but the new director may
not take office until the vacancy occurs.

J.  Compensation

     The Board of Directors, irrespective of any personal interest of any of
its members, may establish reasonable compensation of all directors for
services to the corporation as directors, officers or otherwise, or may
delegate such authority to an appropriate committee.  The Board of Directors
also shall have authority to provide for or delegate authority to an
appropriate committee to provide for reasonable pensions, disability or death
benefits, and other benefits or payments, to directors, officers and
employees and to their estates, families, dependents or beneficiaries on
account of prior services rendered by such directors, officers and employees
to the corporation.

K.  Presumption of Assent

     A director who is present and is announced as present at a meeting of
the Board of Directors or any committee thereof created in accordance with
Section 3.12 hereof, when corporate action is taken, assents to the action
taken unless any of the following occurs: (a) the director objects at the
beginning of the meeting or promptly upon his or her arrival to holding the
meeting or transacting business at the meeting; (b) the director dissents or
abstains from an action taken and minutes of the meeting are prepared that
show the director's dissent or abstention from the action taken; (c) the
director delivers written notice that complies with the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law of his or her dissent or abstention to the presiding officer
of the meeting before its adjournment or to the corporation immediately after
adjournment of the meeting; or (d) the director dissents or abstains from an
action taken, minutes of the meeting are prepared
that fail to show the director's dissent or abstention from the action taken,
and the director delivers to the corporation a written notice of that failure
that complies with the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law promptly after
receiving the minutes.  Such right of dissent or abstention shall not apply
to a director who votes in favor of the action taken.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9

L.  Committees

     The Board of Directors by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of
a majority of all of the directors then in office may create one or more
committees, appoint members of the Board of Directors to serve on the
committees and designate other members of the Board of Directors to serve as
alternates.  Each committee shall have two (2) or more members who shall,
unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, serve at the pleasure of
the Board of Directors.  A committee may be authorized to exercise the
authority of the Board of Directors, except that a committee may not do any
of the following:  (a) authorize distributions; (b) approve or propose to
shareholders action that the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law requires to
be approved by shareholders; (c) fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or,
unless the Board of Directors provides by resolution that vacancies on a
committee shall be filled by the affirmative vote of the remaining committee
members, on any Board committee; (d) amend the corporation's articles of
incorporation; (e) adopt, amend or repeal by-laws; (f) approve a plan of
merger not requiring shareholder approval; (g) authorize or approve
reacquisition of shares, except according to a formula or method prescribed
by the Board of Directors; and (h) authorize or approve the issuance or sale
or contract for sale of shares, or determine the designation and relative
rights, preferences and limitations of a class or series of shares, except
that the Board of Directors may authorize a committee to do so within limits
prescribed by the Board of Directors.  Unless otherwise provided by the Board
of Directors in creating the committee, a committee may employ counsel,
accountants and other consultants to assist it in the exercise of its
authority.

M.  Alternate Members of Committees

     The Board of Directors may appoint annually and from time to time, as
alternate members of any committee of the Board of Directors, directors to
serve whenever designated by the committee or by the Chairman, the Vice
Chairman or the President to take the place of absent members, or to fill
vacancies on such committee until the next meeting of the Board of Directors. 
An alternate member of any committee so designated to serve shall receive
compensation for such service as fixed by the Board of Directors.

N.  Telephonic Meetings

     Except as herein provided and notwithstanding any place set forth in
the notice of the meeting or these by-laws, members of the Board of Directors
(and any committees thereof created pursuant to Section 3.12 hereof) may
participate in regular or special meetings by, or through the use of, any
means of communication by which all participants may simultaneously hear each
other, such as by conference telephone.  If a meeting is conducted by such
means, then at the commencement of such meeting the presiding officer shall
inform the participating directors that a meeting is taking place at which
official business may be transacted.  Any participant in a meeting by such
means shall be deemed present in person at such meeting.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no action may be taken at any meeting held by such means on any
particular matter which the presiding officer determines, in his or her sole
discretion, to be inappropriate under the circumstances for action at a
meeting held by such means.  Such determination shall be made and announced
in advance of such meeting.

O.  Action Without Meeting

     Any action required or permitted by the Wisconsin Business Corporation
Law to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof
created pursuant to Section 3.12 hereof may be taken without a meeting if the
action is taken by all members of the Board or of the committee.  The action
shall be evidenced by one or more written consents describing the action
taken, signed by each director or committee member and retained by<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10
the corporation.  Such action shall be effective when the last director or
committee member signs the consent, unless the consent specifies a different
effective date.


                       ARTICLE IV  OFFICERS

A.  Number

     The principal officers of the corporation shall be a President, the
number of Vice Presidents as authorized from time to time by the Board of
Directors, a Secretary, and a Treasurer, each of whom shall be elected by the
Board of Directors.  A Chairman, a Vice Chairman and such other officers and
assistant officers as may be deemed necessary may be elected or appointed by
the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may also authorize any duly
appointed officer to appoint one or more officers or assistant officers.  Any
two (2) or more offices may be held by the same person.

B.  Election and Term of Office

     The officers of the corporation to be elected by the Board of Directors
shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the first meeting of
the Board of Directors held after each annual meeting of the shareholders. 
If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election
shall be held as soon thereafter as is practicable.  Each officer shall hold
office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected or until his
or her prior death, resignation or removal.

C.  Removal

     The Board of Directors may remove any officer and, unless restricted by
the Board of Directors or these by-laws, an officer may remove any officer or
assistant officer appointed by that officer, at any time, with or without
cause and notwithstanding the contract rights, if any, of the officer
removed.  The appointment of an officer does not of itself create contract
rights.

D.  Resignation

     An officer may resign at any time by delivering notice to the
corporation that complies with the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law.  The
resignation shall be effective when the notice is delivered, unless the
notice specifies a later effective date and the corporation accepts the later
effective date.

E.  Vacancies

     A vacancy in any principal office because of death, resignation,
removal, disqualification or otherwise, shall be filled by the Board of
Directors for the unexpired portion of the term.  If a resignation of an
officer is effective at a later date as contemplated by Section 4.4 hereof,
the Board of 

Directors may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the Board
provides that the successor may not take office until the effective date.

F.  Chief Executive Officer

     The Board of Directors shall from time to time designate the Chairman,
if any, the Vice Chairman, if any, or the President as the Chief Executive
Officer of the corporation.  The President shall be the Chief Executive
Officer when the offices of Chairman and Vice Chairman are vacant, or when
the Board of Directors has not designated the Chairman, if any, or the Vice
Chairman, if any, as Chief Executive Officer.  Subject to the control of the
Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall in general supervise
and control all of the business and affairs of the corporation and<PAGE>
<PAGE>  11
shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer
and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from
time to time.

G.  Chairman

     The Chairman, if any, shall, when present, preside at all meetings of
the shareholders and the Board of Directors.  He or she shall have authority,
subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, to
appoint such agents and employees of the corporation as he or she shall deem
necessary, to prescribe their powers, duties and compensation, and to
delegate authority to them.  Such agents and employees shall hold office at
the discretion of the Chairman.  He or she shall have authority to sign,
execute and acknowledge, on behalf of the corporation, all deeds, mortgages,
bonds, stock certificates, contracts, leases, reports and all other documents
or instruments necessary or proper to be executed in the course of the
corporation's regular business, or which shall be authorized by resolution of
the Board of Directors; and, except as otherwise provided by law or the Board
of Directors, he or she may authorize any other officer or agent of the
corporation to sign, execute and acknowledge such documents or instruments in
his or her place and stead.  In general, he or she shall perform all duties
incident to the office of Chairman and such other duties as may be prescribed
by the Board of Directors from time to time.

H.  Vice Chairman

     The Vice Chairman, if any, shall have such authority and
responsibilities as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to
time.  In the absence of the Chairman, or in the event of the Chairman's
death or inability to act, or in the event for any reason it shall be
impracticable for the Chairman to act personally, the Vice Chairman shall
perform the duties of the Chairman, and when so acting, shall have all the
powers of and be subject to all of the restrictions upon the Chairman.  He or
she shall have authority, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors, to appoint such agents and employees of the corporation
as he or she shall deem necessary, to prescribe their powers, duties and
compensation, and to delegate authority to them.  Such agents shall hold
office at the discretion of the Vice Chairman.  He or she shall have
authority to sign, execute and acknowledge, on behalf of the corporation, all
deeds, mortgages, bonds, stock certificates, contracts, leases, reports and
all other documents or instruments necessary or proper to be executed in the
course of the corporation's regular business, or which shall be authorized by
resolution of the Board of Directors; and, except as otherwise provided by
law or the Board of Directors, he or she may authorize the President or other
officer or agent of the corporation to sign, execute and acknowledge such
documents or instruments in his or her place and stead.  In general, he or
she shall perform all duties incident to the office of Vice Chairman and such
other duties as may be prescribed by the Chairman or the Board of Directors
from time to time.

I.  President

     The President shall have such authority and responsibility as may be
prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.  In the absence of
the Vice Chairman, if any, or in the event of the Vice Chairman's death or
inability to act, or in the event for any reason it shall be impracticable
for the Vice Chairman to act personally, the President shall perform the
duties of the Vice Chairman, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of
and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Vice Chairman. He or she
shall have authority, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Board
of Directors, to appoint such agents and employees of the corporation as he
or she shall deem necessary, to prescribe their powers, duties and
compensation, and to delegate authority to them.  Such agents shall hold
office at the discretion of the President.  He or she shall have authority to
sign, execute and acknowledge, on behalf of the corporation, all deeds,
mortgages, bonds, stock certificates, contracts, leases, reports and<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12
all other documents or instruments necessary or proper to be executed in the
course of the corporation's regular business, or which shall be authorized by
resolution of the Board of Directors; and, except as otherwise provided by
law or the Board of Directors, he or she may authorize any other officer or
agent of the corporation to sign, execute and acknowledge such documents or
instruments in his or her place and stead.  In general, he or she shall
perform all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties
as may be prescribed by the Chairman, or Vice Chairman, if any, or the Board
of Directors from time to time.

J.  The Vice Presidents

     In the absence of the President, or in the event of the President's
death, inability or refusal to act, or in the event for any reason it shall
be impracticable for the President to act personally, the Vice President (or
in the event there be more than one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in
the order designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of any
designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of
the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be
subject to all the restrictions upon the President.  Any Vice President may
sign, with the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certificates for shares of
the corporation; and shall perform such other duties and have such authority
as from time to time may be delegated or assigned to him or her by the
Chairman or Vice Chairman, if any, by the President or the Board of
Directors.  The execution of any instrument of the corporation by any Vice
President shall be conclusive evidence, as to third parties, of his or her
authority to act in the stead of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman or the
President.

K.  The Secretary

     The Secretary shall: (a) keep minutes of the meetings of the
shareholders and of the Board of Directors (and of committees thereof) in one
or more books provided for that purpose (including records of actions taken
by the shareholders or the Board of Directors (or committees thereof) without
a meeting); (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the
provisions of these by-laws or as required by the Wisconsin Business
Corporation Law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of
the corporation and see that the seal of the corporation is affixed to all
documents the execution of which on behalf of the corporation under its seal
is duly authorized; (d) maintain a record of the shareholders of the
corporation, in a form that permits preparation of a list of the names and
addresses of all shareholders, by class or series of shares and showing the
number and class or series of shares held by each shareholder; (e) sign with
the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or a Vice President,
certificates for shares of the corporation, the issuance of which shall have
been authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors; (f) have general
charge of the stock transfer books of the corporation; and (g) in general
perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and have such other
duties and exercise such authority as from time to time may be delegated or
assigned by the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or the Board of
Directors.

L.  The Treasurer

     The Treasurer shall:  (a) have charge and custody of and be responsible
for all funds and securities of the corporation; (b) maintain appropriate
accounting records; (c) receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable
to the corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in
the name of the corporation in such banks, trust companies or other
depositaries as shall be selected in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5.4; and (d) in general perform all of the duties incident to the
office of Treasurer and have such other duties and exercise such other
authority as from time to time may be delegated or assigned by the Chairman,
the Vice Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.  If required by
the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give a bond for the<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13
faithful discharge of his or her duties in such sum and with such surety or
sureties as the Board of Directors shall determine.


M.  Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers

      There shall be such number of Assistant Secretaries and Assistant
Treasurers as the Board of Directors may from time to time authorize.  The
Assistant Secretaries may sign with the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the
President or a Vice President certificates for shares of the corporation the
issuance of which shall have been authorized by a resolution of the Board of
Directors.  The Assistant Treasurers shall respectively, if required by the
Board of Directors, give bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties in
such sums and with such sureties as the Board of Directors shall determine. 
The Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, in general, shall perform
such duties and have such authority as shall from time to time be delegated
or assigned to them by the Secretary or the Treasurer, respectively, or by
the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or the Board of Directors.

N.  Other Assistants and Acting Officers

     The Board of Directors shall have the power to appoint, or to authorize
any duly appointed officer of the corporation to appoint, any person to act
as assistant to any officer, or as agent for the corporation in his or her
stead, or to perform the duties of such officer whenever for any reason it is
impracticable for such officer to act personally, and such assistant or
acting officer or other agent so appointed by the Board of Directors or an
authorized officer shall have the power to perform all the duties of the
office to which he or she is so appointed to be an assistant, or as to which
he or she is so appointed to act, except as such power may be otherwise
defined or restricted by the Board of Directors or the appointing officer.


     ARTICLE V       CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS                
               AND DEPOSITS; SPECIAL CORPORATE ACTS

A.  Contracts

     The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, agent or
agents, to enter into any contract or execute or deliver any instrument in
the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such authorization may be
general or confined to specific instances.  In the absence of other
designation, all deeds, mortgages and instruments of assignment or pledge
made by the corporation shall be executed in the name of the corporation by
the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or one of the Vice Presidents
and by the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or an Assistant
Treasurer; the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, when necessary or
required, shall affix the corporate seal, if any, thereto; and when so
executed no other party to such instrument or any third party shall be
required to make any inquiry into the authority of the signing officer or
officers.

B.  Loans

     No indebtedness for borrowed money shall be contracted on behalf of the
corporation and no evidences of such indebtedness shall be issued in its name
unless authorized by or under the authority of a resolution of the Board of
Directors.  Such authorization may be general or confined to specific
instances.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14
C.  Checks, Drafts, etc

     All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or
other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation, shall
be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the corporation and
in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by or under the
authority of a resolution of the Board of Directors.


D.  Deposits

     All funds of the corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited
from time to time to the credit of the corporation in such banks, trust
companies or other depositaries as may be selected by or under the authority
of a resolution of the Board of Directors.

E.  Voting of Securities Owned by this Corporation

     Subject always to the specific directions of the Board of Directors,
(a) any shares or other securities issued by any other corporation and owned
or controlled by this corporation may be voted at any meeting of security
holders of such other corporation by the Chairman of this corporation if he
or she be present, or in his or her absence, by the Vice Chairman of this
corporation if he or she be present, or in his or her absence, by the
President of this corporation if he or she be present, or in his or her
absence by any Vice President of this corporation who may be present, and (b)
whenever, in the judgment of the Chairman, or in his or her absence, the Vice
Chairman, or in his or her absence, the President, or in his or her absence,
any Vice President, it is desirable for this corporation to execute a proxy
or written consent in respect to any shares or other securities issued by any
other corporation and owned by this corporation, such proxy or consent shall
be executed in the name of this corporation by the Chairman, the Vice
Chairman, the President or one of the Vice Presidents of this corporation,
without necessity of any authoriza-tion by the Board of Directors, affixation
of corporate seal, if any, or countersignature or attestation by another
officer.  Any person or persons designated in the manner above stated as the
proxy or proxies of this corporation shall have full right, power and
authority to vote the shares or other securities issued by such other
corporation and owned by this corporation the same as such shares or other
securities might be voted by this corporation.


      ARTICLE VI  CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES; TRANSFER OF SHARES

A.  Certificates for Shares

     Certificates representing shares of the corporation shall be in such
form, consistent with the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, as shall be
determined by the Board of Directors.  Such certificates shall be signed by
the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President or a Vice President and by the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.  All certificates for shares shall be
consecutively numbered or otherwise identified.  The name and address of the
person to whom the shares represented thereby are issued, with the number of
shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the stock transfer books of the
corporation.  All certificates surrendered to the corporation for transfer
shall be cancelled and no new certificate shall be issued until the former
certificate for a like number of shares shall have been surrendered and
cancelled, except as provided in Section 6.6.

B.  Facsimile Signatures and Seal

     The seal of the corporation on any certificates for shares may be a
facsimile.  The signature of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President
or Vice President and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary upon a certificate
may be facsimiles if the certificate is manually signed on behalf<PAGE>
<PAGE>  15
of a transfer agent, or a registrar, other than the corporation itself or an
employee of the corporation.

C.  Signature by Former Officers

     The validity of a share certificate is not affected if a person who
signed the certificate (either manually or in facsimile) no longer holds
office when the certificate is issued.


D.  Transfer of Shares

     Prior to due presentment of a certificate for shares for registration
of transfer the corporation may treat the registered owner of such shares as
the person exclusively entitled to vote, to receive notifications and
otherwise to have and exercise all the rights and power of an owner.  Where a
certificate for shares is presented to the corporation with a request to
register for transfer, the corporation shall not be liable to the owner or
any other person suffering loss as a result of such registration of transfer
if (a) there were on or with the certificate the necessary endorsements, and
(b) the corporation had no duty to inquire into adverse claims or has
discharged any such duty.  The corporation may require reasonable assurance
that such endorsements are genuine and effective and compliance with such
other regulations as may be prescribed by or under the authority of the Board
of Directors.

E.  Restrictions on Transfer

     The face or reverse side of each certificate representing shares shall
bear a conspicuous notation of any restriction imposed by the corporation
upon the transfer of such shares.

F.  Lost, Destroyed or Stolen Certificates

     Where the owner claims that certificates for shares have been lost,
destroyed or wrongfully taken, a new certificate shall be issued in place
thereof if the owner (a) so requests before the corporation has notice that
such shares have been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, (b) files with the
corporation a sufficient indemnity bond if required by the Board of Directors
or any principal officer, and (c) satisfies such other reasonable
requirements as may be prescribed by or under the authority of the Board of
Directors.

G.  Consideration for Shares

     The Board of Directors may authorize shares to be issued for
consideration consisting of any tangible or intangible property or benefit to
the corporation, including cash, promissory notes, services performed,
contracts for services to be performed or other securities of the
corporation.  Before the corporation issues shares, the Board of Directors
shall determine that the consideration received or to be received for the
shares to be issued is adequate.  The determination of the Board of Directors
is conclusive insofar as the adequacy of consideration for the issuance of
shares relates to whether the shares are validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.  The corporation may place in escrow shares issued in whole or
in part for a contract for future services or benefits, a promissory note, or
otherwise for property to be issued in the future, or make other arrangements
to restrict the transfer of the shares, and may credit distributions in
respect of the shares against their purchase price, until the services are
performed, the benefits or property are received or the promissory note is
paid.  If the services are not performed, the benefits or property are not
received or the promissory note is not paid, the corporation may cancel, in
whole or in part, the shares escrowed or restricted and the distributions
credited.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16
H.  Stock Regulations

     The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority to make all
such further rules and regulations not inconsistent with law as it may deem
expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of the
corporation.

  
                         ARTICLE VII SEAL

      The Board of Directors shall provide for a corporate seal for the
corporation which shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed thereon
the name of the corporation, the state of incorporation and the words
"Corporate Seal".

                   ARTICLE VIII  INDEMNIFICATION

     Provision of Indemnification.  The corporation shall, to the fullest
extent permitted or required by Sections 180.0850 to 180.0859, inclusive, of
the Wisconsin Business Corpora-tion Law, including any amendments thereto
(but in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent such amendment
permits or requires the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights
than prior to such amendment), indemnify its Directors and Officers against
any and all Liabilities, and advance any and all reasonable Expenses,
incurred thereby in any Proceeding to which any such Director of Officer is a
Party because he or she is or was a Director or Officer of the corporation. 
The corporation shall also indemnify an employee who is not a Director or
Officer, to the extent that the employee has been successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of a Proceeding, for all reasonable Expenses incurred in
the Proceeding if the employee was a Party because he or she is or was an
employee of the corporation.  The rights to indemnification granted hereunder
shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to indemnification against
Liabilities or the advancement of Expenses which a Director, Officer or
employee may be entitled under any written agreement, Board resolution, vote
of shareholders, the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law or otherwise.  The
corporation may, but shall not be required to, supplement the foregoing
rights to indemnification against Liabilities and advancement of Expenses
under this Section 8.1 by the purchase of insurance on behalf of any one or
more of such Directors, Officers or employees, whether or not the corporation
would be obligated to indemnify or advance Expenses to such Director, Officer
or employee under this Section 8.1.  All capitalized terms used in this
Article VIII and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 180.0850 of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law.


                       ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS

A.   By Shareholder

      Except as otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation and
these by-laws, the shareholders shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter,
change or repeal any of the by-laws of the corporation by the affirmative
vote of shareholders holding not less than a majority of the voting power of
the then outstanding shares of all classes of capital stock of the
corporation generally possession, voting rights present or represented at any
annual or special meeting of the shareholders at which a quorum is in
attendance.

B.  By Directors

     Except as otherwise provided by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law,
the articles of incorporation and these by-laws, the Board of Directors shall
have the power to adopt, amend, alter, change or repeal any of the by-laws of
the corporation by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
present at any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is in
attendance; but no by-law adopted by the shareholders shall be<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17
amended or repealed by the Board of Directors if the by-law so adopted so
provides.  The manner of adoption of these by-laws or any section or
provision thereof shall not be deemed to impair or negate the power of the
Board of Directors to adopt, amend, alter, change or repeal these by-laws as
provided herein.

C.  Implied Amendments

     Any action taken or authorized by the shareholders or by the Board of
Directors which would be inconsistent with the by-laws then in effect but
which is taken or authorized by affirmative vote of not less than the number
of shares or the number of directors required to amend the by-laws so that
the by-laws would be consistent with such action shall be given the same
effect as though the by-laws had been temporarily amended or suspended so
far, but only so far, as is necessary to permit the specific action so taken
or authorized.

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EX 4.11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                EXHIBIT 4-11
                     Citicorp Securities, Inc.

February 14, 1994

To:  The Lenders in the WICOR, Inc., Wisconsin Gas Company, and Sta-Rite
     Industries, Inc. Credit Agreements dated March 29, 1993

Re:  Extension Request


Ladies and Gentlemen:

WICOR, Wisconsin Gas and Sta-Rite Industries have each requested a one-year
extension of the Termination Date under Section 2.17 of their respective
credit agreements (attached).  If approved by all Lenders, the new
Termination Date as extended would be March 29, 1997 unless the Commitments
were terminated or reduced in whole pursuant to Sections 2.05 or 6.01.

Audited financial statements for each company are not available at this time. 
The companies have provided unaudited financial statements certified by a
senior financial officer, copies of which are enclosed with this letter. 
Audited financials will follow shortly as required under the extension
provisions.

would you please notify Citibank of your decision by March 17, 1994?  If you
approve the extension, please indicate your approval by signing at the
appropriate place at the bottom of the two copies of this letter.  Please
return both copies to me.  I will notify the banks of the outcome as soon as
all Lenders have responded.  If approved, the extension would be effective on
the anniversary date of the credit agreements, and I will send copies of all
the signatures for your files.

Should you have any questions, please call me at (212)559-6086.

Sincerely,

Emily J. Eisenlohr           Approved  By  Anita J. Brichell
Vice President                            -------------------
                               Title:       Vice President

attach                         Bank        Citibank, N.A.

                               Date        March 15, 1994

cc:  James J. Monnat
     Arthur R. Meyer<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EX 10.10
<TEXT>

      <PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                           EXHIBIT  10.10
                            WICOR, Inc.

               Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

                               1995



I.   Objectives

     The principal objectives of the Plan are:

     A.   To motivate and to provide incentive for key officers of WICOR to
          achieve superior operating results for the benefit of both
          customers and stockholders.

     B.   To assist in the retention of quality senior management.

     C.   To yield competitive total compensation levels when performance
          goals are attained.

     D.   To document the basis of participation by plan participants in
          subsidiary companies' incentive compensation plans, and to
          provide supplemental WICOR incentive compensation as required to
          achieve the above objectives.

II.  Eligibility

          Participation in the Plan is limited to designated WICOR
          corporate officers and subsidiary unit heads.  The Chief
          Executive Officer will be responsible for recommending
          eligibility changes to the Compensation Committee of the Board of
          Directors of WICOR, Inc.

III. Amount of Potential Award

     A.   The minimum, target and maximum award opportunities for each
          executive, as a percentage of base salary, are as follows:


                                  Award as Percent of Salary  
                                ------------------------------
                    Position      Minimum    Target   Maximum 
                 --------------  ---------  -------- ---------
                  CEO, WICOR        0%         50%     75.0%  
                  Others            0%         40%     60.0%  

  B. Each executive's award will be determined based on a combination
     of WICOR, subsidiary and individual performance, with specific
     weights as follows:

                                           Percentage         
                                          Of Award Determined By:  
                                          -----------------------------
                         WICOR    Subsidi-  Individ-
                        Perform-  ary Per-  ual Per-
                 Position          ance     formance  formance
               -------------      --------  --------  --------
                CEO, WICOR           75%       0%        25%  
                Subsidiary      
                  Unit Head          25%      50%        25%  
                CFO, WICOR           75%       0%        25%  

     Determination of the WICOR performance and individual performance
     portions of the award are described in Section IV of this
          document.  The Subsidiary performance portion is<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
          determined according to the Officer Incentive Compensation
          Plan for that subsidiary.

IV.  Performance Criteria and Objective Setting

  A. Overall WICOR performance will be measured by earnings per share. 
     Threshold, Target and Maximum EPS performance levels, and
     incentive awards corresponding to each performance level are as
     follows:

                       Perform-             Award As
                  Performance    ance As %    1995   % Of Tar-
                     Level       Of Target    EPS    get Award
               ----------------  ---------  -------- ---------
                Below Threshold    < 85%    < $2.00     0.0%  
                Threshold            85%      $2.00     1.0%  
                Target              100%    $2.34 -     100%  
                                  (budget)          
                Maximum or Above  120% or   $2.81 or    150%  
                           more      more 

     For performance at levels between Threshold and Target or between
     Target and Maximum, award calculations will be pro-rated on a
     linear basis.

  B. The individual component of total incentive compensation will be
     determined by the WICOR Compensation Committee based on
     recommendations from the CEO reflecting the individual's overall
     performance as measured against previously identified and agreed
     upon goals and objectives.  The award may vary up to 150% of the
     individual performance portion of the target award, and will be
     determined and paid independently of Corporate financial perfor-
     
     mance.

  C. If the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc. determines that
     corporate performance was inadequate, it may exercise discretion
     to reduce or eliminate any or all bonus payments.

V.   Performance Period

     Company performance goals will be for the 1995 calendar year.

VI.  Form and Timing of Award Payments

  A. Awards will be determined and paid as soon as practicable after
     the close of the Plan year.

  B. At each participant's discretion and with the concurrence of the
     Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc., awards may be paid in one
     of three ways:

     1.   Lump Sum

     2.   Partly in lump sum and the remainder in deferred annual
          installments.

     3.   Completely in deferred annual installments.

  C. The Company will offer a deferred payment option to those
     officers who prefer not to receive their awards in current cash,
          following these guidelines:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
     1.   Deferred incentive award payments will be carried as an
          accrued liability with an interest rate (three-year
          treasury bill rate) credited each year.

     2.   Deferred elections must be made prior to the end of the
          performance period, and a definite time period for deferral
          must be specified.

VII. Implementation

  A. The effective date of the Plan is January 1, 1995.


VIII.          Plan Administration

  A. Compensation Committee

     1.   The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee
          of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

     2.   The Committee's administration is subject to approval of
          the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

     3.   The decisions of the Board are final and binding on all
          Plan participants.

     4.   The Board retains the right to terminate or amend the Plan
          as it may deem advisable.

  B. Partial Year Participation:

     1.   Participants must be employed by the Company on the last
          day of the Plan year in order to receive a bonus for that
          year.  However, once earned, a bonus will be paid to a
          participant regardless of whether he/she is employed by the
          company on the date payment is made.

     2.   Awards for part year participants will be pro-rated based
          on the proportion of the year that the participant was in
          the Plan.  This includes participants who terminate
          employment due to death, disability or retirement.

     3.   Participants who terminate employment with the Company
          prior to the last day of the Plan year shall forfeit all
          rights to an incentive award payment under the Plan except
          for terminations due to death, retirement or disability.

     4.   A participant is deemed to be disabled if he/she becomes
          eligible for benefits under the Company's Long Term
                    Disability Plan.<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EX 10.12
<TEXT>

      <PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                EXHIBIT 10.12
                       Wisconsin Gas Company

               Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

                               1995



I.   Objectives

     The principal objectives of the Plan are:

     A.   To motivate and to provide incentive for key officers and
          executive management team (EMT) of Wisconsin Gas Company to
          achieve superior operating results for the benefit of both
          customers and stockholders.

     B.   To assist in the retention of quality senior management.

     C.   To yield competitive total compensation levels when performance
          goals are attained.  

II.  Eligibility

     Participation in the Plan is limited to designated corporate officers
     and EMT of Wisconsin Gas.  The Chief Executive Officer of WICOR will be
     responsible for recommending eligibility changes to the Compensation
     Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

III. Amount of Potential Award

     A.   The minimum, target and maximum award opportunities for each
          participant, as a percentage of base salary, are as follows:

                                          Award as % of Salary     
                                          ------------------------------
                   Position      Minimum    Target    Maximum 
               ---------------- ---------  --------  ---------
               President & CEO     0%         40%       60%   
               VP and EMT          0%         20%       30%   


  B. Only 50% of the President & CEO's award opportunity will be
     determined according to the provisions of this Plan.  Of that
     50%, 67% will be determined by Performance Plus and 33% will be
     determined by Net Income as a percentage of budget.  The remain-
     
     ing 50% will be determined based on the WICOR Officers' Incentive
     Compensation Plan.


IV.  Performance Criteria and Objective Setting

  A. Each executive's incentive award will be related to the
     achievement of Company performance goals, and a component
     reflecting individual performance.

  B. Total incentive opportunity is further based on the following
     measures:

     -    50% Performance Plus (Company-wide operational and
          financial incentive Plan)
     -    25% Net Income as a percentage of budget
               -    25% Individual<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2

     Therefore, 75% of the total bonus opportunity is based on
     operational and financial results and 25% is based on individual
     performance.

     The individual portion of the incentive payout will be based on
     the individual's overall performance as measured against
     previously identified and agreed upon goals and objectives.  The
     award may vary up to 150% of the individual performance portion
     of the target award, and will be determined and paid
     independently of Company financial performance.

  C. If the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc. determines that the
     Net Income level was inadequate or that services to customers did
     not meet corporate goals or standards developed, it may exercise
     discretion to reduce or eliminate any or all bonus payments.

V.   Performance Period

  Company performance goals will be for the 1995 calendar year.

VI.  Bonus Award Determination

  A. Performance Plus.  Each year management will recommend specific
     goals for safety, customer service and cost effectiveness. 
     Associated with various levels of performance for each goal will
     be a certain number of award points.  The cumulative total of
     these points adjusted by a "multiplier", based on Net Income as a
     percent of budget, will determine the formula payout under this
     portion of the Plan.

     For 1995, the performance measures and related points and the
     "multiplier" are set forth in Exhibit I.

  B. Net Income as a Percentage of Budget

     Actual net income as a percentage of budget will generate
     incentive compensation equal to 25% of the target award
     multiplied by the following percentages:

                  <TABLE>       
                  <CAPTION>     
                                     Net Income Award Determination      
                                     --------------------------------------------
                           Net Income
                            as % of    % of Target
                   Performance Level      Budget     Awarded  
                  -------------------   ---------- -----------
                  <S>                     <C>        <C>      
                  Less than Threshold     < 85%        0.0%   
                  Threshold                 85%        1.0%   
                  Target                   100%      100.0%   
                  Maximum                  120%      150.0%   

                  </TABLE>           

     For performance at levels between Threshold and Target or between
     Target and Maximum, award calculations will be pro-rated on a
     linear basis.

     For 1995, the amount of targeted net income is set forth in
     Exhibit I.

  C. Total performance awards will be calculated by combining the
     payouts from Performance Plus, Net Income and Individual
          Components.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3

VII. Form and Timing of Award Payments

  A. Awards will be determined and paid as soon as practicable after
     the close of the Plan year.

  B. At each participant's discretion and with the concurrence of the
     Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc., awards may be paid in one
     of three ways:

     1.   Lump Sum

     2.   Partly in lump sum, and the remainder in deferred annual
          installments.

     3.   Completely in deferred annual installments.

  C. The Company will offer a deferred payment option to those
     participants who prefer not to receive their awards in current
     cash, following these guidelines:

     1.   Deferred incentive award payments will be carried as an
          accrued liability with an interest rate (three-year
          treasury bill rate) credited each year.

     2.   Deferral elections must be made prior to the end of the
          performance period, and a definite time period for deferral
          must be specified.

VIII.  Plan Administration

  A. Compensation Committee:

     1.   The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee
          of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

     2.   The Committee's administration is subject to approval of
          the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

     3.   The decisions of the Board are final and binding on all
          Plan participants.

     4.   The Board retains the right to terminate or amend the Plan
          as it may deem advisable.

     5.   In evaluating actual Company performance results in
          comparison with pre-established objectives established for
          the Plan year, and in establishing resulting incentive
          compensation levels, the Compensation Committee, at their
          sole discretion, may take unusual and unique factors into
          consideration as they deem appropriate.  Similarly, the
          Committee may modify performance targets during the course
          of a  Plan year if significant change takes place which
          would affect the measure.

     6.   It shall be the Committee's responsibility to review the
          overall reasonableness of incentive compensation paid to
          participants of this Plan in relation to overall services
          performed and results obtained by the Company during the
          Plan year.  The Committee shall make its determination on
          the basis of its judgement as to what constitutes
          satisfactory performance with respect to the fulfillment of
          the Company's mission or charter.  Issues to be considered
          shall include, but not be limited to the
          following:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
          a.   Quality and level of service provided to customers.

          b.   Health and safety considerations.

          c.   Maintenance of specific required standards of
               performance.

          d.   Representation of shareholders' interests (including
               Rate of Return achieved compared to allowed).

     Based upon this review, the incentive compensation paid to
     participants may be reduced or withheld so that the total
     compensation paid will be reasonable in relation to services
     performed.  The decisions of the Committee are final and binding
     on all parties.

  B. Partial Year Participation:

     1.   Participants must be employed by the Company on the last
          day of the Plan year in order to receive a bonus for that
          year.  However, once earned, a bonus will be paid to a
          participant regardless of whether he/she is employed by the
          Company on the date payment is made.

     2.   Awards for part year participants will be pro-rated based
          on the proportion of the year that the participant was in
          the Plan.  This includes participants who terminate
          employment due to death, disability or retirement.

     3.   Participants who terminate employment with the Company
          prior to the last day of the Plan year shall forfeit all
          rights to an incentive award payment under the Plan except
          for terminations due to death, retirement or disability.

     4.   A participant is deemed to be disabled if he/she becomes
          eligible for benefits under the Company's Long Term
          Disability Plan.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5
                                                          Exhibit I
                       Wisconsin Gas Company
                    Incentive Compensation Plan
                     Formula Performance Goals
                               1995


Performance Plus*                                                             
       

                                          Maximum 
                                          Points  
1.   Rate Improvement
          Improvement in Residential Rates               5    

2.   Customer Service
     Favorability/Customer Satisfaction                  5    
                                                                   
3.   Safety                                              5    

4.   Cost Effectiveness
     Operation & Maintenance Expense                     5    

5.   Competitiveness
     Margin Rate Reductions                              5    
                                        ----------
  Maximum Total Points (Target = 15 points)             25    
                                        ==========
6.   Multiplier

                      Net Income as % of Budget    Multiplier 
                      -------------------------   ------------
                           Less than 85%             0.0000   
                                85%                  0.0100   
                                90%                  0.3333   
                                95%                  0.6667   
                               100%                  1.0000   
                               110%                  1.2500   
                               120%                  1.5000   


* This is a summarization of the Performance Plus Plan which will govern
  the actual calculation of the payout amounts.


Net Income as a % of Budget


                    Minimum             (85%)     $19,690,000 

                    Target             (100%)     $23,165,000 

                    Maximum            (120%)     $27,798,000 <PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EX 10.17
<TEXT>

      <PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                               EXHIBIT 10.17
                     Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.

               Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

                               1995



I.   Objectives

     The principal objectives of the Plan are:

     A.   To motivate and to provide incentive for key officers of Sta-Rite
          to achieve superior operating results for the benefit of both
          customers and stockholders.

     B.   To assist in the retention of quality senior management.

     C.   To yield competitive total compensation levels when performance
          goals are attained.

II.  Eligibility

     Participation in the Plan is limited to designated officers of Sta-Rite
     Industries, Inc.  The Chief Executive Officer, WICOR will be
     responsible for recommending eligibility changes to the Compensation
     Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.


III. Amount of Potential Award

     A.   The minimum, target and maximum award opportunities for each
          officer level position, as a percentage of base salary, are as
          follows:

                                          Award as Percent of Base Salary
                                          -------------------------------
                 Position        Minimum     Target   Maximum 
            -----------------            -----------  -------- ---------
            President and CEO       0%         40%     60.0%  
            VP                      0%         30%     45.0%  

  B. Only 50% of the President and CEO's award opportunity will be
     determined according to the provisions of this Plan.  Of that
     50%, 67% will be determined by Net Income and 33% will be
     determined by Return on Assets.  The remaining 50% will be
     determined based on the WICOR Officers' Incentive Compensation
     Plan.

IV.  Performance Criteria and Objective Setting

  A. Participants' bonus opportunity is based on consolidated Company
     performance.

  B. Total bonus opportunity is further based on the following:

     -    50% net earnings (dollars)
     -    25% return on total assets
     -    25% individual

     Therefore, 75% of the total bonus opportunity is based on
     financial results (formula); and 25% is based on individual
          performance.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2

     The individual portion of the incentive payout will be based on
     the individual's overall performance as measured against
     previously identified and agreed upon goals and objectives.  The
     award may vary up to 150% of the individual performance portion
     of the target award, and will be determined and paid indepen-
     
     dently of Company financial performance.

  C. If the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc. determines that
     corporate performance was inadequate, it may exercise discretion
     to reduce or eliminate any or all bonus payments.

  D. Formula bonus objectives are:

     1.   Total Company

          A.   Net earnings:  defined as absolute dollars of
               reported net earnings (after-tax) of the Company for
               the Plan year.

          B.   Return on total assets:  defined as reported net
               earnings (after-tax) divided by average (twelve
               months) total assets (both current and non-current)
               of the Company for the Plan year.

     2.   The specific target levels will be changed from year to
          year to reflect the changing emphasis of the business plan. 
          Specific target levels for 1995 are set forth on Exhibit I.

V.   Performance Period

  Company performance goals will be for the 1995 calendar year.

VI.  Bonus Award Determination

  A. Each year management will establish appropriate formula perfor-
     
     mance levels for minimum, target and maximum bonus awards.

  B. As noted in Section III A, the target bonus amount for the
     President and CEO is 40% of salary and the target bonus for all
     other officers is 30% of salary.

  C. Bonus awards for formula and discretionary portions will be
     evaluated and computed separately.

     1.   Formula bonus awards will be determined based on achieving
          the performance levels indicated in the following schedule:

                     Level of   
                 Performance        Objective     Percent of  
                    Level           Achieved    Target Awarded
               ------------------- -----------  --------------
               Less than Treshold     < 79%           0.0%    
               Threshold                79%           1.0%    
               Target                  100%         100.0%    
               Maximum                 120%         150.0%    

          For performance between Threshold and Target or between
          Target and Maximum, award calculations will be pro-rated on
          a linear basis.

VII. Form and Timing of Award Payments

  A. Awards will be determined and paid as soon as practical after the
          close of the Plan year.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3

  B. At each participant's discretion and with the concurrence of the
     Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc., awards may be paid in one
     of three ways:

     1.   Lump sum.

     2.   Partly in lump sum, and the remainder in deferred annual
          installments.

     3.   Completely in deferred annual installments.

  C. The Company will offer a deferred payment option to those
     officers who prefer not to receive their awards in current cash,
     following these guidelines:

     1.   Deferred incentive award payments will be carried as an
          accrued liability with an interest rate (three-year
          treasury bill rate) credited each year.

     2.   Deferral elections must be made prior to the end of the
          performance period, and a definite time period for deferral
          must be specified.

VIII.        Plan Administration

  A. Compensation Committee:

     1.   The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee
          of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc. ("Committee").

     2.   The Committee's administration is subject to approval of
          the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

     3.   The decisions of the board are final and binding on all
          participants.

     4.   The Board retains the right to terminate or amend the Plan
          as it may deem advisable.

  B. Partial Year Participation:

     1.   Participants must be employed by the Company on the last
          day of the Plan year in order to receive an incentive award
          for that year.  However, once earned, the award will be
          paid to a participant regardless of whether he/she is
          employed by the Company on the date payment is made.

     2.   Awards for part year participants will be pro-rated based
          on the proportion of the year that the participant was in
          the Plan.  This includes participants who terminate
          employment due to death, disability or retirement.

     3.   Participants who terminate employment with the Company
          prior to the last day of the Plan year shall forfeit all
          rights to an incentive award payment under the Plan except
          for terminations due to death, retirement or disability.

     4.   A participant is deemed to be disabled if he/she becomes
          eligible for benefits under the Company's Long Term
                    Disability Plan.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4

                                      Exhibit I

                     Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.
                    Incentive Compensation Plan
                 Formula Performance Goals   1995




       Performance Goal:  Net Earnings ($000) Return an Assets
       -----------------  ------------------- ----------------
       Minimum                  $ 9,900             5.5%      
       Target                   $12,500             6.9%      
       Maximum                  $15,000             8.3%      <PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EX 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                EXHIBIT 13
                         GENERAL OVERVIEW

     WICOR has two significant business segments: gas distribution and
manufacturing. Gas distribution is the primary business, as it accounted for
64% of consolidated revenues and 67% of consolidated operating income in
1994. However, the manufacturing segment has grown significantly in recent
years with operating income more than doubling since 1992.
     WICOR earnings were $33.2 million in 1994, or $1.99 per share of common
stock, compared with $29.3 million, or $1.82 per share in 1993, and $22.8
million, or $1.47 per share in 1992 ($14.8 million, or $0.96 per share after
the cumulative effect of accounting changes).
     Gas sales volumes decreased in 1994, despite substantial customer
additions, primarily as a result of warmer than normal weather, after having
increased in 1993 as a result of colder weather and customer additions in
1992 and 1993. Manufacturing operations in 1994 continued to show significant
improvement as a result of more favorable economic conditions, continuing
strong international sales, and new product introductions.
     Net cash flows from operations for the years 1992 through 1994 totalled
$144.0 million. Cash proceeds from the $92.2 million net increase in long-
term debt, common stock and short-term debt, along with the net cash flows
from operations provided most of the funding for $178.8 million of capital
expenditures and $64.2 million of dividends for that three year period.
Segment data for WICOR's operations are summarized below in millions of
dollars.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Operating Revenues                          1994      1993      1992  
-----------------------------             --------  --------  --------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>     
Gas distribution                          $ 556.6   $ 574.8   $ 495.4 
Manufacturing                               311.2     274.7     252.0 
                                          --------  --------  --------
                                          $ 867.8   $ 849.5   $ 747.4 
                                          ========  ========  ========

Depreciation and Amortization               1994      1993      1992  
-----------------------------             --------  --------  --------
Gas distribution                          $  37.4   $  34.8   $  30.5 
Manufacturing                                 9.7       8.9       9.7 
                                          --------  --------  --------
                                          $  47.1   $  43.7   $  40.2 
                                          ========  ========  ========

Operating Income                            1994      1993      1992  
-----------------------------             --------  --------  --------
Gas distribution                          $  44.4   $  46.2   $  43.3 
Manufacturing                                22.2      17.8      10.0 
                                          --------  --------  --------
                                          $  66.6   $  64.0   $  53.3 
                                          ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Estimated              Actual 
Capital Expenditures             1995       1994      1993      1992  
----------------------------- ----------  --------  --------  --------
<S>                           <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>     
Gas distribution              $    49.7   $  44.6   $  42.3   $  62.1 
Manufacturing                      20.3      10.5       9.6       9.8 
                              ----------  --------  --------  --------
                              $    70.0   $  55.1   $  51.9   $  71.9 
                              ==========  ========  ========  ========
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Identifiable Assets                         1994      1993      1992  
------------------------------            --------  --------  --------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>     
Gas distribution                          $ 707.9   $ 737.2   $ 634.6 
Manufacturing                               222.8     196.5     191.2 
                                          --------  --------  --------
                                          $ 930.7   $ 933.7   $ 825.8 
                                          ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>


                       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Gas Distribution --

     Although sales margins increased in 1994, they were offset by higher
levels of operating expenses, resulting in a decrease in operating income as
compared with 1993. The 1994 earnings reflect a 10.1% return on weighted
average utility common equity. A $10.1 million or 4.9% annual margin rate
decrease, became effective on November 14, 1994. That rate order also
retained the authorized return on utility common equity of 11.8%. Margins
benefited in 1993 from rate increases effective in November 1992 and November
1993. 
     Revenues, margins and volumes are summarized below. Margin, defined as
revenues less cost of gas, is a better comparative performance indicator than
revenues. Transportation service revenues are recorded at the same margin as
sales with no corresponding cost of gas amount. Therefore, for a given rate
class, the volume mix between sales and transportation service affects
revenues but not margin. In addition, changes in cost of gas flow through to
revenue under a gas adjustment clause, with no effect on margin.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Millions of Dollars)                       1994      1993      1992  
-------------------------                 --------  --------  --------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>     
Gas sales revenue                         $ 550.0   $ 565.1   $ 485.3 
Cost of gas sold                            357.5     382.0     319.4 
Gas sales margin                            192.5     183.1     165.9 
Gas transportation margin                     6.6       9.7      10.1 
                                          --------  --------  --------
Total margin                              $ 199.1   $ 192.8   $ 176.0 
                                          ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Millions of Therms)                        1994      1993      1992  
-------------------------                 --------  --------  --------     
<S>                                         <C>       <C>       <C>   
Sales volumes                                                              
  Firm                                        795       823       782 
  Interruptible                               282       208       174 
Transport volumes                             119       174       214 
                                          --------  --------  --------
Total throughput                            1,196     1,205     1,170 
                                          ========  ========  ========
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3

     Total gas margin increased by 3% and 10% in 1994 and 1993,
respectively. The increase in 1994 was due to 1993 rate increases which were
offset by the impact of lower volume sales and the 1994 rate decrease. Lower
volumes in 1994 were primarily due to weather which was 5% warmer than 1993.
Assuming normal weather in 1994 WICOR earnings would have been approximately
$0.26 per share higher. The increase in 1993 gas margins was due primarily to
rate increases in 1993 and 1992 and to increased sales volumes. Weather in
1993 which was 1% colder than 1992 and a 3% increase in residential customers
helped to increase the 1993 sales volumes. In 1994 and 1993 a number of
industrial customers switched between interruptible sales and transportation
services. There is no impact on margins from the switching activity.
     Operation and maintenance expenses increased by $6.1 million or 6% in
1994. The increase was in large measure due to increases in uncollectible
receivables expense ($2.8 million) and amortization of business system
software costs ($1.6 million). These increases in expenses are being
recovered in rates on an annual basis under the November 1993 rate order.
Included in 1994 operations expense is a one-time charge of $2.7 million
relating to the election by 131 employees of an early retirement option.
Savings in 1994 from these retirements have been realized and have offset
this charge. Operation and maintenance expenses increased by $10.9 million or
11% in 1993. The increase was primarily due to higher costs for employee
benefits, business systems software amortization, conservation programs, and
uncollectible receivables. These additional costs are being recovered as a
result of the 1992 and 1993 rate orders.

Manufacturing Operations  --

     Manufacturing operating income in 1994 was $22.2 million compared with
$17.8 million in 1993 and $10.0 million in 1992. The improvements were
primarily the result of increased sales. Sales in 1994 were $311.2 million,
an increase of 13% over 1993. International sales improved by 21% and
domestic sales also contributed to the increase. Significant sales
improvements were noted in the water systems, pool and spa, recreational
vehicle, marine, and industrial markets.
     Sales in 1993 were $274.7 million, an increase of 9% over 1992 sales of
$252.0 million. Improvements were noted in sales of water systems, drainers
and environmental pumps as well as pumps for the food service, marine, water
purification and industrial markets. The improved economy and favorable
weather conditions also were significant factors contributing to the
increase.
     International and export sales represented 37% of manufacturing sales
in 1994 and 34% in both 1993 and 1992. The increase in 1994 is primarily
related to sales growth that occurred in the Company's Australian and
European markets.
     Operating expenses increased in 1994 by 11% over 1993 primarily as a
result of increased sales. As a percentage of sales, however, 1994 operating
expenses declined slightly from 1993. Operating expenses decreased by 2% in
1993, despite the 9% increase in sales. Much of the 1993 savings was
generated through administrative personnel reductions in 1992 and 1993.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Bar chart of WICOR Operating Income by segment
                       (millions of dollars)

                           1990    1991   1992    1993   1994 
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
<S>                       <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>   
Gas distribution          $ 34.9  $ 39.5 $ 43.3  $ 46.2 $ 44.4
Maunufacturing               9.7    11.7   10.0    17.8   22.2
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                          $ 44.6  $ 51.2 $ 53.3  $ 64.0 $ 66.6
                          ======  ====== ======  ====== ======
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4

Interest Expense, Other Income and Expenses and Income Taxes  --

     The 1994 decrease in interest expense as compared to 1993 was due
primarily to a September 1993 long-term debt refinancing and to reduced
levels of short-term borrowings. Both interest income and interest expense
declined in 1993 as a result of lower interest rates. 
     Income tax expense decreased in 1994 despite the increase in pre-tax
book income. The effective income tax rate was reduced in 1994 primarily as a
result of utilizing foreign tax incentives and the settlement of disputed tax
matters. Income tax expense increased in 1993 primarily as a result of higher
pre-tax book income and a 1% increase in the federal tax rate to 35%
effective January 1, 1993. 

Accounting Changes  --

  The cumulative effect of accounting changes 
related to the recording of income taxes and postretirement benefits totaled
$8.0 million in 1992. The impact of adopting these two accounting changes,
effective January 1, 1992, is discussed in Notes 3 and 9.

Effects of Changing Prices  --

     It is management's view that changes in the rate of inflation have not
had a significant effect on WICOR's income over the past three years.
Inflationary increases have been recovered through price increases or
productivity improvements.
     In November 1994, Wisconsin Gas received approval from the Public
Service Commission of Wisconsin (PSCW) to use an alternative method of
ratemaking that includes a three year margin rate cap. After reviewing the
impact of the margin rate cap and other factors, management believes that
productivity improvements are likely to offset the impact of inflationary
cost increases. This alternative method is discussed on page 22 under
"Regulatory Matters."

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Bar chart of WICOR Return on Average Common Equity
          before cumulative effects of accounting changes

                           1990    1991   1992    1993   1994 
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
     <S>                    <C>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>  
     Percent                6.8%    9.5%   9.2%   11.2%  11.6%
</TABLE>


                  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Over the last three years, the Company has generated sufficient cash
flows from operations to cover operating expenses, dividends, and a portion
of investment activities. Cash flow from operations increased to $103.6
million in 1994, compared with $3.4 million in 1993 and $37.0 million in
1992. The comparative increase and decrease in cash flow in 1994 and 1993,
respectively, are primarily due to funds used by Wisconsin Gas to purchase
its initial inventory of gas held in storage. As discussed under regulatory
matters, one of the impacts of Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)
Order No. 636 is that utilities such as Wisconsin Gas must assume the
responsibility for purchasing gas supplies and maintaining gas in storage.
Previously, the pipelines performed those functions. 

Investment Activities  --

     Capital expenditures increased by $3.1 million in 1994 after decreasing
by $20.0 million in 1993 and increasing by $26.8 million in 1992. Utility
expenditures returned to more normal levels in 1994 and 1993 following
completion of a major expansion project in 1992. Both utility capital
expenditures and manufacturing capital expenditures are expected to increase
in 1995, and most likely will be funded from operations.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5
     In July 1993, WICOR merged with Shurflo by exchanging approximately $27
million of WICOR stock for the outstanding common stock of Shurflo. See Note
2 for a further discussion of this transaction. The Company, either directly
or through its subsidiaries, has invested $0.1 million, $2.1 million, and
$9.8 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively, in other acquisition
activity. 
     In January 1995, WICOR sold its interest in Filtron Technology Corp., a
manufacturer of filtration products for approximately $5 million.
     In January 1992, the PSCW issued an order prescribing an equity-based
formula for determining the limitation on non-utility investments. As of
December 31, 1994, WICOR would be permitted to invest an additional $78.7
million in nonutility investments under this order. Nonutility subsidiaries
can also borrow additional amounts for acquisitions within certain PSCW
guidelines (See Note 6).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Bar chart of Annual Degree Days
                   % warmer than 20-year average

                           1990    1991   1992    1993   1994 
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
<S>                        <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>    <C> 
% warmer                   16.0%   10.8%   6.4%    4.1%   9.0%

</TABLE>

Financing Activities  --

     The Company does not anticipate the need to issue any long-term debt in
1995, but it may, in 1996, refinance $50.0 million of notes issued by
Wisconsin Gas that are due in 1997. During 1993, Wisconsin Gas issued $45
million of 6.6% Notes due in 2013, the proceeds of which were used to
refinance $45 million of first mortgage bonds which had higher interest
rates. There were no issues of long-term debt in 1992. The Company's debt
portion of capitalization decreased to 36% in 1994 as compared to 38% in 1993
and 40% in 1992. The utility's embedded cost of long-term debt was 8.1%,
8.9%, and 9.2% at December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.
     WICOR raised its dividend by 3% in 1994, 1993, and 1992. The current
annual dividend rate is $1.60 per share. At December 31, 1994 the Company had
$57.4 million of unrestricted retained earnings available for dividend
payments to shareholders.
     In October 1992, the Company established the WICOR Plan which allows
customers, shareholders, employees, Wisconsin residents and certain suppliers
to purchase WICOR common stock directly and through dividend reinvestment
without paying fees or service charges. During 1994 and 1993, respectively,
511,000 and 685,000 shares of common stock were issued through the WICOR Plan
and through various employee benefit plans. These stock issuances provided
funds to the Company of $10.6 million and $16.7 million. Beginning in 1995,
it is anticipated that the share requirements for the WICOR Plan will be met
through open market purchases of common stock.
     As described in Note 6, a November 1993 PSCW rate order retained
certain limitations with respect to equity levels and dividend payments of
Wisconsin Gas. Restrictions imposed by the PSCW are not expected to have any
material effect on WICOR's ability to meet its cash obligations. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Bar chart of Manufacturing International and Export Sales
                        millions of dollars

                           1990    1991   1992    1993   1994 
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
     <S>                  <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>   
     Dollars              $ 64.9  $ 75.5 $ 85.9  $ 93.8 $114.2

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6

     Wisconsin Gas' ratio of pre-tax earnings to fixed charges was 2.9 in
1994 and 1993 and 2.8 in 1992, as earnings and fixed charges remained
somewhat constant.
     Access to the credit markets and the costs associated therewith can be
correlated to credit quality. The utility's unsecured bond rating was
increased in 1993 by Moody's Investors Service from A1 to Aa3. The rating
from Standard & Poor's Corporation remained at AA-. Such ratings are not a
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, but rather an indication of
credit worthiness.
     The following is a summary of the meanings of the ratings shown above
and the relative rank of the Company's rating within each agency's
classification system. Moody's top four corporate bond ratings (Aaa, Aa, A
and Baa) are generally considered "investment grade." Obligations which are
rated "Aa" are judged to be of high quality by all standards. Together with
the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade bonds. Aa
securities are rated lower than the Aaa rated bonds because margins of
protection may not be as large as in Aaa securities or fluctuation of
protective elements may be of greater amplitude or there may be other
elements present which make the long-term risk appear somewhat larger than
the Aaa securities. A numerical modifier ranks the security within the
category with a "1" indicating the high end, a "2" indicating the midrange
and a "3" indicating the low end of the category. Standard & Poor's top four
corporate bond ratings (AAA, AA, A and BBB) are considered "investment
grade." Based on Standard & Poor's rating system, debt rated "AA" has a very
strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal and differs from the
highest rated issues only in small degree. A plus (+) or minus (-) sign may
be used after Standard & Poor's ratings to designate the relative position of
a credit rating within the rating category.
     Commercial paper carrying an A-1+ rating by Standard & Poor's
Corporation and P-1 by Moody's Investors Service is routinely issued by
Wisconsin Gas as needed to finance seasonal working capital needs,
principally customer receivables and gas in storage. Such ratings are not a
recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities, but rather an indication of
credit worthiness. Moody's top three short-term debt ratings (P-1, P-2 and P-
3) are generally considered investment grade and are intended to indicate the
relative repayment ability of related issuers. According to Moody's rating
system, short-term debt rated "P-1" has a superior ability for repayment of
senior short-term debt obligations. The utility had no short-term debt
outstanding for two months in 1994.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              Bar chart of WICOR Capital Expenditures
                        millions of dollars

                           1990    1991   1992    1993   1994 
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
<S>                       <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>   
Gas distribution          $ 28.0  $ 34.6 $ 62.1  $ 42.3 $ 44.6
Manufacturing                8.3    10.5    9.8     9.6   10.5
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                          $ 36.3  $ 45.1 $ 71.9  $ 51.9 $ 55.1
                          ======  ====== ======  ====== ======
</TABLE>

     In March 1993, WICOR and its subsidiaries renewed a three-year
revolving credit agreement, including separate agreements for $25 million for
WICOR, $30 million for Wisconsin Gas, and $15 million for Sta-Rite. In 1994
the revolving credit agreement was extended an additional year to March 1997.
In 1993, Sta-Rite renewed a $25 million commercial paper issuance facility.
Commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 1994 and 1993 was $94.6 million
and $117.1 million, respectively.
     The Company believes that it has adequate capacity to fund its
operations for the foreseeable future through its borrowing arrangements and
internally generated cash. <PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

Regulatory Matters  --

     In July 1993, Wisconsin Gas submitted an incentive rate making proposal
to the PSCW. In its November 1994 rate order, the PSCW significantly modified
the Wisconsin Gas proposal. Under the PSCW rate order, Wisconsin Gas rates
are subject to a three year margin rate cap (through October 1997) based on
the rates approved in November 1993. The PSCW order also specified margin
rate floors for each rate class. Wisconsin Gas has the ability to raise or
lower margin rates within the specified range on a quarterly basis. The rates
at December 31, 1994 are at the top of the range. In addition, the PSCW order
required Wisconsin Gas to reduce its rates by $10.1 million, on an annual
basis, to reflect a reduction in certain non-cash expenses. Over a twelve
month period, beginning with the effective date of the order, this rate
reduction will result in no net income impact, but will reduce cash flow. The
rate order was effective November 14, 1994. Under the purchased gas
adjustment provision of its rate schedules, Wisconsin Gas continues to
recover the actual purchased gas costs it incurs. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 Bar chart of WICOR Capitalization
                              percent

                           1990    1991   1992    1993   1994 
                          ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
<S>                       <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>   
Long-term debt             35.4%   40.9%  40.1%   37.9%  35.7%
Common stock               64.6%   59.1%  59.9%   62.1%  64.3%

</TABLE>
 
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 71 "Accounting
for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation" provides that rate-regulated
public utilities such as Wisconsin Gas record certain costs and credits
allowed in the ratemaking process in different periods than would be required
for unregulated businesses. These costs and credits are deferred as
regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and are recorded on the income
statement at the time they are recognized in rates. SFAS No. 71 continues to
be applicable to Wisconsin Gas in that its rates are approved by a third
party regulator and are designed to recover its cost of service. Wisconsin
Gas believes its current cost based rates are competitive in the current
environment.
     In April 1992, the FERC issued Order No. 636 requiring interstate
pipelines to "unbundle" their services. As a result, Wisconsin Gas purchases
gas supplies separately from interstate transportation services. The utility
has greater responsibility for managing its gas supply in a more competitive
market. Variable-term market sensitive contracts and the increased use of gas
in storage are being used to assure future supply. In spite of severely cold
weather in January 1994, Wisconsin Gas was able to meet the needs of its
customers under these changing conditions.
     Pipelines have been allowed to pass through to local gas distributors
various costs incurred in the transition to Order No. 636. The PSCW has
authorized that such costs that have been passed through to Wisconsin Gas be
recovered in rates charged to customers. Although complete assurance cannot
be given, it is believed that any additional future transition costs will
also be recoverable from customers.


Environmental Matters  --

  Wisconsin Gas is in the process of preparing a remedial action options
report and recommendation for presentation to the Wisconsin Department of
Natural Resources concerning two previously owned sites on which it operated
manufactured gas plants. Wisconsin Gas currently anticipates that the costs
incurred in the remediation effort will be recoverable from insurers or
through rates and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's
liquidity or results of operations. <PAGE>
<PAGE>  8
     The manufacturing segment has provided reserves believed sufficient to
cover its estimated costs related to contamination associated with Sta-Rite's
manufacturing facilities. (See Note 7 for a more detailed discussion of these
matters.)<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9

    TO THE SHAREHOLDERS AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF WICOR, INC.:

  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
statements of capitalization of WICOR, Inc. (a Wisconsin corporation) and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated
statements of income, common equity and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 1994.  These financial statements are
the responsibility of WICOR Inc.'s management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of WICOR, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.
  As discussed in Notes 3 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
effective January 1, 1992, WICOR Inc. changed its methods of accounting for
income taxes and postretirement benefits other than pensions.




Milwaukee, Wisconsin                    Arthur Andersen  LLP
February 2, 1995
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars,
  Except per Share Amounts)
          Year Ended December 31,            1994         1993        1992   
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>         <C>       
Operating Revenues                                  
  Gas distribution                        $ 556,587    $ 574,835   $ 495,415 
  Manufacturing                             311,168      274,693     251,994 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
                                            867,755      849,528     747,409 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Operating Costs and Expenses
  Cost of gas sold                          357,482      382,027     319,377 
  Manufacturing cost of sales               222,679      197,297     180,388 
  Operations and maintenance                181,820      169,068     159,009 
  Depreciation and amortization              29,416       28,044      26,650 
  Taxes, other than income taxes              9,748        9,141       8,670 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
                                            801,145      785,577     694,094 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Operating Income                             66,610       63,951      53,315 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
  Interest expense                          (16,698)     (17,428)    (18,126)
  Other income and expenses                     574          266       1,124 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Income Before Income Taxes                   50,486       46,789      36,313 
  Income taxes                               17,312       17,476      13,549 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Income Before Cumulative Effects of
  Accounting Changes                         33,174       29,313      22,764 
Cumulative effects of accounting changes:
  Postretirement benefits other than
     pensions (net of $4.1 million 
     income tax benefit)                          -            -      (6,165)
  Income taxes                                    -            -      (1,800)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Net Income                                $  33,174    $  29,313   $  14,799 
                                          ==========   ==========  ==========

Per Share of Common Stock
Income before cumulative effects
  of accounting changes                   $    1.99    $    1.82   $    1.47 
Cumulative effect of accounting change
  for postretirement benefits                     -            -       (0.40)
Cumulative effect of accounting change
  for income taxes                                -            -       (0.11)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Net Income                                $    1.99    $    1.82   $    0.96 
                                          ==========   ==========  ==========

Cash dividends                            $    1.58    $    1.54   $    1.50 
Average Common Shares Outstanding (000's)    16,708       16,096      15,490 

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  11
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars) December 31,          1994         1993   
                                          ----------   ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>       
Assets
Current Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents               $  35,138    $  22,953 
  Accounts receivable, less allowance
     for doubtful accounts of $9,233
     and $9,351, respectively               103,487      111,408 
  Accrued utility revenues                   40,327       53,483 
  Manufacturing inventories                  60,239       58,079 
  Gas in storage, at weighted average cost   38,050       44,697 
  Deferred income taxes                      15,540       10,005 
  Prepayments and other                      19,519       13,969 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            312,300      314,594 
                                          ----------   ----------
Property, Plant and Equipment, at cost
  Gas distribution                          718,988      679,968 
  Manufacturing                             103,696       97,736 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            822,684      777,704 
  Less accumulated depreciation
     and amortization                       407,121      377,004 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            415,563      400,700 
                                          ----------   ----------
Deferred Charges and Other
  Systems development costs                  34,071       38,808 
  Deferred environmental costs               41,942       41,641 
  Prepaid pension costs                      30,865       29,580 
  Gas transition costs                        7,411       15,485 
  Other regulatory assets                    51,543       57,211 
  Other                                      37,013       35,707 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            202,845      218,432 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                          $ 930,708    $ 933,726 
                                          ==========   ==========

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of dollars)
   December 31, 1994                         1994         1993   
                                          ----------   ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>       
Liabilities and Capitalization
Current Liabilities
  Accounts payable                        $  65,626    $  62,683 
  Short-term borrowings                     111,506      134,918 
  Refundable gas costs                       18,058       15,596 
  Current portion of long-term debt           5,031        2,847 
  Accrued taxes                               8,400       10,089 
  Accrued payroll and benefits               15,141       14,656 
  Other                                      15,661       15,199 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            239,423      255,988 
                                          ----------   ----------
Deferred Credits and Other
  Deferred income taxes                      42,322       45,878 
  Environmental remediation costs            37,188       40,000 
  Postretirement benefit obligation          69,730       67,510 
  Unamortized investment tax credit           8,187        8,654 
  Gas transition costs                        7,411       15,485 
  Other regulatory liabilities               54,636       50,179 
  Other                                      18,674       14,526 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            238,148      242,232 
                                          ----------   ----------

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7)
                                          ----------   ----------

Capitalization (See accompanying statement)
  Long-term debt                            161,669      165,230 
  Redeemable preferred stock                      -            - 
  Common equity                             291,468      270,276 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            453,137      435,506 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                          $ 930,708    $ 933,726 
                                          ==========   ==========

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW
           Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)
       Year Ended December 31,               1994         1993        1992   
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>         <C>       
Operations
Net income                                $  33,174    $  29,313   $  14,799 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to 
net cash flow from operating activities:
  Cumulative effect of changes in
    accounting principles, net of $4,110
    income tax benefit                            -            -       7,965 
  Depreciation and amortization              47,097       43,738      40,200 
  Deferred income taxes                      (9,091)      (3,969)     (2,958)
  Changes in:
    Receivables                              21,105      (13,993)     (8,627)
    Manufacturing inventories                (2,027)      (2,590)       (839)
    Gas in storage                            6,647      (38,050)     (6,252)
    Other current assets                     (4,827)        (569)      6,016 
    Systems development costs                  (841)      (6,530)     (9,976)
    Accounts payable                          2,943      (11,055)     (2,259)
    Refundable gas costs                      2,462        1,955       5,633 
    Accrued taxes                            (2,412)       9,169      (2,098)
    Other current liabilities                   947         (292)     (1,754)
    Other noncurrent assets and liabilities   8,374       (3,726)     (2,838)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
     Cash provided by operating activities  103,551        3,401      37,012 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Investment Activities
  Capital expenditures                      (55,051)     (51,906)    (71,873)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                   42        5,328         761 
  Acquisitions                                  (72)      (2,120)     (9,776)
  Other, net                                    343          541         274 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
    Cash (used in) investing activities     (54,738)     (48,157)    (80,614)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Financing Activities
  Change in short-term borrowings           (21,617)      59,603      35,726 
  Issuance of long-term debt                  1,869       47,446        ,173 
  Reduction of long-term debt                (4,795)     (50,982)     (8,674)
  Issuance of common stock                   10,649       16,682       6,079 
  Dividends paid on common stock,
    less amounts reinvested                 (23,247)     (21,450)    (19,459)
  Other                                         513         (222)       (734)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
   Cash (used in) provided
      by financing activities               (36,628)      51,077      13,111 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents          12,185        6,321     (30,491)
Cash and cash equivalents at
  beginning of year                          22,953       16,632      47,123 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year  $  35,138    $  22,953   $  16,632 
                                          ==========   ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION  
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)   December 31,        1994         1993   
                                          ----------   ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>       
Long-Term Debt
Wisconsin Gas:
  First mortgage bonds
     Adjustable Rate Series, 7.4% and 
       8.1%, respectively, due 2002       $  10,000    $  14,000 
  9-1/8% Notes due 1997                      50,000       50,000 
  7-1/2% Notes due 1998                      40,000       40,000 
  6.6% Notes due 2013                        45,000       45,000 
Sta-Rite:
  First mortgage bonds, adjustable
     rate, 7.8% to 8.1%, due semi-
     annually through 2000                    1,203        1,431 
  Industrial revenue bonds, 7-7/8%,
     payable through 2000                     2,190        2,575 
  Commercial paper under multi-year
     credit agreement                         6,853        4,758 
Capital lease obligations and other           1,222        1,338 
Unamortized (discount), net                  (1,169)      (1,356)
ESOP loan guarantee                           6,370        7,484 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            161,669      165,230 
                                          ----------   ----------
Redeemable Preferred Stock
  WICOR:
     $1.00 par value; authorized
        1,500,000 shares                          -            - 
Wisconsin Gas:
  Without par value, cumulative; 
     authorized 1,500,000 shares                  -            - 
                                          ----------   ----------
                                                  -            - 
                                          ----------   ----------
Common Equity
  Common stock, $1.00 par value,
     authorized 60,000,000 shares; 
     outstanding 16,918,000
     and 16,407,000 shares, respectively     16,918       16,407 
  Other paid in capital                     180,000      166,710 
  Retained earnings                         101,418       94,643 
  Unearned compensation - ESOP
     and restricted stock                    (6,868)      (7,484)
                                          ----------   ----------
                                            291,468      270,276 
                                          ----------   ----------
Total Capitalization                      $ 453,137    $ 435,506 
                                          ==========   ==========

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  15
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)
    December 31,                             1994         1993        1992   
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>         <C>       
Common Stock:
Balance at beginning of year              $  16,407    $  15,722   $  15,366 
  Issued in connection with dividend
     reinvestment, customer stock purchase
     and employee benefit plans                 511          685         356 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Balance at end of year                       16,918       16,407      15,722 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Other Paid-in Capital:
Balance at beginning of year                166,710      148,064     139,931 
  Received in connection with dividend
     reinvestment, customer stock purchase
     and employee benefits plans             13,290       18,646       8,133 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Balance at end of year                      180,000      166,710     148,064 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Retained Earnings:
Balance at beginning of year                 94,643       90,102      97,906 
  Net income                                 33,174       29,313      14,799 
  Dividends on common stock                 (26,399)     (24,099)    (21,869)
  Other                                           -         (673)       (734)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Balance at end of year                      101,418       94,643      90,102 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Unearned Compensation - ESOP
  and restricted stock:
Balance at beginning of year                 (7,484)      (8,601)     (9,750)
  Loan payments                               1,114        1,117       1,149 
  Issuance of restricted stock                 (723)           -           - 
  Amortization of restricted stock              225            -           - 
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Balance at end of year                       (6,868)      (7,484)     (8,601)
                                          ----------   ----------  ----------
Total Common Equity at End of Year        $ 291,468    $ 270,276   $ 245,287 
                                          ==========   ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16

         QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

Because seasonal factors significantly affect the Company's operations
(particularly at the Wisconsin Gas level), the following data may not be
comparable between quarters:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars, Except
  per Share Amounts)  Quarters:    First        Second      Third        Fourth 
------------------------------------------     --------   ---------     --------
<S>                              <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>     
1994
Operating revenues               $ 320,625     $186,079   $151,037      $210,014
Operating income (loss)          $  49,444     $  5,500   $ (8,668)     $ 20,334
Income available for common stock$  28,202     $    998   $ (8,069)     $ 12,043
Net income (loss) per
  common share (a)               $    1.71     $   0.06   $  (0.48)     $   0.71
1993
Operating revenues               $ 272,660     $190,223   $152,801      $233,844
Operating income (loss)          $  41,689     $  5,881   $ (8,406)     $ 24,787
Income available for common stock$  23,935     $    576   $ (8,597)     $ 13,399
Net income (loss) per
  common share (a)               $    1.51     $   0.04   $  (0.53)     $   0.82

</TABLE>

(a)  Quarterly earnings per share may not total to the amounts reported for
the year since the computation is based on weighted average common shares 
outstanding during each quarter.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

A.   Principles of Consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of WICOR,
Inc., (WICOR or the Company) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: Wisconsin Gas
Company (Wisconsin Gas), Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. (Sta-Rite), and SHURflo
Pump Manufacturing Co. (Shurflo). All appropriate intercompany transactions
have been eliminated. Certain amounts in financial statements of prior years
have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of the current year.

B.   Business
     Wisconsin Gas is a public utility engaged in the distribution of
natural gas throughout Wisconsin. Most of its revenues, however, are derived
from gas delivered in southeastern Wisconsin. Wisconsin Gas is subject to
regulation by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin (PSCW) and gives
recognition to ratemaking policies substantially in accordance with the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) System of Accounts.
     Sta-Rite manufactures pumps and water processing equipment and sells
its products in approximately 110 countries.
     Shurflo, which merged with the Company during the third quarter of 1993
(See Note 2), manufactures pumps for the food service, recreational vehicle,
marine, industrial and water purification markets.

C.   Gas Distribution Revenues and      Purchased Gas Costs
     Utility billings are rendered on a cycle basis. Revenues include
estimated amounts accrued for service provided but not yet billed.
     Wisconsin Gas' rate schedules contain purchased gas adjustment (PGA)
provisions which permit the recovery of actual purchased gas costs incurred.
The difference between actual gas costs incurred and costs recovered through
rates, adjusted for inventory activity, is deferred as a current asset or
liability. The deferred balance is returned to or recovered from customers at
intervals throughout the year and any residual balance at the annual October
31 reconciliation date is subsequently refunded to or recovered from
customers.
     The PSCW is currently permitting Wisconsin Gas to recover pipeline
supplier take-or-pay settlement costs, allocating a portion of the direct-
billed costs to each customer class, including transportation customers.

D.   Plant and Depreciation
     Gas distribution property, plant and equipment is stated at original
cost, including overhead allocations. Upon ordinary retirement of plant
assets, their cost plus cost of removal, net of salvage, is charged to
accumulated depreciation, and no gain or loss is recognized.
     The depreciation of Wisconsin Gas' assets is computed using straight-
line rates over estimated useful lives and considers salvage value. These
rates have been consistently used for ratemaking purposes. The composite
rates are 4.5% for 1994 and 4.7% for 1993 and 1992. Depreciation of
manufacturing property is calculated under the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets (3 to 10 years for equipment and 30
years for buildings) and is primarily reported as a cost of sales.

E.   Regulatory Accounting and          Deferred Charges
     The Company and Wisconsin Gas account for their regulated operations in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 71,
"Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation." This statement
sets forth the application of generally accepted accounting principles to
those companies whose rates are determined by an independent third-party
regulator. The economic effects of regulation can result in regulated
companies recording costs that have been or are expected to be allowed in the
ratemaking process in a period different from the period in which the costs
would be charged to expense by an unregulated enterprise. When this occurs,
costs are deferred as assets in the balance sheet (regulatory assets) and
recorded as expenses as those same amounts are reflected in rates.
Additionally, regulators can impose liabilities upon a regulated company for
amounts previously collected from customers and for amounts that are expected
to be refunded to customers (regulatory liabilities).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  18
     The amounts recorded as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)                               1994        1993   
--------------------------------------            ----------  ----------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>       
Regulatory assets:
 Deferred environmental costs                     $  41,942   $  41,641 
 Income tax-related amounts due from
  customers (Note 3)                                  3,711       5,650 
 Postretirement benefit costs (Note 9)               47,832      51,561 
 Gas transition costs                                 7,411      15,485 
 Other                                               16,000      14,499 
                                                  ----------  ----------
                                                  $ 116,896   $ 128,836 
                                                  ==========  ==========
Regulatory liabilities:
 Income tax-related amounts due to
  customers (Note 3)                              $  18,792   $  21,762 
 Pension costs (Note 9)                              22,333      22,808 
 Refundable gas costs                                18,058      15,596 
 Other                                               14,469       4,658 
                                                  ----------  ----------
                                                  $  73,652   $  64,824 
                                                  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>

     Consistent with PSCW regulation, Wisconsin Gas has capitalized computer
systems development costs which are to be amortized over a five- to ten- year
period, generally as the respective systems become operational.
     Wisconsin Gas is precluded from discontinuing service to residential
customers within its service area during a certain portion of the heating
season. Any differences between doubtful account provisions based on actual
experience and provisions allowed for ratemaking purposes by the PSCW are
deferred for later recovery in rates as a cost of service. The most recent
PSCW rate order provides for a $13.9 million allowable annual provision for
doubtful accounts, including amortization of prior deferred amounts. See
Notes 7 and 9 for discussion of additional deferred charges.

F.   Income Taxes
     The Company files a consolidated Federal income tax return and
allocates Federal current tax expense or credits to each subsidiary based on
its respective separate tax computation. Beginning with 1992, the Company has
provided deferred income taxes in accordance with SFAS 109 "Accounting for
Income Taxes," to reflect tax effects of reporting book and taxable income in
different periods (See Note 3).
     For Wisconsin Gas, investment tax credits were recorded as a deferred
credit on the balance sheet and are being amortized to income over the
applicable service lives of the related properties in accordance with
regulatory treatment.

G.   Net Income per Common Share
     Net income per common share is based on the weighted average number of
shares. Employee stock options are not recognized in the computation of
earnings per common share as they are not materially dilutive.

H.   Manufacturing Inventories
     Approximately 49% and 54% of manufacturing inventories, in 1994 and
1993, respectively, are priced using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method
(not in excess of market), with the remaining inventories priced using the
first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.
     If the (FIFO) method had been used exclusively, manufacturing
inventories would have been $8.4 million and $8.0 million higher at December
31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  19

I.   Cash Flows
     The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with
an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Due to
the short maturity of these instruments, market value approximates cost.
     The Company's dividends reinvested (pursuant to its dividend
reinvestment plan) totalled $3.2 million, $2.6 million and $2.4 million for
1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.
     For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, income taxes
paid (net of refunds) and interest paid (excluding capitalized interest) were
as follows for each of the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)                  1994         1993        1992   
--------------------------------     ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>         <C>       
Income taxes paid                    $  31,384    $  16,106   $   8,805 
Interest paid                        $  15,714    $  17,678   $  17,404 

</TABLE>

J.   Derivative Financial Instruments
     The Company, through a manufacturing subsidiary, has only limited
involvement with derivative financial instruments and does not use them for
trading or speculative purposes. Foreign exchange futures and forward
contracts are used to hedge foreign exchange exposure resulting from
intercompany purchases of products from United States plants. Gains and
losses from open contracts are deferred until recognized as part of the
purchase transaction. Such gains and losses included in net income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993
and 1992 were not material.

2.   MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS

     On July 28, 1993, the Company completed its merger with Carr-Griff,
Inc. which became SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of WICOR, Inc. Shurflo designs, manufactures and sells pumps to the food
service, recreational vehicle, marine, industrial and water purification
markets. The Company issued approximately 0.9 million shares of common stock,
valued at approximately $27 million, for all the outstanding common stock 
of Shurflo. This transaction was accounted for as a pooling of interests.

3.   INCOME TAXES

     In the fourth quarter of 1992, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes," retroactive to January 1, 1992. Under the
liability method prescribed by SFAS No. 109, deferred taxes are provided
based upon enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the
taxes become payable. This adoption resulted in a net loss from the
cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle of $1.8 million for
the nonregulated subsidiaries. Changes in Wisconsin Gas' deferred income
taxes arising from the adoption represent amounts recoverable or refundable
through future rates and have been recorded as regulatory assets and
liabilities on the balance sheet.
     The current and deferred components of income tax expense for each of
the years ended December 31, are as follows:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  20

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)                  1994         1993        1992   
----------------------------         ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>         <C>       
Current
 Federal                             $  23,516    $  18,576   $   3,818 
 State                                   5,816        4,742       1,405 
 Foreign                                 1,627          834         800 
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
   Total Current                        30,959       24,152       6,023 
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
Deferred
 Federal                               (11,247)      (6,432)      5,974 
 State                                  (2,012)        (961)      1,588 
 Foreign                                  (388)         717         (36)
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
   Total Deferred                      (13,647)      (6,676)      7,526 
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
Total Provision                      $  17,312    $  17,476   $  13,549 
                                     ==========   ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

     The provision for income taxes differs from the amount of income tax
determined by applying the applicable U.S. statutory federal income tax rate
to pretax income as a result of the following differences:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)
   Year ended December 31,                1994              1993             1992      
                                     ---------------         ----------------              ----------------
<S>                        <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>       <C>  
Statutory U.S. tax rates   $17,670   35.0%  $16,376    35.0%  $12,346   34.0%
State income taxes, net      2,518    5.0     2,326     5.0     1,841    5.1 
Excess of foreign (benefit)
  provision over U.S. stat-
  utory tax rate              (174)  (0.3)      886     1.9       843    2.3 
Investment credit restored    (461)  (0.9)     (473)   (1.0)     (502)  (1.4)
Excess deferred tax
  amortization                (505)  (1.0)     (532)   (1.1)     (507)  (1.4)
Settlement of disputed
  tax matters                 (998)  (2.0)        -       -         -      - 
Other, net                    (738)  (1.5)   (1,107)   (2.4)     (472)  (1.3)
                                    ----------------         ----------------              ----------------
Effective Tax Rates        $17,312   34.3%  $17,476    37.4%  $13,549   37.3%
                                    ================         ================              ================

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  21

  The components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at
December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)                               1994        1993   
----------------------------------                ----------  ----------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>       
Deferred Income Tax Assets
  Recoverable gas costs                           $   7,258   $   5,928 
  Inventory                                           1,935      (2,052)
  Deferred compensation                               2,026       1,873 
  Other                                               4,321       4,256 
                                                  ----------  ----------
                                                  $  15,540     $10,005 
                                                  ==========  ==========
Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
  Property related                                $  41,054   $  37,496 
  Systems development costs                          13,675      15,576 
  Investment tax credit                              (5,416)     (5,725)
  Gas transition costs                                2,974       5,633 
  Postretirement benefits                            (8,059)     (5,503)
  Deferred compensation                              (3,055)     (2,747)
  Pension benefits                                    2,842       2,249 
  Other                                              (1,693)     (1,101)
                                                  ----------  ----------
                                                  $  42,322   $  45,878 
                                                  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

4.   SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

     As of December 31, 1994 and 1993, the Company had total unsecured lines
of credit available from banks of $206.5 million and $183.4 million,
respectively. These borrowing arrangements may require the maintenance of
average compensating balances, which are generally satisfied by balances
maintained for normal business operations, and may be withdrawn at any time.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            December 31,    
(Thousands of Dollars)                               1994        1993   
--------------------------------                  ----------  ----------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>       
Notes payable to banks
  U.S. subsidiaries                               $     100   $   3,600 
  Non-U.S. subsidiaries                              16,835      14,218 
Commercial paper - U.S.                              94,571     117,100 
                                                  ----------  ----------
                                                  $ 111,506   $ 134,918 
                                                  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>  
Weighted average interest rates 
on debt outstanding at end of year:
  Notes payable to banks
    U.S. subsidiaries                                  7.5%        4.1% 
    Non-U.S. subsidiaries                              6.2%        5.3% 
  Commercial paper - U.S.                              5.9%        3.4% 

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  22

5.                                                          LONG-TERM DEBT

     In September 1993, Wisconsin Gas issued $45 million of 6.6% Notes due
in 2013, the proceeds of which were used to refinance $45 million of first
mortgage bonds which have higher average interest rates. There were no
issuances of long-term debt in 1992. Substantially all gas distribution and
certain manufacturing property and plant is subject to first mortgage liens.
Maturities and sinking fund requirements during the succeeding five years on
all long-term debt total $4.9 million, $4.7 million, $58.3 million, $42.8
million and $2.8 million in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999, respectively.

6.                                                          RESTRICTIONS

     A November 1993 rate order issued by the PSCW sets an equity range of
43% to 50% for the utility and also requires Wisconsin Gas to request PSCW
approval prior to the payment of dividends on its common stock to WICOR if
the payment would reduce its common equity (net assets) below 43% of total
capitalization (including short-term debt). Under this requirement, $22.2
million of Wisconsin Gas' net assets at December 31, 1994, plus future
earnings, were available for such dividends without PSCW approval. In
addition, the PSCW must also approve any dividends in excess of $16 million
for any 12 month period beginning November 1 if such dividends would dilute
Wisconsin Gas' total equity below 48.43% of its total capitalization.
Wisconsin Gas paid $4 million in dividends in November 1994 and expects to
pay $16 million in dividends for the 12 months ending October, 1995.
     In connection with its long-term debt agreements, Sta-Rite is subject
to restrictions on working capital, shareholder's equity and debt. These
agreements also limit the amount of retained earnings available for the
payment of cash dividends to WICOR and for certain investments. At December
31, 1994, $8.5 million of Sta-Rite net assets plus 50% of its future earnings
were available for payment of dividends to WICOR.
     Combined restricted common equity of the Company's subsidiaries totaled
$234.1 million under the most restrictive provisions as of December 31, 1994;
accordingly, $57.4 million of consolidated retained earnings is available for
payment of dividends.
     Historically, the PSCW has imposed restrictions on public utility
holding companies, including WICOR, relating to future nonutility
investments. In January 1992, the PSCW approved amendments to limitations set
on the Company. The PSCW order states that Wisconsin Gas should remain the
predominant business, generally as measured by equity, within the holding
company system. The amount allowable for future nonutility investment at
December 31, 1994 was $78.7 million. Also, nonutility subsidiaries can borrow
additional amounts for acquisitions; however, if debt for the consolidated
nonutility entities exceeds 40% of total capitalization for these entities,
further PSCW actions may be necessary.

7.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

A.                                                          Gas Supply
     Wisconsin Gas has agreements for firm pipeline and storage capacity
that expire at various dates through 2008. The aggregate amount of required
payments under such agreements totals approximately $1,040 million, with
annual required payments of $132 million in 1995, $130 million in 1996, $126
million in 1997, $111 million in 1998 and $108 million in 1999. Wisconsin
Gas' total payments of fixed charges under all agreements were $130.4 million
in 1994, $133.9 million in 1993 and $83.5 million in 1992. The purchased gas
adjustment provisions of Wisconsin Gas' rate schedules permit the recovery of
gas costs from its customers. In 1992, the FERC issued Order No. 636 that,
among other things, mandated the unbundling of interstate pipeline sales
service and established certain open access transportation regulations that
became effective beginning in the 1993-94 heating season. Order No. 636
permits pipeline suppliers to pass through to Wisconsin Gas any prudently
incurred transition costs, such as unrecovered gas costs, gas supply
realignment costs and stranded investment costs. Wisconsin Gas estimates its
portion of such costs from all of its pipeline suppliers would approximate
$37.9 million based upon prior filings with FERC by the pipeline suppliers.
The pipeline suppliers will continue to file quarterly with the FERC for
recovery of actual costs incurred.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  23
     The FERC has allowed ANR Pipeline Company to recover capacity and
"above market" supply costs associated with quantities purchased from Dakota
Gasification Company ("Dakota") under a long-term contract expiring in the
year 2009. Consistent with guidelines set forth in Order No. 636 ANR has
allocated 90% of Dakota costs to firm transportation service recoverable
through a reservation rate surcharge and 10% to interruptible service.
Pending a final settlement with all affected parties, ANR currently recovers
the difference between costs paid to Dakota and the current market price.
Based on Wisconsin Gas contracted quantities with ANR, Wisconsin Gas is
currently paying approximately $500,000 per month of Dakota costs. This
amount varies month-to-month and across years based on the spread between ANR
contract terms with Dakota and the market indices for pricing spot gas.
     Transition costs billed to Wisconsin Gas are being recovered from
customers under the purchased gas provisions within its rate schedules.
Assuming no drastic changes in the market for natural gas, Wisconsin Gas does
not expect transition costs to significantly affect the total cost of gas to
its customers because (1) Wisconsin Gas will purchase its wellhead gas
supplies based upon market prices that should be below the cost of gas
previously embedded in the bundled pipeline sales service and (2) many
elements of transition costs were previously embedded in the rates for the
pipelines' bundled sales service. The unbundling of pipeline sales service
requires Wisconsin Gas to contract directly and separately for wellhead gas
supply and firm transportation services. As a result of FERC Order No. 636,
Wisconsin Gas has contracted directly for underground storage in 1993.

B.   Capital Expenditures
     Certain commitments have been made in connection with 1995 capital
expenditures. Wisconsin Gas capital expenditures for 1995 are estimated at
$50 million. Manufacturing capital expenditures for 1995 are estimated at $20
million.

C.   Environmental Matters
     Wisconsin Gas has identified two previously owned sites on which it
operated manufactured gas plants that are of environmental concern. Such
plants ceased operations prior to the mid-1950's. Wisconsin Gas has engaged
an environmental consultant to help determine the nature and extent of the
contamination at these sites. Based on the test results obtained and the
possible remediation alternatives available, the Company has estimated that
cleanup costs could range from $22 million to $75 million. As of December 31,
1994, the Company has accrued $37.2 million for cleanup costs in addition to
$4.0 million of costs already incurred. These estimates are based on current
undiscounted costs. It should also be noted that the numerous assumptions
such as the type and extent of contamination, available remediation
techniques, and regulatory requirements which are used in developing these
estimates are subject to change as new information becomes available. Any
such changes in assumptions could have a significant impact on the potential
liability.
     The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (WDNR) issued a Probable
Responsible Party letter to Wisconsin Gas for these two sites in September
1994. Following receipt of this letter, Wisconsin Gas and WDNR held an
initial meeting to discuss the sites. At the meeting it was agreed that
Wisconsin Gas would prepare a remedial action options report from which it
will select specific remedial actions for recommendation to the WDNR. This
information will be prepared in the first quarter of 1995. Barring unforeseen
delays, expenditures by Wisconsin Gas on remediation work will commence in
1995 and increase in future years as plan approvals are obtained.
Expenditures over the next three years are expected to total approximately
$20 million. Although most of the work and the cost are expected to be
incurred in the first few years of the plan, monitoring of sites and other
necessary actions may be undertaken for up to 30 years. 
     In March 1994, Wisconsin Gas commenced suit against nine insurance
carriers seeking a declaratory judgment regarding insurance coverage for the
two sites. Settlements were reached with each of the carriers during 1994. If
the amount recovered from the insurance carriers is insufficient to remediate
both sites, expenditures not recovered will be allowed full recovery (other
than for carrying costs) in rates based upon recent PSCW orders. Accordingly,
the accrual has been offset by a deferred charge to a regulatory<PAGE>
<PAGE>  24
asset.  Certain related investigation costs incurred to date are currently
being recovered in utility rates. However, any incurred costs not yet
recovered in rates are not allowed by the PSCW to earn a return.  As of
December 31, 1994, $4.0 million of such costs had been incurred.
     On April 18, 1994, lawsuits were filed in Superior Court in Alameda
County, California, by the Attorney General of the State of California and
two environmental groups against four submersible pump manufacturers,
including Sta-Rite. The suit alleges that the four manufacturers have
produced and sold pumps with brass components which leach levels of lead in
excess of the levels permitted under California law. The lawsuits seek, among
other remedies, injunctive relief and unspecified monetary penalties. Sta-
Rite and the other named defendants dispute the allegations made in the
lawsuits and Sta-Rite intends to vigorously defend itself against the
actions. Based upon its investigation and the reserves established, the
Company believes resolution of the matter will not have a material, adverse
effect upon its results of operations or financial condition.
     In July 1994, Sta-Rite was notified by the WDNR that it believed
solvents used at a manufacturing site previously operated by Sta-Rite have
migrated and have caused, or contributed to, the contamination of a
Deerfield, Wisconsin, municipal well and surrounding property. The population
of Deerfield is approximately 1,260 people. Based upon the current
investigation and reserves established, the Company believes that the
resolution of this matter will not have a material, adverse effect upon its
results of operations or financial condition.

D.                                                          Other
     The Company is party to various legal proceedings arising in the
ordinary course of business which are not expected to have a material effect
on the financial statements of the Company.

8.   COMMON STOCK AND OTHER PAID-IN CAPITAL

     As of December 31, 1994, 16,918,004 shares of common stock were issued
and outstanding and 3,112,806 shares were reserved for issuance under the
Company's dividend reinvestment, stock and incentive savings plans. In
addition, 20,041,872 shares are reserved pursuant to the Company's
shareholder rights plan.
     Under certain circumstances, each right entitles the shareholder to
purchase one common share at an exercise price of $75, subject to adjustment.
The rights are not exercisable until ten business days after a person or
group announces a tender offer or exchange offer which would result in their
acquiring ownership of 20% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock
or after a person or group acquires at least 20% of the Company's outstanding
common shares. If, after 20% or more of the outstanding shares of WICOR
common stock is acquired by a person or group and the Company is then
acquired by that person or group, rights holders would be entitled to
purchase shares of common stock of the acquiring person or group having a
market value of two times the exercise price of the rights. The rights do not
have any voting rights and may be redeemed at a price of $.01 per right. The
rights expire on August 29, 1999.

9.   BENEFIT PLANS

A.                                                          Pension Plans
     The Company's subsidiaries have non-contributory pension plans which
cover substantially all their employees and include benefits based on levels
of compensation and years of service. Employer contributions and funding
policies are consistent with funding requirements of Federal law and
regulations. Commencing November 1, 1992, Wisconsin Gas pension costs or
credits have been calculated in accordance with SFAS No. 87 and are
recoverable from customers. Prior to this date, pension costs were
recoverable in rates as funded.
     The following table sets forth the funded status of pension plans at
December 31, 1994 and 1993. The cumulative difference between the amounts
funded and the amounts based on SFAS No. 87 through November 1, 1992 is being
amortized over an eight-year period effective November 1, 1994 and totalled
$22.3 million at December 31, 1994.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  25
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                   Assets Exceed        Accumulated Benefits 
                               Accumulated Benefits         Exceed Assets    
                             -----------------------  -----------------------
(Thousands of
  Dollars)    December 31,       1994        1993         1994        1993   
----------------------------- ----------  ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                           <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>       
Accumulated benefit obligation
 Vested benefits              $ (97,478)  $(103,260)   $  (5,825)  $  (6,471)
 Nonvested benefits             (10,827)    (11,198)      (1,185)        (87)
                              ----------  ----------   ----------  ----------
                               (108,305)   (114,458)      (7,010)     (6,558)
Effect of projected future
 compensation levels            (41,021)    (49,961)        (677)       (537)
                              ----------  ----------   ----------  ----------
Projected benefit obligation   (149,326)   (164,419)      (7,687)     (7,095)
Plan assets at fair value       197,278     228,091          209         176 
                              ----------  ----------   ----------  ----------
Plan assets greater(less) than
 projected benefit obligation    47,952      63,672       (7,478)     (6,919)
Unrecognized net (asset)
 liability at September 30,
 1985 being recognized over
 approximately 16 years         (16,777)    (21,185)       1,035       1,104 
Unrecognized prior
 service costs                    4,794       6,166          253           - 
Unrecognized net (gain) loss     (5,104)    (19,073)         523         348 
Additional minimum lia-
 bility recorded                      -           -       (1,307)     (1,037)
                              ----------  ----------   ----------  ----------
Accrued pension asset
 (liability)                  $  30,865   $  29,580    $  (6,974)  $  (6,504)
                              ==========  ==========   ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

     The weighted average discount rate assumptions used in determining the
actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligation were 8.25%, 7.5%
and 7.75% for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. For 1994, the expected long-
term rate of return on assets and long-term rate of compensation growth were
8.6% and 5.3%, respectively. For 1993 and 1992, the expected long-term rate
of return on assets and long-term rate of compensation growth were 8.2% and
6.0%, respectively.
     Net pension costs for each of the years ended December 31, include the
following (income) expense:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)                  1994         1993        1992   
------------------------------------ ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>         <C>       
Service costs                        $   5,260    $   5,658   $   5,189 
Interest costs on projected
  benefit obligations                   12,249       11,807      10,977 
Actual loss (gain) on plan assets        1,225      (18,016)    (16,085)
Net amortization and deferral          (18,896)         (69)     (1,127)
Gain on early retirement incentive        (268)           -           - 
Amortization of regulatory liability      (475)           -           - 
Adjustment to utility funded amount          -            -       1,513 
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
Net pension (income) cost            $    (905)   $    (620)  $     467 
                                     ==========   ==========  ==========
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  26

     The decrease in pension cost from 1992 to 1993 was due to the adoption
by the PSCW of SFAS No. 87 for ratemaking purposes, effective November 1,
1992.

B.   Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance
     In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides certain
health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees when they reach
normal retirement age while working for the Company. Wisconsin Gas funds the
accrual annually based on the maximum tax deductible amount.
     Effective January 1, 1992, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions", for its retiree
benefit plans. Under SFAS No. 106, the Company is required to accrue the
estimated cost of retiree benefit payments, other than pensions, during the
employees' active service period. Wisconsin Gas, as mandated by the PSCW,
recognized the accumulated benefit obligation and a related regulatory asset
of $54.1 million at adoption. Amortization of the regulatory asset is
recoverable in its rates over a 20-year period. Sta-Rite recognized such
amounts as a cumulative effect. Accordingly, the cumulative effects for the
Company of adopting SFAS No. 106 as of December 31, 1992, were an increase in
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) of $65.0 million and
a decrease in 1992 net earnings of $6.2 million ($0.40 per share).
     Net postretirement health care and life insurance costs for each of the
years ended December 31, consisted of the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)                  1994         1993        1992   
---------------------------------    ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>         <C>       
Service cost                         $   2,688    $   2,813   $   2,711 
Interest cost on projected
  benefit obligation                     6,913        6,495       6,181 
Actual loss (gain) on plan assets          147       (1,414)       (895)
Amortization of regulatory asset         2,778        2,651       2,778 
Net amortization and deferral           (2,549)           -           - 
Loss on early retirement incentive       3,650            -           - 
Adjustment to utility funded amount          -            -      (2,108)
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
Net postretirement benefit cost      $  13,627    $  10,545   $   8,667 
                                     ==========   ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

     The 1994 postretirement benefit cost was increased due to the early
retirement of 131 employees under a voluntary early retirement incentive plan
for employees age 55 and over. 
     The following table sets forth the plans' funded status, reconciled
with amounts recognized in the Company's Statement of Financial Position at
December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

Accumulated benefit obligation
(Thousands of Dollars)                  1994         1993   
--------------------------------     ----------   ----------
Retirees                             $ (54,088)   $ (43,548)
Active employees                       (29,544)     (52,327)
                                     ----------   ----------
Accumulated benefit obligation         (83,632)     (95,875)
Plan assets at fair value               30,666       25,753 
                                     ----------   ----------
Accumulated benefit obligation
  in excess of plan assets             (52,966)     (70,122)
Unrecognized prior service costs       (16,347)           - 
Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss)        (417)       2,612 
                                     ----------   ----------
Accrued postretirement benefit       $ (69,730)   $ (67,510)
                                     ==========   ==========<PAGE>
<PAGE>  27

     The postretirement benefit cost components for 1994 were calculated
assuming health care cost trend rates ranging up to 11% for 1994 and
decreasing to 5.5% over 9 to 24 years. The health care cost trend rate has a
significant effect on the amounts reported. Increasing the assumed health
care cost trend rates by one percentage point in each year would increase the
APBO as of December 31, 1994 by $12.0 million and the aggregate of the
service and interest cost components of postretirement expense by $1.6
million.
     The assumed discount rate used in determining the actuarial present
value of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 8.25% and
7.50% in 1994 and 1993, respectively. Plan assets are primarily invested in
equities and fixed income securities.

C.                                             Retirement Savings Plans
     Wisconsin Gas and Sta-Rite maintain various employee savings plans,
which provide employees a mechanism to contribute amounts up to 16% of their
compensation for the year. Company matching contributions may be made for up
to 5% of eligible compensation including 1% for the Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (ESOP). Total contributions were valued at $1.7 million in 1994, $1.8
million in 1993 and $1.6 million in 1992.


D.                                             Employee Stock Ownership Plan
     In November 1991, WICOR established an ESOP covering non-union
employees of Wisconsin Gas. The ESOP funds employee benefits of up to 1% of
compensation with Company common stock distributed through the ESOP.
     The ESOP used the proceeds from a $10 million, 3-year adjustable rate
loan with a 6.56% interest rate at December 31, 1994, guaranteed by the
Company, to purchase 431,266 shares of original issue WICOR common stock. The
Company extended the adjustable rate loan, with similar terms, until November
3, 1995. Because the Company has guaranteed the loan, the unpaid balance
($6.4 million) is shown as long-term debt with a like amount of unearned
compensation being recorded as a reduction of common equity on the Company's
balance sheet.
     The ESOP trustee is repaying the $10 million loan with dividends on
shares of WICOR common stock in the ESOP and with Wisconsin Gas contributions
to the ESOP.

E.                                             Stock Options
     The Company has a total of 140 employees participating in one or more
of its common stock option plans. All options, except for 39,783 performance
options granted in 1993, which may vest in 1996, are currently exercisable at
prices not less than the fair market value on the date of grant and expire
not later than eleven years from the date of grant. Changes in stock options
outstanding for all plans were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        1994         1993        1992   
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>         <C>       
Outstanding at January 1               794,925      763,342     712,392 
  Granted                              135,800      180,350     178,900 
  Exercised/Canceled                  (266,092)    (148,767)   (127,950)
                                     ----------   ----------  ----------
Outstanding at December 31             664,633      794,925     763,342 
                                     ==========   ==========  ==========
Exercise price per share             $ 13.38-     $ 10.38-    $ 10.38-  
                                     $ 30.63      $  27.31    $  24.44  
Available for future 
  grant at year-end                    743,600      783,116     261,000 

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  28

     Under the Company's 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan, which was approved
by the shareholders in April 1994, awards up to 820,000 shares of common
stock may be granted. The shares may be granted as incentive stock options,
nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights or restricted stock.
     Awards of restricted stock subject to performance vesting criteria have
been granted under the 1994 Plan. These awards will vest only if the Company
achieves certain financial goals over the three-year performance periods
1994-96. Recipients of restricted stock awards are not required to provide
consideration to the Company other than rendering service and have the right
to vote the shares and the right to receive dividends thereon.
     A total of 23,800 restricted shares (net of cancellations) were issued
in 1994. Initially, the total market value of the shares is treated as
unearned compensation and is charged to expense over the vesting periods. For
both restricted stock and performance option shares, adjustments are made to
expense for changes in market value and achievement of financial goals.
Unearned compensation charged to expense in 1994 was $0.2 million for
performance options and $0.2 million for restricted stock. 

F.                                             Postemployment Benefit Plans
     Effective January 1, 1994 the Company adopted  SFAS No. 112,
"Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," which requires accrual
for all other postemployment benefits. Total postemployment benefit expense
in 1994 was $0.6 million including a one-time cumulative adjustment. The
incremental costs of adopting this statement are insignificant on an ongoing
basis.

10.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The fair value of the Company's long-term debt is estimated based on
the quoted market prices of U.S. Treasury issues having a similar term to
maturity, adjusted for the Company's bond rating and the present value of
future cash flows.
     Because Wisconsin Gas operates in a regulated environment, shareholders
would probably not be affected by realization of gains or losses on
extinguishment of its outstanding fixed-rate debt. Realized gains would be
refunded to and losses would be recovered from customers through gas rates.
     The estimated fair value of WICOR's long-term debt at December 31, is
as follows:

(Thousands of Dollars)                  1994         1993   
----------------------------         ----------   ----------
Carrying amount                        $161,669    $165,230 
Fair value                             $159,318    $175,213 

11.  OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     See page 28 for unaudited quarterly financial data. See Financial
Review on page 19 for industry segment data.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  29
                      selected financial data -- 1994 to 1991

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars,
  Except Per Share Amounts)          1994        1993       1992       1991  
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>      
Consolidated
Operating Data:
 Operating revenues (7)           $ 867,755   $ 849,528  $ 747,409  $ 716,767
 Net income from continuing
  operations                      $  33,174   $  29,313  $  22,764  $  22,966
 Net income                       $  33,174   $  29,313  $  14,799  $  22,966
Common Stock Data:
 Net income per share from
  continuing operations           $    1.99   $    1.82  $    1.47  $    1.54
 Net income per common share (1)  $    1.99   $    1.82  $    0.96  $    1.54
 Cash dividends per common share(1)           $    1.58  $    1.54  $    1.50 $    1.46
 Book value per common share (1)(4)           $   17.23  $   16.47  $   15.60 $   15.84
Balance Sheet Data:
 Long-term debt                   $ 161,669   $ 165,230  $ 164,171  $ 168,366
 Redeemable preferred stock               -           -          -          -
 Common equity                      291,468     270,276    245,287    243,453
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
  Capitalization at year-end      $ 453,137   $ 435,506  $ 409,458  $ 411,819
                                  =========   =========  =========  =========
Total assets at year-end (2)      $ 930,708   $ 933,726  $ 825,774  $ 670,250
                                  =========   =========  =========  =========
Other General Data:
 Market-to-book ratio at
  year-end (%)(4)                       165         191        175        153          
 Dividend payout ratio (%)(2)(3)(5)    79.6        82.2       96.1       89.0
 Yield at year-end (%)                  5.6         5.0        5.6        6.1
 Return on average common
  equity (%)(2)(3)(6)                  11.6        11.2        9.2        9.5
 Price/earnings ratio at 
  year-end (2)(3)(4)                   14.3        17.3       18.5       15.7
 Price range                      $ 25 1/2-   $ 25 5/8-  $ 22 7/8-  $ 18 5/8-
                                  $  32 5/8   $  32 7/8  $  27 3/8  $  24 3/8
 Shareholders at year-end            16,517      17,091     17,780     18,503
 Cash flow from operations        $ 103,551   $   3,401  $  37,012  $  50,413
 Capital expenditures             $  55,051   $  51,906  $  71,873  $  45,113
 Employees at year-end                3,214       3,222      3,178      3,196
 Debt/equity ratio at year-end        36/64       38/62      40/60      41/59
Gas Distribution Operations
 Operating revenues               $ 556,587   $ 574,835  $ 495,415  $ 474,702
 Net income                       $  18,896   $  19,870  $  18,060  $  17,086
 Capital expenditures             $  44,626   $  42,253  $  62,125  $  34,473
Gas sold and transported (thousands
 of dekatherms-MDth)
  Residential                        46,369      47,964     45,905     45,614
  Commercial                         18,598      19,060     17,840     17,861
  Industrial firm                    14,544      15,246     14,488     15,690
  Industrial interruptible           28,217      20,849     17,388     17,440
  Transported                        11,908      17,408     21,379     19,658
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
                                    119,636     120,527    117,000    116,263
                                  =========   =========  =========  =========

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  30

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               selected financial data  --  1994 to 1991 (continued)

                                     1994        1993       1992       1991  
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>      
 Customers at year-end              495,129     485,103    470,956    460,549
 Customers served per employee          419         352        331        323
 Average cost of gas per
  Dth purchased                   $    3.34   $    3.76  $    3.34  $    3.18
 Average annual residential bill  $     719   $     779  $     712  $     677
 Average use per residential
  customer (Dth)                        110         116        115        117
 Degree days                          6,431       6,775      6,683      6,416
 % colder (warmer) than normal        (9.0)       (4.1)      (6.4)     (10.8)
Manufacturing Operations (2)(4)
 Operating revenues               $ 311,168   $ 274,693  $ 251,994  $ 242,065
 International and export sales
   as a % of total sales                 37          34         34         31
 Net income (3)                   $  14,278   $   9,443  $   4,704  $   5,880
 Capital expenditures             $  10,425   $   9,653  $   9,748  $  10,640

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  31
                       selected financial data  1990 to 1987

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars,
   Except Per Share Amounts)         1990        1989       1988       1987  
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>      
Consolidated
Operating Data:
 Operating revenues (7)           $ 696,023   $ 741,218  $ 780,633  $ 699,418
 Net income from continuing
  operations                      $  16,651   $  33,359  $  30,400  $  17,215
 Net income                       $  16,651   $  33,881  $  34,163  $  19,682
Common Stock Data:
 Net income per share from
  continuing operations           $    1.14   $    2.30  $    2.12  $    1.22
 Net income per common share (1)  $    1.14   $    2.33  $    2.38  $    1.39
 Cash dividends per common share(1)           $    1.42  $    1.37  $    1.32 $    1.30
 Book value per common share(1)(4)$   16.12   $   16.83  $   15.82  $   14.68
Balance Sheet Data:
 Long-term debt                   $ 130,215   $ 122,639  $ 133,034  $ 127,833
 Redeemable preferred stock               -           -          -      8,000
 Common equity                      237,407     244,351    227,080    207,658
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
  Capitalization at year-end      $ 367,622   $ 366,990  $ 360,114  $ 343,491
                                  =========   =========  =========  =========
 Total assets at year-end (2)     $ 651,559   $ 620,548  $ 565,967  $ 536,998
                                  =========   =========  =========  =========
Other General Data:
 Market-to-book ratio at
  year-end (%)(4)                       122         148        123        117
 Dividend payout ratio (%)(2)(3)(5)   117.2        55.0       52.0       91.1
 Yield at year-end (%)                  7.3         5.6        6.9        7.6
 Return on average common
  equity (%)(2)(3)(6)                   6.8        14.3       15.3        9.3
 Price/earnings ratio at
  year-end (2)(3)(4)                   17.2        10.7        8.2       12.4
 Price range                      $  181/4-   $ 19 3/8-  $ 15 5/8-  $ 13 3/8-
                                  $   251/4   $  25 3/8  $  20 7/8  $  21 7/8
 Shareholders at year-end            19,463      20,509     21,611     23,010
 Cash flow from operations        $  10,022   $  94,623  $  73,526  $  41,237
 Capital expenditures             $  37,529   $  40,944  $  48,295  $  34,264
 Employees at year-end                3,152       3,696      3,927      4,040
 Debt/equity ratio at year-end        35/65       33/67      37/63      37/63
Gas Distribution Operations
 Operating revenues               $ 455,559   $ 441,477  $ 476,904  $ 424,069
 Net income                       $  13,195   $  25,169  $  23,223  $  12,580
 Capital expenditures             $  27,978   $  25,813  $  37,148  $  24,344
 Gas sold and transported
  (thousands of dekatherms-MDth)
    Residential                      43,020      48,154     46,769     39,369
    Commercial                       16,319      18,089     17,012     14,510
    Industrial firm                  15,106      16,915     16,808     16,106
    Industrial interruptible         16,620       5,475      3,752      4,714
    Transported                      16,565      29,158     29,639     26,129
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
                                    107,630     117,791    113,980    100,828
                                  =========   =========  =========  =========
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  32

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               selected financial data  --  1990 to 1987 (continued)

                                     1990        1989       1988       1987  
                                  ---------   ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>      
 Customers at year-end              452,906     445,771    439,063    432,509
 Customers served per employee          321         319        311        288
 Average cost of gas per
  Dth purchased                   $    3.30   $    3.15  $    3.68  $    3.74
 Average annual residential bill  $     670   $     758  $     770  $     660
 Average use per residential
  customer (Dth)                        113         129        127        108
 Degree days                          6,103       7,382      7,124      6,185
 % colder (warmer) than normal       (16.0)         1.5      (2.0)     (14.8)          
Manufacturing Operations (2)(4)
 Operating revenues               $ 240,464   $ 300,156  $ 303,729  $ 275,349
 International and export sales
  as a % of total sales                  27          24         22         20
 Net income (3)                   $   3,456   $   8,712  $  10,940  $   7,102
 Capital expenditures             $   9,551   $  15,131  $  11,147  $   9,920

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  33
                     selected financial data  --  1986 to 1984
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars,
  Except Per Share Amounts)                      1986       1985       1984  
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                           <C>        <C>        <C>      
Consolidated
Operating Data:
 Operating revenues (7)                       $ 761,104  $ 853,175  $ 839,965
 Net income from continuing operations        $  17,363        N/A        N/A
 Net income                                   $  19,780  $  24,900  $  24,145
Common Stock Data:
 Net income per share from
  continuing operations                       $    1.34        N/A        N/A
 Net income per common share (1)              $    1.53  $    1.98  $    1.95
 Cash dividends per common share (1)          $    1.28  $    1.18  $    1.11
 Book value per common share (1)(4)           $   15.74  $   13.81  $   12.97
Balance Sheet Data:
 Long-term debt                               $ 144,495  $ 154,159  $ 131,750
 Redeemable preferred stock                      14,267     18,200     19,000
 Common equity                                  203,477    173,941    160,690
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
  Capitalization at year-end                  $ 362,239  $ 346,300  $ 311,440
                                              =========  =========  =========
 Total assets at year-end (2)                 $ 542,036  $ 531,192  $ 499,734
Other General Data:
 Market-to-book ratio at year-end (%)(4)            134        112        104
 Dividend payout ratio (%)(2)(3)(5)                79.9       57.0       54.0
 Yield at year-end (%)                              6.1        7.6        8.3
 Return on average common equity (%)(2)(3)(6)      10.5       14.6       15.1
 Price/earnings ratio at year-end (2)(3)(4)        13.8        7.8        6.9
 Price range                                  $ 14 3/4-  $     13-  $ 10 1/8-
                                              $      23  $  15 3/4  $  13 7/8
 Shareholders at year-end                        23,987     26,083     28,581
 Cash flow from operations                    $  63,583  $  46,342  $  45,801
 Capital expenditures                         $  36,498  $  32,381  $  32,273
 Employees at year-end                            3,932      3,641      3,513
 Debt/equity ratio at year-end                    40/60      45/55      42/58
Gas Distribution Operations
 Operating revenues                           $ 531,970  $ 637,167  $ 640,508
Net income                                    $  14,338  $  17,460  $  17,348
Capital expenditures                          $  28,353  $  23,208  $  22,161
Gas sold and transported (thousands
 of dekatherms-MDth)
  Residential                                    42,837     44,813     43,961
  Commercial                                     15,292     16,394     15,007
  Industrial firm                                19,379     22,541     22,969
  Industrial interruptible                       22,403     31,675     34,056
  Transported                                     5,502      1,716          -
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                105,413    117,139    115,993
                                              =========  =========  =========
 Customers at year-end                          426,481    420,967    415,297
 Customers served per employee                      277        279        268
 Average cost of gas per Dth purchased        $    3.75  $    4.13  $    4.16
 Average annual residential bill              $     761  $     838  $     849
 Average use per residential customer (Dth)         120        128        127
 Degree days                                      6,788      7,325      6,844
 % colder (warmer) than normal                    (7.3)      (0.5)      (7.0)
Manufacturing Operations (2)(4)
 Operating revenues                           $ 229,134  $ 216,008  $ 199,457
 International and export sales
  as a % of total sales                              16         12         14
 Net income (3)                               $   5,442  $   7,440  $   6,797
 Capital expenditures                         $   8,145  $   9,173  $  10,112

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  34


(1) Adjusted for a two-for-one stock split in March 1989.
(2) Includes continuing operations and discontinued operations up to the year
   disposition was authorized.
(3) Before effects of 1992 accounting changes (See Note 2). Adjusted for
   merger with Shurflo through (4) 1984, (5) 1988 and (6) 1989.
(7) Includes revenues (in thousands) from discontinued operations from 1986
    to 1989 of $58,209, $58,318, $63,552 and $56,318, respectively. Data
   from 1985 and 1984 is not available.
N/A - Data not available.<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EX 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                        EXHIBIT 21
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    WICOR, Inc.
                          Subsidiaries of the Registrant


                                        State or Country     Percent Voting
Subsidiaries of WICOR, Inc.          in Which Incorporated    Stock Owned  
----------------------------------   ---------------------   --------------
<S>                                        <C>                   <C>
Wisconsin Gas Company                      Wisconsin             100%
Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.                  Wisconsin             100%
SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Company         California            100%
WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.                    Delaware              100%
WICOR FSC, Inc.                            Barbados              100%


Subsidiaries of Sta-Rite             
     Industries
-----------------------------------
WICOR Canada Inc.                          Canada                100% 
Sta-Rite de Mexico                         Mexico                 80% 
Sta-Rite Industries GmbH                   Germany                .5%
   Europa 
WICOR Industries 
  (Australia) Pty. Ltd.                    Australia             100%
Onga (New Zealand) Pty. Ltd.               New Zealand           100%
Sta-Rite Holdings, B.V.                    Netherlands           100%
Nocchi Pompe S.p.A.                        Italy                  47%
Webster Electric Co.                       Delaware              100%


  Subsidiary of WICOR
  (Australia) Pty. Ltd
----------------------------------
Onga Pty. Ltd.                             Australia             100%
Dega Research  Pty. Ltd.                   Australia             100%


Subsidiaries of Sta-Rite
     Holdings, B.V.
----------------------------------
Sta-Rite Industries                        Germany              95.5%
   GmbH Europa
Nocchi Pompe S.p.A.                        Italy                  30%


Subsidiary of Nocchi Pompe,
          S.p.A.
----------------------------------
Midi Pompes S.a.r.l.                       France                100%
Nocchi Pompe Moscow                        Russia                 90%


Subsidiary of SHURflo Pump
   Manufacturing Company
----------------------------------
SHURflo Ltd.                               England               100%

/TABLE
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EX 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                         EXHIBIT 23





             CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
             -----------------------------------------



     As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the
incorporation of our reports included in and incorporated by
reference in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed
Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 2-93964, 2-93963,
2-91073, 2-87076, 2-83206, 2-72454, 33-16489, 33-36457, 33-
43645, 33-67132, 33-67134 and 33-55755) and Form S-3 (Nos. 33-
28289, 33-50682 and 33-50781).







                                                ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
March 13, 1995<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EX 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> UT
<LEGEND>
This schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the WICOR,
Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 and is qualified inits
entirety by reference to such financial statements and the related footnotes.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<BOOK-VALUE>                                  PER-BOOK
<TOTAL-NET-UTILITY-PLANT>                      362,955
<OTHER-PROPERTY-AND-INVEST>                     52,608
<TOTAL-CURRENT-ASSETS>                         312,300
<TOTAL-DEFERRED-CHARGES>                       202,845
<OTHER-ASSETS>                                       0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 930,708
<COMMON>                                        16,918
<CAPITAL-SURPLUS-PAID-IN>                      180,000
<RETAINED-EARNINGS>                             94,550
<TOTAL-COMMON-STOCKHOLDERS-EQ>                 291,468
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<LONG-TERM-DEBT-NET>                           161,669
<SHORT-TERM-NOTES>                                   0
<LONG-TERM-NOTES-PAYABLE>                      135,000
<COMMERCIAL-PAPER-OBLIGATIONS>                  94,571
<LONG-TERM-DEBT-CURRENT-PORT>                    5,031
<PREFERRED-STOCK-CURRENT>                            0
<CAPITAL-LEASE-OBLIGATIONS>                      1,222
<LEASES-CURRENT>                                     0
<OTHER-ITEMS-CAPITAL-AND-LIAB>                 377,969
<TOT-CAPITALIZATION-AND-LIAB>                  930,708
<GROSS-OPERATING-REVENUE>                      867,755
<INCOME-TAX-EXPENSE>                            17,312
<OTHER-OPERATING-EXPENSES>                     801,145
<TOTAL-OPERATING-EXPENSES>                     818,457
<OPERATING-INCOME-LOSS>                         49,298
<OTHER-INCOME-NET>                                 574
<INCOME-BEFORE-INTEREST-EXPEN>                  49,872
<TOTAL-INTEREST-EXPENSE>                        16,698
<NET-INCOME>                                    33,174
<PREFERRED-STOCK-DIVIDENDS>                          0
<EARNINGS-AVAILABLE-FOR-COMM>                   33,174
<COMMON-STOCK-DIVIDENDS>                        26,399
<TOTAL-INTEREST-ON-BONDS>                        1,340
<CASH-FLOW-OPERATIONS>                         103,551
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.99
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.99
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>EX 99  1995 WICOR PROXY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1

                     SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
             Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)
                              of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                       (Amendment No. ____)

Filed by the Registrant [X]
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [ ]

Check the appropriate box:

[ ]  Preliminary Proxy Statement        [  ] Confidential, for Use of the
                                             Commission Only (as permitted
                                             by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
[X]  Definitive Proxy Statement
[ ]  Definitive Additional Materials
[ ]  Soliciting Material Pursuant to Sec. 240.14a-11(c) or Sec. 240.14a-12

                            WICOR, Inc.
          -----------------------------------------------
         (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

[X]  $125 per Exchange Act Rules 0-11(c)(1)(ii), 14a-6(i)(1), 14a-6(i)(2) or
     Item 22(a)(2) of Schedule 14A.

[ ]  $500 per each party to the controversy pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
     14a-6(i)(3).

[ ]  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11

     1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

     2)  Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

     3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed
     pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the
     filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):

     4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

     5)  Total fee paid:

[ ]  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

[ ]  Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
     Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee
     was paid previously.  Identify the previous filing by registration
     statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

     1)  Amount Previously Paid:

     2)  Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

     3)  Filing Party:

          4)  Date Filed:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
                               WICOR
                     626 East Wisconsin Avenue
                           P.O. Box 334
                       Milwaukee, WI  53201 

             NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                     To Be Held April 27, 1995


To the Shareholders of
WICOR, Inc.:

     NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of
WICOR, Inc. will be held Thursday, April 27, 1995, at 2:00 P.M. (local time),
at the Italian Community Center, 631 East Chicago Street, Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for the following purposes:

      1.  To elect four directors to hold office until the 1998 Annual
          Meeting of Shareholders and until their successors are duly
          elected and qualified.

      2.  To consider and act upon any other business which may be properly
          brought before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof.

     The close of business Friday, February 17, 1995, has been fixed as the
record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice
of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment thereof.

     A proxy and Proxy Statement are enclosed herewith.

                                      By Order of the Board of Directors



                                      Robert A. Nuernberg
                                      Secretary

March 10, 1995

     YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT.  TO ASSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE MEETING,
PLEASE DATE THE ENCLOSED PROXY, WHICH IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,
SIGN EXACTLY AS YOUR NAME APPEARS, AND RETURN IMMEDIATELY.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
                               WICOR
                     626 East Wisconsin Avenue
                           P.O. Box 334
                    Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201

                          PROXY STATEMENT
                                FOR
                  ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                     To Be Held April 27, 1995


     This Proxy Statement is being furnished to shareholders by the Board of
Directors of WICOR, Inc. (the "Company") beginning on or about March 10,
1995, in connection with a solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors
of the Company (the "Board") for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders
(the "Annual Meeting") to be held on Thursday, April 27, 1995, at 2:00
P.M.(local time), at the Italian Community Center, 631 East Chicago Street,
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and at all adjournments thereof, for the purposes set
forth in the attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

     Execution of a proxy given in response to this solicitation will not
affect a shareholder's right to attend the Annual Meeting and to vote in
person.  Presence at the Annual Meeting of a shareholder who has signed a
proxy does not in itself revoke a proxy.  Any shareholder giving a proxy may
revoke it at any time before it is exercised by giving notice thereof to the
Company in writing or in open meeting.  Unless so revoked, the shares
represented by proxies received by the Board will be voted at the Annual
Meeting and at any adjournment thereof.  A properly executed proxy will be
voted as directed therein by the shareholder.

     Only holders of record of the Company's Common Stock, $1 par value
("Common Stock"), at the close of business on February 17, 1995, are entitled
to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment thereof.  On that date,
the Company had outstanding and entitled to vote 16,933,944 shares of Common
Stock.  The record holder of each outstanding share of Common Stock is
entitled to one vote per share.

     The Company is a holding company.  Its subsidiaries include Wisconsin
Gas Company ("Wisconsin Gas"), Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. ("Sta-Rite") and
SHURflo Manufacturing Co. ("SHURflo").


                ITEM NO. 1:  ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 

     The Board consists of 10 directors.  The Company's By-laws provide that
the directors shall be divided into three classes, with staggered terms of
three years each.  At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will elect four
directors to hold office until the 1998 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.  Directors are elected
by a plurality of the votes cast (assuming a quorum is present at the Annual
Meeting).  Consequently any shares not voted, whether due to abstentions,
broker non-votes or otherwise, have no impact on the election of directors. 
However, abstentions and broker non-votes are counted in determining whether
a quorum is present at the meeting.

     Unless shareholders otherwise specify, the shares represented by the
proxies received will be voted "FOR" the indicated nominees for election as
directors.  The Board has no reason to believe that any of the listed
nominees will be unable or unwilling to continue to serve as a director if
elected.  However, in the event that any nominee should be unable or for good
cause unwilling to serve, the shares represented by proxies received will be
voted for another nominee selected by the Board.

     The following tabulation sets forth information regarding the four
nominees for election as directors and the six continuing directors.  Except
as otherwise noted, each such person has engaged in the principal occupation
or employment and held the offices shown for more than the past five years.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
       A photograph of each director and director continuing in office
appears adjacent to the nominee's/director's name and personal information.


          NOMINEES FOR ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
             For Three-Year Terms Expiring April, 1998


WENDELL F. BUECHE               Mr. Bueche, 64, is the Chairman, Chief
Compensation (Chairman)         Executive Officer and a director of
  and Retirement Plans          IMC Global, Inc., a producer
  Investment Committees         of fertilizers.  He was named to that
Director since 1984             position in 1993.  Mr.  Bueche
                                previously was Chairman, President and
                                Chief Executive Officer of Allis-
                                Chalmers Corporation.  Mr. Bueche is a
                                director of Marshall & Ilsley
                                Corporation and M&I Marshall & Ilsley
                                Bank.

DANIEL F. McKEITHAN, JR.        Mr. McKeithan, 59, is President, Chief
Compensation and Retirement     Executive Officer and a director of
  Plans Investment Committees   Tamarack Petroleum Company, Inc., an
Director since 1989             operator of producing oil and gas
                                wells.  He has held that position
                                since 1981.  He is also President and
                                Chief Executive Officer of Active
                                Investor Management, Inc., a manager
                                of oil and gas wells.  He has held
                                that position since 1984.  From 1976
                                to 1982 he was Chairman of Jos.
                                Schlitz Brewing Co.  He is a director
                                of Firstar Corporation and The Marcus
                                Corporation, and is a trustee of The
                                Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance
                                Company.

GEORGE E. WARDEBERG             Mr. Wardeberg, 59, is President and
Nominating Committee            Chief Executive Officer of the
Director since 1992             Company and Chairman of Wisconsin Gas,
                                Sta-Rite and SHURflo.  He has held
                                these positions since 1994. 
                                Previously, he was President and Chief
                                Operating Officer of the Company from
                                1992 to 1994; Vice Chairman of
                                Wisconsin Gas and SHURflo from 1993 to
                                1994; Vice Chairman and Chief
                                Executive Officer of Sta-Rite from
                                1993 to 1994; Vice President - Water
                                Systems of Sta-Rite from 1989 to 1992;
                                and Vice Chairman and Chief Operating
                                Officer of Whirlpool Corporation from
                                1985 to 1989. He is a director of M&I
                                Marshall & Ilsley Bank.

ESSIE M. WHITELAW               Ms. Whitelaw, 46, is President and
Audit and Retirement            Chief Operating Officer of Blue
  Plans Investment Committees   Cross & Blue Shield United of
Director since 1992             Wisconsin, a comprehensive health care
                                insurer.  She has held that position
                                since 1992.  Prior thereto, she was
                                Vice President - Southeastern Region
                                from 1988 to 1992, Vice President -
                                Claims from 1987 to 1988, and Vice
                                President - Customer Service from 1986
                                to 1987 of Blue Cross & Blue Shield
                                United of Wisconsin.  She is a
                                director of Universal Foods
                                Corporation.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5

      MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE
                    Terms Expiring April, 1996


JERE D. McGAFFEY                Mr. McGaffey, 59, is a partner in the
Nominating (Chairman) and       law firm of Foley & Lardner. (1) He 
Retirement Plans Investment     has been in practice with that firm 
  Committees                    since 1961 and has been a partner
Director since 1980             since 1968.  Mr. McGaffey is a
                                director of Smith Investment Company.

THOMAS F. SCHRADER              Mr. Schrader, 45, is President and
Director since 1988             Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin
                                Gas and Vice President of the Company.
                                He has been with Wisconsin Gas since
                                1978, serving as Vice President from
                                1983 to 1986, Executive Vice President
                                from 1986 to 1988 and President and
                                Chief Operating Officer from 1988 to
                                1990.  He assumed his current position
                                with Wisconsin Gas in 1990.  He was
                                elected Vice President of the Company
                                in 1988.  Mr. Schrader is a director
                                of Firstar Trust Company.

STUART W. TISDALE               Mr. Tisdale, 66, served as Chairman
Audit and Nominating            and Chief Executive Officer of the
   Committees                   Company from 1986 until his retirement
Director since 1980             in February 1994.  He is a director of
                                Marshall & Ilsley Corporation, M&I
                                Marshall & Ilsley Bank, Modine
                                Manufacturing Co. and Twin Disc Inc.


      MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE
                    Terms Expiring April, 1997

WILLIE D. DAVIS                 Mr. Davis, 60, is President, Chief 
Audit and Nominating            Executive Officer and a director of
  Committees                    All Pro Broadcasting, Inc., which owns
Director since 1990             and operates radio stations in Los
                                Angeles and Milwaukee.  Mr. Davis is a
                                director of Alliance Bank, The Dow
                                Chemical Co., Johnson Controls, Inc.,
                                Kmart Corp., L.A. Gear Inc., MGM Grand
                                Inc., Rally's Hamburgers, Inc., Sara
                                Lee Corporation and Strong Cornelius
                                Capital Management, Inc.

GUY A. OSBORN                   Mr. Osborn, 59, is Chairman, Chief
Audit (Chairman) and            Executive Officer and a director of 
  Compensation Committees       Universal Foods Corporation, an inter-  
Director since 1987             national manufacturer and marketer of
                                value-added food products.  He joined
                                Universal Foods in 1971 and held
                                several executive positions before
                                becoming President and Chief Operating
                                Officer in 1984.  He  was elected
                                President and Chief Executive Officer
                                in 1988 and assumed his current
                                position in 1990.  He is a director of
                                Firstar Corporation, Firstar Bank
                                Milwaukee, N.A., and Fleming
                                Companies, Inc., and is a Trustee of
                                Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance
                                Company.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6

WILLIAM B. WINTER               Mr. Winter, 66, is Retired Chairman,
Nominating and Retirement       Chief Executive Officer and Director   
  Plans Investment              of Bucyrus-Erie Company, a
  (Chairman) Committees         manufacturer of mining machinery, and
Director since 1980             its parent corporation B-E Holdings
                                Inc. (2).  He joined Bucyrus-Erie in
                                1953 and was Chairman and Chief
                                Executive Officer from 1988 until his
                                retirement in 1994.


(1)  Foley & Lardner was retained in 1994 by the Company and its
     subsidiaries to provide legal services and has been similarly retained
     in 1995.

(2)  On February 18, 1994, B-E Holdings, Inc. and Bucyrus-Erie Company filed
     a voluntary prepackaged joint plan of reorganization in the United
     States Bankruptcy Court.  On December 1, 1994, the Bankruptcy Court
     approved the plan of reorganization.  The companies were released from
     bankruptcy on December 14, 1994.


                      THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

General
-------
     The Board held eight meetings in 1994.  Each director attended at least
75% of the total of such meetings and meetings of any committees on which
such director served.  The Board maintains standing Audit, Nominating and
Compensation Committees.

     The Audit Committee held two meetings in 1994.  The committee's func-

tions include recommending the selection of the independent auditors each
year; consulting with the independent auditors regarding the scope and plan
of audit, internal controls, fees, non-audit services (including the possible
effect of such services on the independence of the auditors), the audit
report and related matters; reviewing other accounting, internal audit and
financial matters; investigating accounting, auditing or financial exceptions
which may occur; and overseeing the corporate compliance programs of the
Company and its subsidiaries.

     The Nominating Committee held two meetings in 1994.  The committee's
functions include recommending those persons to be nominated by the Board for
election as directors of the Company at the next Annual Meeting of Share-

holders and recommending the person to fill any unexpired term on the Board
which may occur.  The committee will consider nominees recommended by share-

holders, but has no established procedures which must be followed to make
recommendations.

     The Compensation Committee held three meetings in 1994.  The
committee's functions include reviewing and recommending adjustments to the
salaries of the officers of the Company and its subsidiaries and
administering the 1981 Stock Option Plan, the 1987 Stock Option Plan, the
1992 Director Stock Option Plan, the 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan and the
other incentive compensation plans of the Company and its subsidiaries.  

Compensation of Directors
-------------------------
     The Company pays its directors who are not officers of the Company,
Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite or SHURflo an annual retainer fee of $10,000, plus
$600 for each meeting they attend of the Board and committees of the Board on
which they serve.  Committee chairmen are paid an additional annual retainer
fee of $1,000.  Committee chairmen receive meeting fees for meetings with the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company in preparation for regular committee
meetings.  Wisconsin Gas pays its directors who are not officers of the
Company, Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite or SHURflo an annual retainer fee of $7,000,
plus $600 for each meeting of the Wisconsin Gas board they attend.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

Directors who are also officers of the Company, Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite or
SHURflo receive no fees for service as directors of those companies. 
Presently, all directors of the Company are also directors of Wisconsin Gas.

     Non-employee directors participate in the 1992 Director Stock Option
Plan, pursuant to which options to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock are
automatically granted annually on the fourth Tuesday in February to each non-
employee director.  The exercise price per share for options granted under
the 1992 Director Stock Option Plan is equal to the fair market value of a
share of Common Stock on the date of grant.  On February 22, 1994, Messrs.
Bueche, Davis, McGaffey, McKeithan, Osborn, Tisdale and Winter and Ms.
Whitelaw each received an option to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock at
a per-share exercise price of $30.4375.  Options granted under the 1992
Director Stock Option Plan are immediately exercisable and have a ten-year
term; provided, however, that no option may be exercised after 24 months have
elapsed from the date the optionee ceased being a director.  On February 28,
1995, options to purchase an additional 2,000 shares of Common Stock were
granted to the non-employee directors at a per-share exercise price of
$28.75.

     The Company and Wisconsin Gas each maintain a deferred compensation
plan for active directors which entitles a director of the respective
corporation to defer directors' fees until the director ceases to be an
active director.  All amounts deferred are unsecured and accrue interest at
the prevailing announced prime interest rate of a major commercial bank.

     The Company and Wisconsin Gas maintain retirement plans for directors
who are not officers of the Company or its subsidiaries, have reached the age
of 65, and have served at least five years as a director of the Company or
Wisconsin Gas.  Retired directors receive essentially the same annual
compensation as active directors receive ($16,000 from the Company and
$11,200 from Wisconsin Gas for 1994).  Retirement benefits are payable for a
period equal to the director's service as a director, up to 10 years, or
until the death of the retired director, whichever occurs earlier.


                 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT

     The following tabulation sets forth the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned, as of February 28, 1995, by each director and
nominee, each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table, and
all directors and executive officers as a group.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Amount and Nature
  Title of         Name of          of Beneficial   Percent of
   Class                          Beneficial Owner   Ownership (1)(2)(3)      Class (4)
------------                    --------------------                    ---------------------    ----------
<S>         <C>                        <C>               <C>
Common Stock                    Wendell F. Bueche            8,359           -
            Willie D. Davis              6,500           -
            James C. Donnelly           56,956           -
            Jere D. McGaffey             8,908           -
            Daniel F. McKeithan,Jr.                          7,000           -
            Robert A. Nuernberg         44,213           -
            Guy A. Osborn                8,000           -
            Thomas F. Schrader         108,232           -
            Stuart W. Tisdale          135,506 (5)       -
            George E. Wardeberg         40,917           -
            Joseph P. Wenzler          116,175 (6)       -
            Essie M. Whitelaw            6,000           -
            William B. Winter            8,553           -

            All directors and          553,319           3.3%
            executive officers as
            a group (13 persons)
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8

(1)  Each beneficial owner exercises sole voting and investment power with
     respect to the shares shown as owned beneficially, except as noted in
     footnotes (3), (5) and (6).

(2)  Includes the following numbers of shares covered under options
     exercisable as of or within 60 days of February 28, 1995:  Mr.
     Donnelly, 51,483; Mr. Nuernberg, 34,766; Mr. Schrader, 79,133; Mr.
     Wardeberg, 7,000; Mr. Wenzler, 74,100; Mr. Tisdale, 4,000; Messrs
     Bueche, Davis, McGaffey, McKeithan, Osborn and Winter and Ms. Whitelaw,
     6,000 each; and all directors and executive officers as a group,
     265,400.

(3)  Includes the following numbers of shares of restricted stock over which
     the holders have sole voting but no investment power:  Mr. Donnelly,
     4,000; Mr. Nuernberg, 800; Mr. Schrader, 4,000; Mr. Wardeberg, 6,000;
     and Mr. Wenzler, 3,000; and all directors and executive officers as a
     group, 17,800.  The restricted stock vests in 1997 if the Company's
     total return to shareholders for the three-year period 1994-96 exceeds
     a pre-established goal.

(4)  Where no percentage figure is set out in this column, the person owns
     less than 1% of the outstanding shares.

(5)  Includes 4,852 shares owned by Mr. Tisdale's spouse.

(6)  Includes 526 shares owned by Mr. Wenzler's spouse.



                      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The following tabulation is a three-year summary of the compensation
awarded or paid to, or earned by, the persons who served as Company's chief
executive officer during 1994 and each of the Company's four other most
highly compensated executive officers whose total cash compensation exceeded
$100,000 in 1994.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9
                                         SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Long Term
                                              Annual Compensation         Compensation Awards
                                     ---------------------------------------         -------------------------
                                                                                     Securities   
                                                            Other Annual              Restricted    Underlying     All Other 
Name and Principal                                          Compensation                Stock        Options/      Compensation
Position                      Year   Salary($)   Bonus($)      ($)(1)   Awards($)(2)   SARs(#)   ($) (3) 
--------------------------------     ----      ----------   ----------- ------------ ------------   ----------     ------    ------
<S>                           <C>    <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>       <C>
Stuart W. Tisdale, Chairman   1994   $106,681(5)            $   33,538  $   25,170             $       0           $     2,302
  and Chief Executive Officer of     1993       488,750        244,375                            26,100                19,533
  the Company and Chairman of 1992    470,000     145,000                               25,000      14,574
  Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite
  and SHURflo (4)
  
George E.Wardeberg, President and    1994      327,500         113,200               $   185,250       15,000           19,241
  Chief Executive Officer of the     1993      272,000         150,000      52,459                18,000                16,257
  Company and Chairman of Wiscon-    1992      220,567          37,825                             6,000                 4,364
  sin Gas, Sta-Rite and SHURflo(6)

Thomas F. Schrader, Vice President   1994      264,925          65,163                   123,500       10,000           16,112
  of the Company and President and   1993      260,000         142,881                            10,500                15,192
  Chief Executive Officer of  1992   248,500       75,000                               13,200      13,776
  Wisconsin Gas               
  
James C. Donnelly, Vice President    1994      251,633         105,020                   123,500       10,000           15,848
  of the Company and President and   1993      236,250         110,174                             7,950                15,203
  Chief Executive Officer of  1992   208,725       35,163                                8,850      13,011
  Sta-Rite                    
   
Joseph P. Wenzler, Vice President,   1994      252,650          69,800                    92,625        7,500           15,498
  Treasurer and Chief Financial      1993      245,300         100,629                             9,750                15,131
  Officer of the Company; Vice       1992      245,300          33,695                            13,200                 6,171
  President and Chief Financial
  Officer of Wisconsin Gas; and 
  Secretary and Treasurer of 
  SHURflo (7)

Robert A. Nuernberg, Secretary       1994      133,000           7,000                    24,700        2,000            9,516
  of the Company; Vice President-    1993      131,000          25,000                             3,000                 9,416
  Corporate Relations and     1992   127,000       16,500                                4,500       9,216
  Secretary of Wisconsin Gas

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10

(1)    The amount reported in this column for Mr. Tisdale represents
       financial planning services.  The aggregate amount of personal
       benefits provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to the other
       executive officers named in this table in any year, and for Mr.
       Tisdale in 1992 and 1993, did not exceed the lesser of $50,000 or
       10% of each officer's annual salary and bonuses reported in the
       table for any of the years indicated, except Mr. Wardeberg in 1993.

(2)    The amounts in the table reflect the market value on the date of
       grant of restricted stock awarded under the 1994 Long-Term
       Performance Plan.  The number of shares of restricted stock held by
       the executive officers named in the table and the market value of
       such shares as of December 31, 1994, were as follows:  Mr.
       Wardeberg, 6,000 shares, $170,250; Messrs. Schrader and Donnelly,
       4,000 shares, $113,500; Mr. Wenzler, 3,000 shares, $85,125; and Mr.
       Nuernberg, 800 shares, $22,700.  The restricted stock vests in 1997
       provided the Company's three-year (1994-96) total return to
       shareholders exceeds a pre-established goal.  Holders of shares of
       restricted stock are entitled to receive dividends on such shares.

(3)    The amounts shown in this column for 1994 are comprised of the
       following items:  Company contributions to 401(k) and supplemental
       savings plans:  Mr. Tisdale $2,063; Mr. Wardeberg $16,375; Mr.
       Schrader $13,246; Mr. Donnelly $12,982; Mr. Wenzler $12,632; and Mr.
       Nuernberg, $6,650.  Supplemental medical insurance premium:  Mr.
       Tisdale $239; Mr. Wardeberg $2,866; Mr. Schrader $2,866; Mr.
       Donnelly $2,866; Mr. Wenzler $2,866; and Mr. Nuernberg, $2,866.

(4)    Mr. Tisdale retired as an executive officer of the Company on
       February 1, 1994.

(5)    Includes vacation pay accrued but unused in 1994.

(6)    On February 1, 1994, Mr. Wardeberg was elected as President and
       Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as Chairman of Wisconsin
       Gas, Sta-Rite and SHURflo.

(7)    Mr. Wenzler was elected Secretary and Treasurer of SHURflo on July
       28, 1994.

Stock Option Information
------------------------
  The Company has in effect equity plans pursuant to which options to
purchase Common Stock may be granted to key employees (including executive
officers) of the Company and its subsidiaries.  The following tabulation sets
forth information regarding grants of options made by the Company in 1994 to
the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table.  No SARs were
awarded in 1994.
                       OPTION/SAR GRANTS IN 1994 FISCAL YEAR
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Individual Grants
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Percent of Total
                    Number of Sec. Options Granted          Exercise or          Grant Date
                    Under. Opt./SARs               to Employees       Base Price      Expiration       Present
        Name        Granted (#)(1) in Fiscal Year   ($/sh.)     Date     Value(2) 
------------------- ----------------              ----------------    -----------     ---------     ----------
<S>                    <C>              <C>       <C>          <C>    <C>
Stuart W. Tisdale       2,000 (3)          0      $  30.4375             2/22/04     $   8,200
George E. Wardeberg    15,000           12.7         30.625    2/23/04        61,500
Thomas F. Schrader     10,000            8.5         30.625    2/23/04        41,000
James C. Donnelly      10,000            8.5         30.625    2/23/04        41,000
Joseph P. Wenzler       7,500            6.4         30.625    2/23/04        30,750
Robert A. Nuernberg     2,000            1.7         30.625    2/23/04         8,200

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 11 

(1)  The options reflected in the table (which are nonstatutory stock
     options for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code) were granted on
     February 22, 1994 and vest ratably over the three-year period from the
     date of grant.

(2)  Amounts in this column were calculated using the Black-Scholes option
     pricing model.  The model assumes:  (a) an option term of 10 years;
     (b) a risk-free interest rate of 6.5%; (c) volatility (variance of
     rate of return) of .1828; (d) an annual discount of 3% over the
     vesting period for the risk of forfeiture; and (e) a dividend yield of
     5.87%.  The actual value, if any, that an optionee may realize upon
     exercise will depend upon the excess of the price of the Common Stock
     over the option exercise price on the date that the option is
     exercised.  There is no assurance that the value received by the
     optionee will be at or near the value estimated by the Black-Scholes
     model.

(3)  These options were granted to Mr. Tisdale, in his capacity as a
     director, under the 1992 Director Stock Option Plan.  See Compensation
     of Directors.  Mr. Tisdale received no options in 1994 in his capacity
     as an executive officer of the Company, as he retired as an executive
     officer on February 1, 1995.

     The following tabulation sets forth information regarding the exercise
of stock options during 1994 and the unexercised options held at December 31,
1994, by each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation
Table.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
            AGGREGATED OPTION/SAR EXERCISES IN 1994 FISCAL YEAR, AND FY-END OPTION/SAR VALUES

                                               Numbers of Securities        Value of Unexercised
                                               Underlying Unexercised      In-the-Money Options/
                                             Options/SARs at FY-End (#)      SARs at FY-End ($)      
                  Shares Acquired               Value    ----------------------------              ----------------------------
Name               on Exercise(#)            Realized ($)               Exercisable Unexercisable  Exercisable    Unexercisable
-------------------             ---------------           ------------  ----------- -------------  -----------    -------------
<S>                   <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
Stuart W. Tisdale     107,592    $   553,659                2,000               0   $        0     $          0

George E. Wardeberg                       0                         0          0       23,000               0           14,256

Thomas F. Schrader                    3,000       50,438                  72,400       17,900         516,468           21,044

James C. Donnelly           0              0               45,200          15,600      312,706           14,431

Joseph P. Wenzler       2,600         33,069               67,200          15,150      467,721           20,778

Robert A. Nuernberg                   5,000       86,875   32,600           4,500      260,256            8,031

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13
                   Pension and Retirement Plans

     The Company and its subsidiaries maintain pension and retirement plans
in which the executive officers and other employees participate.  The
companies also maintain supplemental retirement plans for officers and
certain other employees to reflect certain compensation that is excluded
under the retirement plans and to provide benefits that otherwise would have
been accrued or payable except for the limitations imposed by the Internal
Revenue Code.  

     The following tabulation sets forth the annual retirement benefits
payable under the pension plans, as supplemented, for the indicated levels of
final average earnings with various periods of credited service.  Benefits
reflected in the table are based on an assumed retirement age of 65.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        PENSION PLAN TABLE

                                       Years of Service
            ---------------------------------------------------------
Remuneration           15        20        25        30        35   
          ------------        --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
<S>                 <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>     
$ 200,000           $ 58,561  $ 78,081  $ 89,341  $ 92,341  $ 95,341

  250,000             73,411    97,881   111,991   115,741   119,491

  300,000             88,261   117,681   134,641   139,141   143,641

  350,000            103,111   137,481   157,291   162,541   167,791

  400,000            117,961   157,281   179,941   185,941   191,941

  450,000            132,811   177,081   202,591   209,341   216,091

  500,000            147,661   196,881   225,241   232,741   240,241

  550,000            162,511   216,281   247,891   256,141   264,391

  600,000            177,361   236,481   270,541   279,541   288,541

</TABLE>

     The compensation covered by the pension plan, as supplemented, for the
named executive officers includes all compensation reported for each
individual as salary and bonus in the Summary Compensation Table.  Messrs.
Wardeberg, Schrader, Donnelly, Wenzler and Nuernberg have 5, 16, 7, 21 and 25
years, respectively, of credited service under the pension plan.  Mr.
Tisdale, who retired February 1, 1994, receives retirement benefits computed
under the benefit formula based on 30 years of credited service.  Pursuant to
a supplemental retirement plan, Messrs. Schrader and Nuernberg will receive a
supplemental retirement benefit of $25,000 per year for 15 years beginning at
age 65, payable in monthly installments.
     A retired executive officer who is married at the time of retirement
and selects one of the available joint and surviving spouse annuity payment
options will also receive the difference between the monthly benefits payable
under the single life annuity payment option and the 50% joint and surviving
spouse annuity payment option for the lives of the retired officer and
spouse.  Upon the death of the retired officer, the surviving spouse will
receive 50% of the supplemental benefit for life.
     The retirement benefits set out in the above table are based on a
straight life annuity.  The election of other available payment options would
change the retirement benefits shown in the table.  The plan does not provide
for reduction of retirement benefits to offset Social Security or any other
retirement benefits.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14

   BOARD COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The Company's executive compensation program is administered by the
Compensation Committee of the Board.  The Compensation Committee is comprised 
of three independent, non-employee directors.  Following Compensation
Committee review and approval, matters relating to executive compensation
(other than the grant of stock options and restricted stock) are submitted to
the full Board for approval.  The Compensation Committee utilizes an
independent compensation consultant.  The consultant provides advice to the
Committee on compensation-related issues, including incentive plan design and
competitive compensation data for officer positions.

Compensation Policies
---------------------
     Policies are used to set a general direction and as a backdrop against
which specific compensation decisions are made.

     -  Design of executive pay programs is intended to attract and retain
     top talent, motivate and reward performance.

     -    Differences in pay practices and performance measures between the
               Company's primary lines of business are recognized.

     -  Compensation opportunities, by component and in the aggregate, are
     targeted at the median (50th percentile) of competitive practice.

     -  Achievement of incentive compensation levels is dependent on
     attainment of performance goals as agreed to by the Board annually. 
     These goals relate to the achievement of the Company's operating and
     financial plan, individual objectives and milestones in the Company's
     longer-term strategic plan.

     -  In business units where an all-employee bonus or profit-sharing
     program exists, a portion of each executive's incentive compensation is
     determined on the same criteria.

     -  The focus on enhancement of shareholder value is accomplished by
     tying a significant portion of total pay to performance of the
     Company's stock.

     In assessing executive performance and pay, the members of the
Compensation Committee consider and weigh in their judgment factors outside
the formal incentive plans.  These factors include operational and financial
measures not specifically incorporated in the incentive plans, and actual
performance in dealing with unanticipated business conditions during the
year.  The Compensation Committee believes such factors should be considered
in addition to the more formalized factors to assess and reward executive
performance properly. 

     Base salary midpoints, annual incentive targets and long-term incentive
grants are set based on a competitive analysis conducted by the independent
compensation consultant.  As indicated above, compensation opportunities, by
component and in the aggregate, are set at or near the 50th percentile of
competitive practice for comparably sized organizations.  Rates for the gas
utility positions are set using survey sources from the utility industry. 
There is substantial overlap between the companies in these surveys and the
companies used in the peer company index in the Performance Graph.  Rates for
the nonutility positions are set using survey sources from general industry;
there is no overlap with the Performance Graph peer companies here.

Components of Compensation
--------------------------
     Base salary --  The Compensation Committee targets salary range
midpoints as indicated above.  Individual salaries range above and below the
midpoint based upon an individual's past and current performance, and
expectations for future performance.  The factors considered in this review
are job specific and vary depending on the individual's position.  There is
no specific weighting given to these factors.

<PAGE>  15

     Annual incentive plan -- The Company's annual incentive compensation
plan tailors each officer's incentive potential to that officer's Company and
subsidiary responsibilities.  The plan sets incentive targets ranging from
20% to 50% of base salary.  The plan is designed to compensate the officers
primarily on a formula basis.  For the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, the formula bases 75% of the targeted award on the
Company's earnings per share (EPS) and 25% on individual performance
objectives.  For Company Vice Presidents, who are also the subsidiary
presidents, the formula bases 25% of the targeted award on the Company's EPS,
25% on individual performance objectives, and 50% on subsidiary performance
objectives.  Subsidiary performance objectives for Wisconsin Gas include
financial, customer service and safety objectives (weighted at 67% of this
component) and financial objectives (weighted at 33%).  Performance
objectives for Sta-Rite include net earnings (weighted at 67% of this
component) and return on assets (weighted at 33%).  Individual performance
objectives vary among the officers, but may include such things as cost
management, product development, sales growth, personnel management and
development, and management of specific projects.  The Compensation Committee
exercises its judgment on a case-by-case basis in determining the weight to
be accorded any individual performance objective.

     Long-term incentive plan --  The Company's long-term incentive
compensation plan provides for annual awards of stock options and biennial
awards of performance-based restricted stock.  The plan splits an officer's
long-term incentive opportunity equally (based on value) between stock
options and performance-based restricted stock.  The independent compensation
consultant provides the Compensation Committee with a long-term incentive
grant schedule that approximates a market median grant opportunity.  The
Compensation Committee reserves the right to adjust this schedule upward or
downward based on Company performance; however, it is the Compensation
Committee's intention that in most cases grants will be provided at targeted
levels.

     Stock options may be incentive stock options or nonstatutory options
which have a term of not more than ten years and have an exercise price equal
to the fair market value on the date of grant.  The Compensation Committee
determines the manner and conditions under which the options become
exercisable.  The number of options granted is based on the participant's
office or position, with an equal number of shares generally being granted to
individuals holding the same or similar positions, such as vice president of
an operating subsidiary.  Performance-based restricted stock will vest three
years from the year of grant provided the Company's three-year total return
to shareholders equals or exceeds pre-established goals relative to the
Performance Graph peer group (the Paine Webber Gas Distribution Utility
Index).  For other subsidiary officers who participate in the plan, the
restricted stock will vest in three-years provided the appropriate
subsidiary's three-year financial performance (three-year cumulative earnings
for Wisconsin Gas and return on assets for Sta-Rite) equals or exceeds the
pre-established goal.

Compensation of Officers
------------------------
     The Compensation Committee sets base salaries of officers within the
established ranges. The Compensation Committee considers specified financial
measures tailored to the Company and each subsidiary, each officer's
contribution to achieving corporate goals, and such officer's achievement of
personal performance objectives.  Examples of financial measures are net
income earned relative to budget, return on total assets, return on sales,
and rate of return earned versus allowed.  The Compensation Committee weighs
the financial measures differently for each officer, in recognition that the
Company's principal subsidiaries operate in different industries with
different compensation practices and that the officers' responsibilities
differ.  For example, the rate of return earned versus that nominally allowed 
 by state regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the gas utility
subsidiary is applicable only to officers of the utility company, whereas
return on total assets and return on sales are applicable primarily to
officers of the manufacturing subsidiaries.  Examples of personal performance
objectives considered by the Compensation Committee are set out above in<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16

the discussion of the Annual Incentive Plan.  The Compensation Committee
exercises its judgment in determining the relative weight to be accorded each
personal objective.

     As stated above, each officer's annual incentive award, if any, is
based on a formula, although the Compensation Committee exercises its
judgment in determining the weights to be accorded the achievement of
personal objectives.  Long-term incentive awards (stock options and
restricted stock) are also formula-based, with individual awards being set
relative to the officer's position.  The specific number of stock options
awarded is based on the number of options to be awarded to all key employees
of the Company and its subsidiaries and the number of options previously
granted and outstanding, as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
Options granted in 1994 were non-statutory, have a term of ten years, and
first become exercisable one-third each year on the first, second and third
anniversary of the grant.  Restricted stock grants were made at the targeted
amounts.

Compensation of the Chief Executive Officer
-------------------------------------------
     Stuart W. Tisdale served as the Company's Chief Executive Officer until
February 1, 1994.  Mr. Tisdale received no long-term incentive award or any
increase in base salary in 1994.  He received a prorated annual incentive
award of $33,538.

     For 1994, the Compensation Committee increased the base salary of
George E. Wardeberg, the Company's Chief Executive Officer beginning February
1, 1994, by $78,000 or 29% effective April 1, 1994.  The increase reflects
his increased responsibilities as Chief Executive Officer, his overall
performance, as demonstrated by the increase in the Company's total return to
shareholders in 1993 compared to the peer group which is shown in the graph
in the Performance Presentation section below, and his position in the salary
range.  The increase sets Mr. Wardeberg's salary in the first quartile of the
range targeted by the Compensation Committee.

     The Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Wardeberg 15,000 nonstatutory
stock options and 6,000 shares of performance-based restricted stock in 1994. 
The number of options and the number of shares of restricted stock awarded
were at the targeted number established in the long-term incentive
compensation plan.

     The annual incentive award to Mr. Wardeberg for 1994 was $113,200, or
35% of his salary as compared to a target of 50% of salary.  This award
reflects Mr. Wardeberg's contributions to the Company during 1994.  The less
than targeted incentive award was caused by certain financial objectives not
being met due to weather that was 9% warmer than normal.  This resulted in
less than targeted earnings at the Company's gas distribution operation. 
However, the Company's manufacturing operations had a strong year with net
earnings up 51% for the year.  As a result, WICOR's net earnings and earnings
per share increased 13% and 9%, respectively.  WICOR also outperformed its
industry peers, achieving a total return to shareholders ranking in the top
third nationwide.  In addition, Mr. Wardeberg accomplished his personal
objectives in the areas of growth, human resources and preserving the
Company's financial strength.  The Compensation Committee exercised its
judgment in determining the weights accorded to his accomplishment of these
personal objectives.

Compliance with Tax Regulations
-------------------------------
     The Company has considered the implications of the Section 162(m) tax
rules regarding deductibility of annual executive compensation over $1
million.  The cash compensation levels for Company officers fall well below
this level and, hence, no specific changes are proposed to the cash
compensation program.  However, it is important to note that most of the
components of compensation described above are consistent with the tax rules
regarding performance-based compensation incentives.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17

     The Compensation Committee did, however, seek qualification of the
stock components of the program as "performance-based compensation" plans
pursuant to these tax rules.  To that end, proposals were included in the
1994 Proxy Statement establishing a per-person limitation for stock option
and restricted stock awards.  The proposals were approved by the
shareholders.

                             Wendell F. Bueche, Chairman
                             Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr.
                             Guy A. Osborn
                             Members of the Compensation Committee

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  18

                     PERFORMANCE PRESENTATION

     The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the
Company's cumulative total shareholder return (dividends declared plus share
appreciation) to the S&P 500 Stock Index and the Paine Webber Gas
Distribution Utility Index, comprised of 35 U.S. natural gas distribution
utilities.  The Paine Webber index is identical to the Kidder, Peabody Gas
Distribution Utility Index used by the Company in prior years.  The name
change reflects the acquisition of Kidder, Peabody by Paine Webber in 1994. 
The information presented assumes that all dividends were reinvested.


     [Performance graph will appear here.]

             Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Return
                 Among WICOR, Inc., S&P 500 Index
          and Paine Webber Gas Distribution Utility Index

                     Measurement Period - FYE
               Measurement Point - December 31, 1988
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  1988     1989     1990     1991      1992     1993 
                 ------   ------   ------   ------    ------   ------
<S>              <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>   
WICOR            $ 100    $ 135    $ 114    $ 151     $ 180    $ 218 

S&P 500                   $ 100    $ 132    $ 128     $ 166    $ 179     $ 197 

Paine Webber     $ 100    $ 134    $ 130    $ 149     $ 175    $ 199 

</TABLE>

                       SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

  Proposals which shareholders of the Company intend to present at the 1996
Annual Meeting of Shareholders must be received by the Company by the close
of business on November 19, 1995.

                           OTHER MATTERS

  Arthur Andersen LLP was retained as the Company's independent auditors for
the year ended December 31, 1994 and, upon the recommendation of the Audit
Committee, the Board has reappointed Arthur Andersen as independent public
accountants for the Company for the year ending December 31, 1995.  A
representative of Arthur Andersen is expected to be present at the Annual
Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if such representative
desires to do so, and it is expected that such representative will be
available to respond to appropriate questions.

  The Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
before March 31, 1995, an annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1994.  The Company will provide without charge a copy of
this Form 10-K (including financial statements and financial statement
schedules, but not including exhibits thereto) to each person who is a record
or beneficial holder of shares of Common Stock as of the record date for the
Annual Meeting and who submits a written request for it.  A request for a
Form 10-K should be addressed to Robert A. Nuernberg, Secretary, WICOR, Inc.,
P.O. Box 334, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201.

  Management does not intend to present to the Annual Meeting any matters
other than the matters described in this Proxy Statement.  Management knows
of no other matters to be brought before the Annual Meeting.  However, if any
other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, it is the
intention of the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy to vote thereon
in accordance with their best judgment.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  19

  The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by the Company.  The Company
expects to solicit proxies primarily by mail.  Proxies may also be solicited
personally and by telephone by certain officers of the Company and regular
employees of its subsidiaries.  The Company may reimburse brokers and other
nominees for their expenses in communicating with the persons for whom they
hold Common Stock.



                                  By Order of the Board of Directors

                                  Robert A. Nuernberg
March 10, 1995                    Secretary<PAGE>
<PAGE>  20
                            APPENDIX I

                  WICOR VOTER AUTHORIZATION CARD

                                                   [X] Please mark your
                                                      votes as this  
                                                     WICOR
                                             VOTING AUTHORIZATION
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all nominees in Item 1.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.  Election of the following nominees as directors for three-year terms:

     Wendell F. Bueche, Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr., George E. Wardeberg and     
    Essie M. Whitelaw

    FOR all nominees         WITHHOLD                            
    (except as marked        AUTHORITY                        
    to the contrary)     to vote for all nominees
         / /                    /  / 
    (Instruction: To withhold authority to vote 
     for any nominee write the name below)
    -------------------------------------------
    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Please check this box if
    .                                         .  you plan to attend the
    .                                         .  annual meeting
    .                                         .         / /
    .                                         .
    .                                         .  This Voting Authoriza-
    .                                         .  tion is Solicited by the
    .                                         .  Board of Directors
    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Signature(s) _________________________________    Date ________________

NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon.  Joint owners should each sign. 
When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian,
please give full title as such.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
                                        FOLD AND DETACH HERE
March 9, 1995

Dear WICOR Shareholder:

Enclosed is a notice of WICOR's annual shareholders meeting, coming up
April 27, 1995, in Milwaukee.  Also enclosed is a proxy statement and voting
authorization card.  You have already received a copy of the 1994 WICOR
annual report.

It's important that you fill out and return the authorization card as soon
as possible.  It entitles you, as an owner of WICOR common stock through our
company's savings plan, to vote your interest at the annual meeting.

Filing out the card directs Citibank, N.A., as Trustee of your shares held
in the savings plan as of February 17, 1995, to vote them on your behalf. 
You must return your marked and signed card in order to have the Trustee
vote your shares.

The WICOR Board of Directors urges you to exercise this right to vote.  To
make sure your vote counts, and to prevent the expense of WICOR sending
further reminder notices, please mark and sign your voting authorization
card now and return it to the Trustee in the enclosed envelope.

Thank you,

Sincerely,
Robert A. Nuernberg
Secretary<PAGE>
<PAGE>  21

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT.  TO ASSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE WICOR
SHAREHOLDERS ANNUAL MEETING, MARK YOUR VOTES ON THE ENCLOSED VOTING
AUTHORIZATION CARD, DATE IT, SIGN IT EXACTLY AS YOUR NAME APPEARS AND RETURN
IT  TODAY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.


         ---  (BACKSIDE OF VOTER AUTHORIZATION FORM)  ---

                              WICOR
                                
                      VOTING AUTHORIZATION


The undersigned acknowledges receipt of the WICOR, Inc. Annual Report for
1994 and the proxy solicitation material relative to the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders of WICOR, Inc. to be held April 27, 1995.  As to my interest in
the Common Stock of WICOR, Inc. held by Citibank, N.A., the Trustee under
the Wisconsin Gas Company Non-Union Employees' Savings Plan, Wisconsin Gas
Company Local 6-18 Savings Plan and Wisconsin Gas Company Local No. 1
Savings Plan, or held by M and I Marshall and Ilsley Bank, the trustee under
the Sta-Rite Industries' Incentive Savings Plan, I hereby instruct the
Trustee to vote as indicated on the reverse side.



The shares represented by this authorization will be voted as directed by
the undersigned.  If no direction is given when the duly executed
authorization is returned, the Trustee cannot vote such shares.



THIS VOTING AUTHORIZATION IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR USE AT
THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF WICOR, INC., APRIL 27, 1995.

                                    (continued on the reverse side)
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  22
                            APPENDIX II

                      COMMON STOCK PROXY CARD
                                                  /X/  Please mark your
                                                       votes as this 
                               WICOR
                               PROXY
------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all nominees in Item 1.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Election of the following nominees as directors for three-year terms:
   Wendell F. Bueche, Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr., George E. Wardeberg and
   Essie M. Whitelaw

   FOR all nominees           WITHHOLD                                  
   (except as marked          AUTHORITY                              
    to the contrary)   to vote for all nominees
         / /                     / /

    (Instruction: To withhold authority to vote for 
     any nominee write the name below)
    -----------------------------------------------
                                               Please check this box
                                               if you plan to attend
                                               the annual meeting
                                                       [  ]
                                               This Proxy is Solicited
                                               by the Board of Directors
Signature(s) ____________________________________    Date __________________

NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon.  Joint owners should each sign. 
When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian,
please give full title as such.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
                       FOLD AND DETACH HERE
March 9, 1995

Dear WICOR Shareholder:

We're pleased to send you the enclosed 1994 annual report and proxy
materials.  I hope you'll find the annual report interesting and
informative, and that you'll exercise your  right to vote at the annual
meeting by returning your proxy card promptly.

I'd also like to invite you to attend WICOR's Annual Meeting of Shareholders
on Thursday, April 27, 1995.  This year's meeting will be held at the Italian
Community Center, 631 East Chicago Street, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, beginning
at 2:00 p.m. (Central Time).  A map with directions to the center is on the
reverse side of this letter.  Free parking is available in a lot on the
south side of the building.

At the meeting, we will elect directors, discuss 1994 performance and talk
about the future.  As an investor in WICOR, you have a right and a
responsibility to vote on issues affecting your company.  Regardless of
whether you plan to attend the annual meeting, please mark the appropriate
boxes on the proxy form, and then date, sign and promptly return the form in
the enclosed, postage-paid envelope.  If you sign and return the proxy form
without specifying your choices, your shares will be voted according to the
recommendations of your board of directors. 

If you plan to attend the annual meeting, please check the appropriate box
on the proxy card.  We welcome your comments and suggestions, and we will
provide time during the meeting for questions from shareholders.  I hope to
see you on April 27.

Sincerely,

George E. Wardeberg
President and Chief Executive Officer<PAGE>
<PAGE>  23

                               WICOR

                     COMMON SHAREHOLDER PROXY

The undersigned hereby appoints George E. Wardeberg and Joseph P. Wenzler,
and each of them, as proxy with the power of substitution (to act by a
majority present or if only one acts then by that one) to vote for the
undersigned as indicated on the reverse side and in their discretion on such
other matters as may properly be considered at the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders of WICOR, Inc. to be held Thursday, April 27, 1995, at 2:00
P.M., at the Italian Community Center, 631 E. Chicago Street, Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, and at any adjournments thereof.

The shares represented by this proxy will be voted as directed by the
shareholder.  If no direction is given when the duly executed proxy is
returned, such shares will be voted "FOR" all nominees in Item 1 and in the
discretion of the proxies on any other items of business as may properly
arise at the meeting.

Please mark, date and sign on the reverse side exactly as name appears and
return in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.  If shares are held jointly,
each shareholder named should sign.  If signing as attorney, administrator,
executor, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such.  If a
corporation, please sign in full corporate name by duly authorized officer.



THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR USE AT THE ANNUAL
MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF WICOR, INC., APRIL 27, 1995.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
                       FOLD AND DETACH HERE



           Map of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin, showing
                    location of annual meeting.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  24

                           APPENDIX III

             Proxy cover letter to Sta-Rite employees.



March 10, 1995


Dear Incentive Savings Plan Participant:

This year, for the first time, employees who hold WICOR stock through
Sta-Rite's 401K (Incentive Savings Plan) are receiving the enclosed WICOR
Proxy statement and Voter Authorization Card.  These materials make it
possible for you to vote your stock at WICOR's annual meeting, which will be
held at the Italian Community Center in Milwaukee on April 27.

I encourage you to exercise your right to vote by filling out the
authorization card and returning it as soon as you can.  The card allows the
Trustee of your shares to vote the shares on your behalf as you direct.

This year, as you will notice on the Voter Authorization Card, four of the
ten directors on the WICOR Board of Directors are up for reelection to the
board.  A complete list of board members appears in the enclosed proxy
statement and in the annual report, which you should have already received. 
The report also contains a variety of significant financial data and other
important information about our parent company and its subsidiaries,
including Sta-Rite.

As the accompanying letter from Mr. Nuernberg says, your vote is important. 
I hope you will return your signed voting authorization card today.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

Jim Donnelly
President and CEO<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
