-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 C4sIs64IE2o3ydyTNCnRTIZAMWfduBC/xlJOUWRKOtAD50yEoUbwYpBawb8kkINa
 PL0yXr+xkrgT6UyDhixCCw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000314890-96-000003.txt : 19960318
<SEC-HEADER>0000314890-96-000003.hdr.sgml : 19960318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000314890-96-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960315
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WICOR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000314890
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				391346701
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07951
		FILM NUMBER:		96535093

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		626 E WISCONSIN AVE
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4142917026

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		626 E WISCONSIN AVE
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1995 WICOR FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED 12/31/95
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D.C. 20549
                                
                            FORM 10-K

    /x/ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
           For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995
                               OR
    / / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
               THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
           For the transition period from         to        
                                
                  Commission file number 1-7951
Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter  WICOR,Inc.

                Wisconsin                       39-1346701
    (State or other jurisdiction of           (IRS Employer
     incorporation or organization)         Identification No.)

                    626 East Wisconsin Avenue
                          P.O. Box 334
                   Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201
             ---------------------------------------
            (Address of principal executive offices)
Registrant's telephone number, including area code 414-291-7026

    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Common Stock, $1 par value               New York Stock Exchange
Associated Common Stock Purchase Rights  New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed 
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months 
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to 
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days.   X   Yes        No.

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ X ]

     Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-
affiliates of the registrant: $604,073,514 at February 29, 1996.

     Number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of February 29, 1996:
          Common Stock, $1 par value   18,305,258 shares

                Documents Incorporated by Reference
    WICOR, Inc. proxy statement dated March 12, 1996 (Part III)
  WICOR, Inc. 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders (Parts I and II)<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
                        TABLE OF CONTENTS 

                                                           PAGE

PART I           1

  Item 1.   Business                                     1
  (a)  General Development of Business                   1
  (b)  Financial Information about Industry Segments     1
  (c)  Narrative Description of Business                 1
       
       1.   Energy                                       1
            A.   General                                 1
            B.   Gas Markets and Competition             2
            C.   Gas Supply,Pipe Capacity and Storage    3
                 (1)  General                            3
                 (2)  Pipeline Capacity and Storage      3
                 (3)  Term Gas Supply                    4
                 (4)  Spot Market Gas Supply             4
            D.   Wisconsin Regulatory Matters            4
                 (1)  Rate Matters                       4
                 (2)  Transition Cost Recovery Policy    5
                 (3)  Gas Cost Recovery Mechanism        5
                 (4)  Service Area Expansion             5
                 (5)  Changing Regulatory Environment    5
            E.   Employees                               5

       2.   Manufacturing of Pumps and Fluid
              Processing and Filtration Equipment        6
            A.   General                                 6
            B.   U.S. Operations                         6
            C.   International Operations                6
            D.   Raw Materials and Patents               7
            E.   Employees                               7

  Item 2.   Properties                                   7
  (a)  Capital Expenditures                              7
  (b)  Energy.............                               7
  (c)  Manufacturing of Pumps, Fluid Processing
            and Filtration Equipment                     7

  Item 3.   Legal Proceedings                            8

  Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of 
                      Security Holders                   9

  Executive Officers of the Registrant                   9

PART II                                                  10

  Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity 
                 and Related Stockholder Matters         10

  Item 6.   Selected Financial Data                      11

  Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis 
                 of Results of Operations and 
                 Financial Condition                     11<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued)
                                                           PAGE
  
  Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  11

  Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with 
                 Accountants on Accounting and 
                 Financial Disclosure                    11


PART III                                                 11

  Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers 
                 of the Registrant                       11

  Item 11.  Executive Compensation                       11

  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain 
                 Beneficial Owners and Management        12
  
  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related 
                 Transactions                            12


PART IV                                                  12

  Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, 
                 and Reports on Form 8-K                 12

       (a)  Documents Filed as Part of the Report        12
       
            1.   All Financial Statements and Financial
                   Statement Schedules                   12
            2.   Financial Statement Schedules           12
            3.   Exhibits                                12

       (b)  Reports on Form 8-K                          15<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
                              PART I 


Item 1.     BUSINESS 

  (a)  General Development of Business 

  WICOR, Inc. (the "Company" or "WICOR") is a diversified 
holding company with two principal business groups:  energy and 
manufacturing, with the following subsidiaries engaged in the 
indicated businesses. Wisconsin Gas Company ("Wisconsin Gas") 
engages in retail distribution of natural gas.  As discussed 
below, WICOR Energy Services Company ("WES") is a new subsidiary 
formed by WICOR to sell energy supplies and energy-related 
services.  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. ("Sta-Rite"), SHURflo Pump 
Manufacturing Co. ("SHURflo") and Hypro Corporation ("Hypro") 
are manufacturers of pumps and fluid processing and filtration 
equipment.  The Company is a Wisconsin corporation and maintains 
its principal executive offices in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 

  The Company was incorporated in 1980 at which time it 
acquired all the outstanding common stock of Wisconsin Gas 
through a merger.  The Company acquired all of the outstanding 
common stock of Sta-Rite and Shurflo through mergers in 1982 and 
1993, respectively.

  In March, 1995, the Company formed WICOR Energy Services 
Company, as a wholly-owned subsidiary.  WES, which does business 
as WICOR Gas Marketing, is in the business of selling a variety 
of energy supply-related services, including natural gas 
purchasing, storage, and energy and risk management.

  In July 1995, the Company acquired all of the outstanding 
stock of Hypro Corporation through a cash purchase.  Hypro is a 
manufacturer of pumps and fluid-handling equipment for the 
agricultural, high-pressure cleaning, marine, industrial and 
firefighting markets.

  On January 31, 1996, the Company acquired an 80% ownership 
interest in Hydro-Flow Filtration Systems, Inc. ("Hydro-Flow"). 
 Hydro-Flow is a California-based manufacturer of disposable in-
line and cartridge filtration devices for use in water treatment 
applications.

  At December 31, 1995, the Company (including subsidiaries) 
had 3,359 full-time equivalent employees.

  (b)  Financial Information About Industry Segments 

  Reference is made to the section entitled "Financial 
Review-General Overview" set forth in the Company's 1995 Annual 
Report to Shareholders.  Such section is included in Exhibit 13 
hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5

  (c)  Narrative Description of Business 

                            1.  ENERGY 
A.     General 

  Wisconsin Gas is the largest natural gas distribution 
public utility in Wisconsin.  At December 31, 1995, Wisconsin 
Gas distributed gas to approximately 505,000 residential, 
commercial and industrial customers in 503 communities 
throughout Wisconsin having an estimated population of nearly 
2,000,000 based on the State of Wisconsin's estimates for 1995. 
Wisconsin Gas is subject to the jurisdiction of the Public 
Service Commission of Wisconsin ("PSCW") as to various phases of 
its operations, including rates, service and issuance of 
securities.  See "Wisconsin Regulatory Matters."

  WES is in the start-up phase of its business, and 
accordingly, its results are not material to the Company's 
financial position or results of operations. 


B.     Gas Markets and Competition 

  Wisconsin Gas' business is highly seasonal, particularly as 
to residential and commercial sales for space heating purposes, 
with a substantial portion of its sales occurring in the winter 
heating season.  Competition in varying degrees exists between 
natural gas and other forms of energy available to consumers.  
Most of Wisconsin Gas' large commercial and industrial customers 
are dual-fuel customers that are equipped to switch between 
natural gas and alternate fuels.  Wisconsin Gas offers 
transportation services for these customers to enable them to 
reduce their energy costs and use gas rather than other fuels.  
Under gas transportation agreements, customers typically seek to 
purchase lower-priced spot market gas directly from producers or 
other sellers and arrange with pipelines and Wisconsin Gas to 
have the gas transported to their facilities. Wisconsin Gas also 
offers gas sales services that are priced to compete with these 
transportation services.  Wisconsin Gas earns the same margin 
(difference between revenue and cost of gas), whether it sells 
gas to customers or transports customer-owned gas.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6
  The following table sets forth the volumes of natural gas 
delivered by Wisconsin Gas to its customers.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        Year Ended
                              ----------------------------------   
                                December 31,     December 31,
                              ---------------- ----------------
                              000's of         000's of
                              Therms *    %    Therms *   *
Customer Class                --------- -----  --------- -----
<S>                           <C>       <C>    <C>       <C>
Sales
  Residential                   494,250  38.0    463,690  38.8
  Commercial                    211,570  16.3    185,980  15.5
  Large Volume Commercial
    and Industrial Firm         134,960  10.4    145,440  12.2
  Commercial and Industrial
    Interruptible               313,530  24.1    282,170  23.6
                              --------- -----  --------- -----
Total Sales                   1,154,310  88.8  1,077,280  90.1
Transportation
- --------------
 Transported                    145,490  11.2    119,080   9.9
                              --------- -----  --------- -----
Total Gas Throughput          1,299,800 100.0  1,196,360 100.0
                              ========= =====  ========= =====
</TABLE>

*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.

  The volumes shown as transported represent customer-owned 
gas that was delivered by Wisconsin Gas to its customers.  The 
remaining volumes represent quantities sold and delivered to 
customers by Wisconsin Gas.

  Wisconsin Gas secures approximately 98% of all new 
residential heating, 88% of existing residential and commercial 
retrofit and 70% of all new commercial construction in its 
service territory.

  The PSCW has instituted a proceeding to consider how its 
regulation of gas distribution utilities should change to 
reflect the changing competitive environment in the gas 
industry.  See "Wisconsin Regulatory Matters".  In 1995, 
Wisconsin Gas added nearly 10,000 customers and now serves more 
than one-half million customers.  See "Wisconsin Regulatory 
Matters - Service Area Expansion".

  Up to 25% of Wisconsin Gas' Milwaukee area annual market 
requirements can be supplied through the interstate pipelines of 
either ANR Pipeline Company ("ANR") or Northern Natural Gas 
Company ("NNG").   This capability enhances competition between 
ANR and NNG for services to Wisconsin Gas and its customers, and 
Wisconsin Gas believes that such competition provides overall 
lower gas costs to all customers than otherwise would exist.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

  Wisconsin Gas' future ability to maintain its present share 
of the industrial dual-fuel market (the market that has 
installed capability to use gas or other fuels) depends upon 
Wisconsin Gas' success in obtaining long-term and short-term 
supplies of natural gas at marketable prices and its success in 
arranging or facilitating transportation service for those 
customers that desire to buy their own gas supplies.  Although 
the dual-fuel market comprises approximately 35% of Wisconsin 
Gas' annual deliveries, it contributes only about 12% of 
Wisconsin Gas' margin.


C.     Gas Supply, Pipeline Capacity and Storage

  (1)   General

  Prior to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's 
("FERC") Order No. 636, the interstate pipelines serving 
Wisconsin Gas were the primary suppliers of natural gas to 
Wisconsin Gas.  During the transition period prior to the 
implementation of Order No. 636, Wisconsin Gas gradually assumed 
responsibility for the acquisition of supply in the production 
areas of North America, as well as the management of 
transportation and storage capacities to deliver that supply to 
its market area.  On November 1, 1993, Wisconsin Gas commenced 
full operation and responsibility for its supply and capacity 
under the requirements of Order No. 636.

  One of the provisions of Order No. 636 is capacity release. 
 Capacity release creates a secondary market for pipeline 
capacity and gas supplies.  Local distribution companies, such 
as Wisconsin Gas, must contract for capacity and supply 
sufficient to meet the peak day firm demand of their customers. 
 Peak or near peak days occur only a few times each year, so 
capacity release facilitates higher utilization of capacity 
during those times when the capacity is not needed by the 
utility.  Through pre-arranged agreements and day-to-day 
electronic bulletin board postings, interested parties can 
purchase that capacity.  The proceeds from these transactions 
are passed through to ratepayers, thereby helping to offset the 
costs associated with holding the capacity.  During 1995, 
Wisconsin Gas was an active participant in the capacity release 
market.

  Operating under Order No. 636, Wisconsin Gas Company has 
been able to meet its contractual obligations with both its 
suppliers and its customers despite periods of severe cold and 
unseasonably warm weather, including record cold weather in late 
January and early February, 1996.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8
  
  (2)  Pipeline Capacity and Storage

  Interstate pipelines serving Wisconsin originate in three 
major gas producing areas of North America:  the Oklahoma and 
Texas basins, the Gulf of Mexico and western Canada.  Wisconsin 
Gas has contracted for long-term firm capacity on a relatively 
equal basis from each of these areas.  This strategy reflects 
management's belief that overall supply security is enhanced by 
geographic diversification of Wisconsin Gas' supply portfolio 
and that Canada represents an important long-term source of 
reliable, competitively priced gas.

  Because of the seasonal variations in gas usage in 
Wisconsin, Wisconsin Gas has also contracted with ANR and NNG 
for substantial underground storage capacity, primarily in 
Michigan.  There are no known underground storage formations in 
Wisconsin capable of commercialization.  Storage enables 
Wisconsin Gas to optimize its overall gas supply and capacity 
costs.  In summer, gas in excess of market demand is transported 
into the storage fields, and in winter, gas is withdrawn from 
storage and combined with gas purchased in or near the 
production areas ("flowing gas") to meet the increased winter 
market demand. As a result, Wisconsin Gas can contract for less 
pipeline capacity than would otherwise be necessary, and it can 
purchase gas on a more uniform daily basis from suppliers year-
round.  Each of these capabilities enables Wisconsin Gas to 
reduce its overall costs.

  Wisconsin Gas also maintains high deliverability storage in 
the production area which is designed to deliver gas when other 
supplies cannot be delivered during extremely cold weather.

  Wisconsin Gas' firm winter daily transportation and storage 
capacity entitlements from pipelines under long-term contracts 
are set forth below.

                              Maximum Daily
                              (Thousands  
           Pipeline            of Therms*) 
       ----------------       -------------
       ANR
         Mainline                 2,999
         Storage                  4,879
       NNG
         Mainline                 1,085
         Storage                    150
       Viking
         Mainline                    72
       Peaking Facilities            69
                              -------------
       Total                      9,254
                              =============

*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9

  (3)  Term Gas Supply

  Wisconsin Gas has contracts for firm supplies with terms in 
excess of 30 days with approximately 30 gas suppliers for gas 
produced in each of the three producing areas discussed above.  
The term contracts have varying durations so that only a portion 
of Wisconsin Gas' gas supply expires in any year.  Wisconsin Gas 
believes the volume of gas under contract is sufficient to meet 
its forecasted firm peak day demand.  The following table sets 
forth Wisconsin Gas' winter season maximum daily firm total gas 
supply.

                                     Maximum Daily
                                      (Thousands 
                                       of Therms*) 
                                     --------------
       Domestic flowing gas             2,350
       Canadian flowing gas             1,482
       Storage withdrawals              5,029
                                     --------------
            Total                       8,861
                                     ==============

*One therm equals 100,000 BTU's.

  (4)  Spot Market Gas Supply

  Wisconsin Gas expects to continue to make gas purchases in 
the 30-day spot market as price and other circumstances dictate. 
Wisconsin Gas has purchased spot market gas since 1985 and has 
supply relationships with a number of sellers from whom it 
purchases spot gas.

D.     Wisconsin Regulatory Matters

  (1)  Rate Matters 

  Wisconsin Gas is subject to the jurisdiction of the PSCW as 
to various phases of its operations, including rates, customer 
service and issuance of securities. 

  Wisconsin Gas' rates are subject to a three year margin rate 
cap (through October 1997) based on the rates in effect in 
November 1993, less a $10.4 million reduction implemented when 
the margin cap became effective in November, 1994.  The PSCW 
order also specified margin rate floors for each rate class.  
Wisconsin Gas has the ability to raise or lower margin rates 
within the specified range on a quarterly basis.  The rates at 
December 31, 1995 were $4.5 million below the cap because of 
annualized rate reductions of $3.0 million and $1.5 million made 
by the utility in 1995<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10

  Wisconsin Gas' rates contain clauses providing for periodic 
adjustment, with PSCW approval, to reflect changes in purchased 
gas costs including the recovery of transition costs passed 
through by pipeline suppliers.  See "Wisconsin Regulatory 
Matters - Transition Cost Recovery Policy" and "Wisconsin 
Regulatory Matters - Gas Cost Recovery Mechanism".

  (2)  Transition Cost Recovery Policy

  Under Order No. 636, interstate pipelines are permitted to 
recover certain costs incurred in the transition from the 
bundled sales service to the unbundled Order No. 636 regime.  
ANR and NNG have filed to recover transition costs.  ANR and NNG 
may file in the future to recover additional transition costs, 
and Wisconsin Gas will bear a portion of such additional costs 
approved by the FERC.  The PSCW has permitted Wisconsin Gas to 
recover transition costs from customers through its rates.

  In the judgment of management, the incurrence of these 
transition costs will have no material effect on Wisconsin Gas' 
operations or financial condition under current PSCW policy.  
See Note 7a to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
contained in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1995 Annual Report to 
Shareholders, which note is hereby incorporated herein by 
reference.

  (3)  Gas Cost Recovery Mechanism

  The PSCW has instituted a proceeding to determine whether 
changes should be made to the purchased gas adjustment ("PGA") 
mechanism.  In particular, the PSCW is examining whether to 
replace the PGA with an incentive mechanism.  In general, an 
incentive gas cost recovery mechanism would establish a targeted 
gas cost, and the utility would be rewarded or penalized based 
on its gas costs relative to the target.  Hearings are scheduled 
for March 1996 and it is expected that any changes to the 
current PGA will be effective November 1, 1996. The Company 
cannot predict what, if any, changes the PSCW may order, nor the 
impact such changes would have.

  (4)  Service Area Expansion
  
  In recent years, Wisconsin Gas has increased its efforts to 
obtain regulatory approvals to extend gas service to previously 
unserved communities.  In 1995, Wisconsin Gas added nearly 
10,000 customers.  Over the last five years, Wisconsin Gas has 
extended service to 99 new communities and added 52,000 
customers.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  11

  (5)  Changing Regulatory Environment

  The PSCW has instituted a proceeding to consider how its 
regulation of gas distribution utilities should change to 
reflect the changing competitive environment in the gas 
industry.  To date, the PSCW has made a policy decision to 
deregulate gas costs for customer segments with workably 
competitive market choices.  The PSCW has identified numerous 
issues which must be resolved before its policy can be 
implemented.  A generic proceeding has been instituted during 
which these issues will be aired and decided.  Hearings are 
scheduled to begin in January 1996, with the expectation that 
the new regulatory framework will be implemented by the end of 
1996.  The Company is unable to determine what impact this 
proceeding may have on Wisconsin Gas' operations or financial 
position.

E.     Employees 

  At December 31, 1995, the energy group had 1,098 full-time 
equivalent active employees.

  2.  MANUFACTURING OF PUMPS AND FLUID PROCESSING AND FILTRATION 
EQUIPMENT

A.     General 

  The Company's manufacturing subsidiaries manufacture pumps 
and fluid processing and filtration equipment for residential, 
agricultural and industrial markets world wide. Manufacturing 
and assembly activities are conducted in plants in the United 
States, United Kingdom, Australia, Italy, New Zealand, Russia, 
Germany and Mexico.

B.     U.S. Operations 

  Water products include jet, centrifugal, sump, submersible 
and submersible turbine water pumps, water storage and pressure 
tanks, filters, and pump and tank systems. These products pump, 
filter and store water used for drinking, cooking, washing and 
livestock watering, and are used in private and public swimming 
pools, spas, "hot tubs", jetted bathtubs, and fountains.  The 
manufacturing businesses also produce large higher pressure and 
capacity water pumps used in agricultural and turf irrigation 
systems and in a wide variety of commercial, industrial and 
municipal fluids-handling applications.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12

  Small, high performance pumps, and related fluids-handling 
products, are used in four primary markets:  (1) the food 
service industry, where gas operated pumps are used for pumping 
soft drinks made from syrups, and electric motor driven pumps 
are used for water boost and drink dispensing; (2) the 
recreational vehicle and marine markets, where electric motor 
driven pumps are used for a variety of applications including 
pumping potable water in travel trailers, motor homes, camping 
trailers and boats, and for other applications including marine 
wash down, bilge and live well pumping; (3) industrial markets, 
where applications are concentrated in the soil extraction 
market for use in carpet cleaning machines, agricultural markets 
for spraying agricultural pesticides and fertilizers, and 
general industrial applications requiring fluid handling; and 
(4) the water purification industry, where electric motor driven 
pumps are used to pressurize reverse osmosis systems and for 
water transfer.

  Sales of pumps and water processing equipment are somewhat 
related to the seasons of the year as well as the level of acti-
vity in the housing construction industry and are sensitive to 
weather, interest rates, discretionary income, and leisure and 
recreation spending.  The markets for most water and industrial 
products are highly competitive, with price, service and product 
performance all being important competitive factors.  The 
Company believes it is a leading producer of pumps for private 
water systems and swimming pools and spas and for the food 
service and recreational vehicle markets. Management believes 
the Company also ranks among the larger producers of pool and 
spa filters and submersible turbine pumps.  Major brand names 
under trademarks include "STA-RITE", "BERKELEY", "SHURflo", 
"FLOTEC","Aquatools", "AQUALITY", "FoamPro", "ONGA", "Hypro", 
"Sherwood", "SherTech" and "Nocchi".

  Domestic pumps and water products are sold and serviced 
primarily through a network of independent distributors, 
dealers, retailers and manufacturers' representatives serving 
the well drilling, hardware, plumbing, pump installing, 
irrigation, pool and spa, food service, recreational vehicle, 
marine, industrial and do-it-yourself markets.  Sales are also 
made on a private brand basis to large customers in all water 
products markets and to original equipment manufacturers.

  Backlog of orders for pumps and water products is not a 
significant indicator of future sales.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13

C.     International Operations 

  International operations are conducted primarily by 
international subsidiaries and export operations from the United 
States.  Products are sold to markets in approximately 100 
countries on six continents.  Foreign manufacturing is carried 
out by United Kingdom, German, Australian, New Zealand, Italian, 
Mexican and Russian subsidiaries.  The products sold in the 
international markets in some cases are similar to those sold in 
the United States, but in many instances have distinct features 
required for those markets.  Product distribution channels are 
similar to those for domestic markets.  Non-domestic sales, 
including exports, were 39% of 1995 manufacturing group sales.

D.     Raw Materials and Patents

  Raw materials essential to the manufacturing operations are 
available from various established sources in the United States 
and overseas.  The principal raw materials needed for production 
of the Company's primary lines of products include cast iron, 
aluminum and bronze castings for pumps; copper wire and aluminum 
for motors; stainless and carbon sheet steel, bar steel and 
tubing; plastic resins for injection molded components; and 
powdered metal components. The manufacturing units also purchase 
from third party suppliers completely assembled electric motors, 
plastic molded parts, elastomers for valves and diaphragms, 
components for electric motors, stamped and die cast metal 
parts, and hardware and electrical components.  Although the 
manufacturing subsidiaries own a number of patents and hold 
licenses for manufacturing rights under other patents, no one 
patent or group of patents is critical to the success of the 
manufacturing businesses as a whole.

E.     Employees 

  At December 31, 1995, the manufacturing group had 2,261 full 
time equivalent active employees.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES

(a)    Capital Expenditures

  The Company's capital expenditures for the year ended 
December 31, 1995, totaled $56.2 million.  Retirements during 
this period totaled $8.1 million.  Except as discussed under 
"Legal Proceedings", the Company does not expect to make any 
material capital expenditures for environmental control 
facilities in 1996.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14

(b)    Energy

  Wisconsin Gas owns a distribution system which, on December 
31, 1995, included approximately 8,300 miles of distribution and 
transmission mains, 414,000 services and 539,000 active meters. 
Wisconsin Gas' distribution system consists almost entirely of 
plastic and coated steel pipe.  Wisconsin Gas also owns its main 
office building in Milwaukee, office buildings in certain other 
communities in which it serves, gas regulating and metering sta-
tions, peaking facilities and its major service centers, 
including garage and warehouse facilities.

  The Milwaukee and other office buildings, the principal 
service facilities and the gas distribution systems of Wisconsin 
Gas are owned by it in fee subject to the lien of its Indenture 
of Mortgage and Deed of Trust, dated as of November 1, 1950, 
under which its first mortgage bonds are issued, and to permis-
sible encumbrances as therein defined.  Where distribution mains 
and services occupy private property, Wisconsin Gas in some, but 
not all, instances has obtained consents, permits or easements 
for such installations from the apparent owners or those in 
possession, generally without an examination of title.

(c)    Manufacturing of Pumps, Fluid Processing and Filtration
Equipment

  The manufacturing group has 15 manufacturing facilities 
located in California (2), Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, 
Wisconsin (2), Germany, Australia (2), Italy (2), New Zealand, 
Russia and Mexico.  These plants contain a total of 
approximately 1,466,000 square feet of floor space.  These 
businesses also own or lease ten sales/distribution facilities 
in the United States, six in Australia, two in England, and one 
each in Canada, France, Italy, Mexico, New Zealand and 
Singapore.

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

  There are no material legal proceedings pending, other than 
ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company's busi-
nesses, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a 
party, except as discussed below.  There are no material legal 
proceedings to which any officer or director of the Company or 
any of its subsidiaries is a party or has a material interest 
adverse to the Company.  There are no material administrative or 
judicial proceedings arising under environmental quality or 
civil rights statutes pending or known to be contemplated by 
governmental agencies to which the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is or would be a party.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  15

  The manufacturing subsidiaries are involved in various 
environmental matters, including matters in which the 
subsidiaries or alleged predecessors have been named as 
potentially responsible parties under the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act 
("CERCLA"). The Company has established accruals for all 
environmental contingencies of which management is aware in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  In 
establishing these accruals, management considered (a) reports 
of environmental consultants retained by the Company, (b) the 
costs incurred to date by the Company at sites where clean-up is 
presently ongoing and the estimated costs to complete the 
necessary remediation work remaining at such sites, (c) the 
financial solvency, where appropriate, of other parties that 
have been responsible for remediation at specified sites, and 
(d) the experience of other parties who have been involved in 
the remediation of comparable sites.  The accruals recorded by 
the Company with respect to environmental matters have not been 
reduced by potential insurance or other recoveries and are not 
discounted.  Although the Company has and will continue to 
pursue such claims against insurance carriers and other 
responsible parties, future potential recoveries remain 
uncertain, and, therefore, were not recorded as a reduction to 
the estimated gross environmental liabilities.  Based on the 
foregoing and given current information, management believes 
that future costs in excess of the amounts accrued on all 
presently known and quantifiable environmental contingencies 
will not be material to the Company's financial position or 
results of operations.

  Sta-Rite has entered into a contract with the Wisconsin 
Department of Natural Resources ("WDNR") to perform and complete 
the Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study and Remedial 
Design/Remedial Action phases of the Federal Superfund 
environmental process for the Delavan, Wisconsin Municipal Well 
No. 4, which is located close to one of Sta-Rite's facilities.  
In 1990 and 1991, Sta-Rite provided reserves to cover the 
estimated costs under the contract.  No additions to reserves 
were required since 1991. Although management believes the 
amounts reserved will be adequate to effect any necessary 
restoration, there is a possibility that additional costs may be 
incurred.

  In July 1994, Sta-Rite was notified by the WDNR that it 
believed solvents used at a manufacturing site previously 
operated by Sta-Rite have migrated and contributed to the 
contamination of a Deerfield, Wisconsin municipal well, serving 
Deerfield residents, and surrounding property.  In August, 1995 
the WDNR issued an order to investigate, restore and repair the 
natural resouces located in Deerfield.  Based upon the 
preliminary investigation and reserves established, the Company 
believes that the resolution of this matter will not have a 
material adverse effect upon its financial condition.  However, 
there is a possibility that costs in excess of the amount 
reserved may be incurred in the future.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16

  Wisconsin Gas has identified two previously owned sites on 
which it operated manufactured gas plants that are of 
environmental concern.  Such plants ceased operations prior to 
the mid-1950's.  Wisconsin Gas has engaged an environmental 
consultant to help determine the nature and extent of the 
contamination at these sites. Based on the test results obtained 
and the possible remediation alternatives available, the Company 
has estimated that cleanup costs could range from $22 million to 
$75 million.  As of December 31, 1995, the Company has accrued 
$36.4 million for future cleanup costs.  These estimates are 
based on current undiscounted costs.  It should also be noted 
that the numerous assumptions such as the type and extent of 
contamination, available remediation techniques, and regulatory 
requirements which are used in developing these estimates are 
subject to change as new information becomes available. Any such 
changes in assumptions could have a significant impact on the 
potential liability.  Due to anticipated regulatory treatment, 
changes in the recorded liability do not immediately impact net 
income.

  The WDNR issued a Probable Responsible Party letter to 
Wisconsin Gas for these two sites in September, 1994.  Following 
receipt of this letter, Wisconsin Gas and the WDNR held an 
initial meeting to discuss the sites.  At the meeting it was 
agreed that Wisconsin Gas would prepare a remedial action 
options report from which it will select specific remedial 
actions for recommendation to the WDNR.  During 1995, Wisconsin 
Gas gathered additional environmental data regarding these two 
sites, held extensive discussions concerning remedial options 
with current land owners and solicited information from 
environmental consulting and remediation firms on technology and 
approaches that would best suit the sites.  The efforts were 
directed toward preparing a remedial action options report and 
recommendations for presentation to the WDNR in 1996.  Once such 
a plan is approved, initial remediation work will begin. 
Expenditures over the next three years are expected to total 
approximately $20 million.  Although most of the work and costs 
are expected to be incurred in the first few years of the plan, 
monitoring of sites and other necessary actions may be 
undertaken for up to 30 years.

  In March 1994, Wisconsin Gas commenced suit against nine 
insurance carriers seeking a declaratory judgment regarding 
insurance coverage for the two sites. Settlements were reached 
with each of the carriers during 1994.  Additional insurance 
recoveries are being pursued.  Wisconsin Gas expects full 
recovery of incurred remediation costs, less amounts recovered 
from insurance carriers.  If the amount recovered from the 
insurance carriers is insufficient to remediate both sites, 
expenditures not recovered are expected to be allowed full 
recovery (other than for carrying costs)  in  rates  based upon 
 recent PSCW orders.  Accordingly,  a  regulatory asset has been 
recorded for the accrued cost.  Certain related investigation 
costs incurred to date are currently being recovered in utility 
rates.  However, any incurred costs not yet recovered in rates 
are not allowed by the PSCW to earn a return.  As of December 
31, 1995, $4.8 million of such costs had been incurred.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17
  Wisconsin Gas also owns a service center that is constructed 
on a site that was previously owned by the City of Milwaukee and 
was used by the City as a public dump site.  Wisconsin Gas has 
conducted a site assessment at the request of the WDNR and has 
sent the report of its assessment to the WDNR.  Management 
cannot predict whether or not the WDNR will require any 
remediation action, nor the extent or cost of any remediation 
actions that may be required.  In the judgment of management, 
any remediation costs incurred by Wisconsin Gas will be 
recoverable from the City of Milwaukee or in Wisconsin Gas' 
rates pursuant to the PSCW's orders discussed above.

  See Note 7c to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
contained in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1995 Annual Report to 
Shareholders, which note is hereby incorporated herein by 
reference.

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
  No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders 
during the fourth quarter of 1995.

               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
  The following sets forth the names and ages of, and the 
offices held by, the executive officers of the Company.  The 
officers serve one-year terms commencing with their election at 
the meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual 
meeting of shareholders in April.

        Name            Age            Offices Held
- --------------------    ---     --------------------------------
George E. Wardeberg   60      President and Chief Executive
                              Officer of the Company, and
                              Chairman of Wisconsin Gas,
                              Sta-Rite, SHURflo, Hypro and WICOR
                              Energy Services

Thomas F. Schrader    46      Vice President of the Company and
                              President and Chief Executive
                              Officer of Wisconsin Gas and WICOR
                              Energy Services

James C. Donnelly     50      Vice President of the Company and
                              President and Chief Executive
                              Officer of Sta-Rite

Joseph P. Wenzler     54      Vice President, Treasurer and
                              Chief Financial Officer of the
                              Company; Vice President and Chief
                              Financial Officer of Wisconsin
                              Gas; Treasurer and Secretary of
                              SHURflo and Hypro; and Vice
                              President and Treasurer of WICOR
                              Energy Services

Robert A. Nuernberg   56      Secretary of the Company and WICOR
                              Energy Services; and Vice-
                              President-Corporate Relations and
                                 Secretary of Wisconsin Gas
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  18

  Each of the executive officers has held his position for 
more than five years, except as follows:

  Mr. Wardeberg was elected to his current positions 
effective February 1, 1994.  Prior thereto, he was President and 
Chief Operating Officer of the Company and Vice Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer of Sta-Rite from 1992 to 1994; Vice 
Chairman of Wisconsin Gas and SHURflo from 1993 to 1994; and 
Vice President-Water Systems of Sta-Rite from 1989 to 1992.  
Prior thereto, he was Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer 
of Whirlpool Corporation.

  Mr. Donnelly was elected President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Sta-Rite in 1994.  He has been a Vice President of 
the Company since 1987.  Previously, he served as President and 
Chief Operating Officer of Sta-Rite from 1992 to 1994, and as 
Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company and Wisconsin Gas from 1990 to 1992.  Mr. Donnelly 
joined the Company and Wisconsin Gas in 1987 as Vice President 
and Treasurer.  Prior thereto, he served as Vice President-
Finance of Eastern Gas and Fuel Associates.

  Mr. Wenzler was elected Vice President, Treasurer and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company and Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer of Wisconsin Gas in 1992 and as Treasurer and 
Secretary of SHURflo in 1993.  Prior thereto, he served as Vice 
President of the Company and President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Sta-Rite from 1990 to 1992, and President and Chief 
Operating Officer of Sta-Rite from 1986 to 1990.

  Each of the executive officers assumed their positions with 
Hypro in July, 1995, when Hypro was acquired, and with WICOR 
Energy Services in March, 1995, when  that company was formed.

                              PART II

Item 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED 
      STOCKHOLDER MATTERS                              

  The Company's common stock and the associated common stock 
purchase rights (which do not currently trade independently of 
the common stock) are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.  
For information regarding the high and low sales prices for the 
Company's common stock and dividends paid per share in each 
quarter of 1995 and 1994, see the section entitled "Investor 
Information" set forth in the Company's 1995 Annual Report to 
Shareholders.  Such section is included in Exhibit 13 hereto and 
is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

  At December 31, 1995, there were 15,238 holders of record 
of WICOR common stock.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  19

  The Company's ability to pay dividends is dependent to a 
great extent on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay 
dividends.  The Wisconsin Business Corporation Law and the 
indentures and agreements under which debt of the Company and 
its subsidiaries is outstanding each contain certain 
restrictions on the payment of dividends on common stock by the 
Company's subsidiaries.  See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements contained in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1995 
Annual Report to Shareholders, which note is hereby incorporated 
herein by reference.

  By order of the PSCW, Wisconsin Gas is generally permitted 
to pay dividends up to the amount projected in its rate case 
($16 million).  Wisconsin Gas may pay dividends in excess of $16 
million so long as the payment will not cause its equity ratio 
to fall below 48.43%.  If payment of projected dividends would 
cause its common equity ratio to fall below 43% of total 
capitalization (including short-term debt), or if payment of 
additional dividends would cause its common equity ratio to fall 
below 48.43%, Wisconsin Gas must obtain PSCW approval to pay 
such dividends.  Wisconsin Gas has projected the payment of $19 
million of dividends to the Company during the 12 months ending 
October 31, 1996.  See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements contained in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1995 Annual 
Report to Shareholders, which note is hereby incorporated herein 
by reference.  The PSCW desires Wisconsin Gas to target its 
common equity level at 43% to 50% of total capitalization.  For 
the year ended December 31, 1995, Wisconsin Gas' average common 
equity level was 51%.

  In addition, $6.3 million of Sta-Rite net assets at 
December 31, 1995, plus 50% of Sta-Rite future earnings, are 
available for dividends to the Company.  See Note 6 of Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Exhibit 13, the 
Company's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders, which note is 
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

  Reference is made to the section entitled "Selected 
Financial Data" set forth in the Company's 1995 Annual Report to 
Shareholders.  Such section is included in Exhibit 13 hereto and 
is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF
      OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION                

  Reference is made to the section entitled "Financial 
Review" set forth in the Company's 1995 Annual Report to 
Shareholders.  Such section is included in Exhibit 13 hereto and 
is hereby incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  20

Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

  Reference is made to the WICOR, Inc. consolidated balance 
sheets and consolidated statements of capitalization as of 
December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related consolidated 
statements of income, common equity and cash flow for each of 
the three years in the period ended December 31, 1995, together 
with the report of independent public accountants dated January 
22, 1996, all appearing in Exhibit 13, the Company's 1995 Annual 
Report to Shareholders, which is hereby incorporated herein by 
reference.

Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
      ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE             

  There has been no change in or disagreement with the 
Company's independent auditors on any matter of accounting 
principles or practices or financial statement disclosure re-
quired to be reported pursuant to this item.


                             PART III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

  Reference is made to "Item No. 1:  Election of Directors" 
included in the WICOR proxy statement dated March 12, 1996, 
which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, for the names, 
ages, business experience and other information regarding 
directors and nominees for director of the Company.  See 
"Executive Officers of the Registrant" included in Part I hereof 
for information regarding executive officers of the Company.

Item   11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

  Reference is made to "Executive Compensation" included in 
the WICOR proxy statement dated March 12, 1996, which is hereby 
incorporated herein by reference, for information on compen-
sation of executive officers of the Company; provided, however, 
that the subsections entitled "Board Compensation Committee 
Report on Executive Compensation" and "Executive Compensation - 
Performance Information" shall not be deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference.

Item   12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
       AND MANAGEMENT                                 

  Reference is made to "Security Ownership of Management" 
included in the WICOR proxy statement dated March 12, 1996, 
which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, for 
information regarding voting securities of the Company 
beneficially owned by its directors and officers.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  21

Item   13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

  Reference is made to "Item No. 1:  Election of Directors" 
included in the WICOR proxy statement dated March 12, 1996, 
which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, for the 
information required to be disclosed under this item.


                             PART IV 

Item   14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND 
       REPORTS ON FORM 8-K                         

(a)    The following documents are filed as part of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K: 

  1.   All Financial Statements.  The WICOR, Inc. consolidated 
balance sheets and statements of capitalization as of 
December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related consolidated 
statements of income, common equity and cash flow for 
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
1995, together with the report of independent public 
accountants dated January 22, 1996, included in Exhibit 
13, the Company's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders, 
which is incorporated herein by reference.

  2.   Financial statement schedules.

       Schedule III   Condensed Statements of Income, Retained
                      Earnings and Cash Flow (Parent Company
                      Only) for the Years Ended December 31,
                      1995, 1994 and 1993;  Condensed Balance
                      Sheets (Parent Company Only) as of
                      December 31, 1995 and 1994;  Notes to
                      Parent Company Only Financial Statements.

  Financial statement schedules other than those referred to 
above have been omitted as not applicable or not required.

  3.   Exhibits 

    3.1     WICOR, Inc. Restated Articles of Incorporation, as
            amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
            the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    3.2     WICOR, Inc. By-laws, as amended (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the company's Form 10-K
            Annual Report for 1994).

    4.1     Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of
            November 1, 1950, between Milwaukee Gas Light
            Company and Mellon National Bank and Trust Company
            and D. A. Hazlett, Trustees (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 7-E to Milwaukee Gas Light
                        Company's Registration Statement No. 2-8631).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  22
    4.2     Bond Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 1981,
            between Wisconsin Gas Company and Teachers Insurance
            and Annuity Association of America relating to the
            issuance and sale of $30,000,000 principal amount of
            First Mortgage Bonds, Adjustable Rate Series due
            2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to
            Wisconsin Gas Company's Form S-3 Registration
            Statement No. 33-43729).

    4.3     Indenture dated as of September 1, 1990, between
            Wisconsin Gas Company and First Wisconsin Trust
            Company, Trustee (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.11 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form S-3
            Registration Statement No. 33-36639).

    4.4     Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 19,
            1991, setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas
            Company's 7-1/2% Notes due 1998 (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Wisconsin Gas Company's
            Form 8-K Current Report for November, 1991).
       
    4.5     Officers' Certificate, dated as of September 15,
            1993, setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas
            Company's 6.60% Debentures due 2013 (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Wisconsin Gas Company's
            Form 8-K Current Report for September, 1993).
       
    4.6     Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 7, 1996,
            setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's
            6-3/8% Notes due 2005 (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form 8-K
            Current Report dated November 7, 1995).

    4.7     Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
            of March 29, 1993, among Wisconsin Gas Company and
            Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris
            Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).

    4.8     Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
            of March 29, 1993, among Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.
            and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A.,
            Harris Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley
            Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).

    4.9     Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
            of March 29, 1993, among WICOR, Inc. and Citibank,
            N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust &
            Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly  Report 
                        on Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  23

    4.10    Extension of Revolving Credit and Term Loan
            Agreement, effective March 10, 1995, among WICOR,
            Inc. and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee,
            N.A., Harris Trust & Saving Bank, M&I Marshall &
            Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
            Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April
            28, 1995).

    4.11    Extension of Revolving Credit Agreement dated March
            10, 1995, among Wisconsin Gas Company and Citibank,
            N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust and
            Savings Bank and M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated April 28, 1995).

    4.12    Extension of Revolving Credit Agreement dated March
            10, 1995, among Sta-Rite and Citibank, N.A., Firstar
            Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust and Savings Bank
            and M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A.,
            as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3
            to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
            April 28, 1995).

    4.13    Rights Agreement dated as of August 29, 1989,
            between WICOR, Inc. and Manufacturers Hanover Trust
            Company, Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4 to the Company's Form 8-K current report
            for August, 1989).

    4.14    Loan Agreement, dated as of November 4, 1991, by and
            among M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank, Wisconsin Gas
            Company Employees' Savings Plans Trust and WICOR,
            Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to
            the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

    4.15    Guaranty, dated as of November 4, 1991, from WICOR,
            Inc. to and for the benefit of M&I Marshall & Ilsley
            Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to
            the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

    4.16    Revolving Credit Agreement Amendment, effective July
            12, 1995, among WICOR, Inc. and Citibank, N.A.,
            Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust and
            Savings Bank, M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated October 25, 1995).

    4.17    Loan Agreement Amendment effective December 21,
            1995, by and among Wisconsin Gas Company Employees'
            Savings Plans Trust, WICOR, Inc. and M&I Marshall
                        and Ilsley Bank.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  24

            Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
            of the Registrant, is the obligor under various loan
            agreements in connection with facilities financed
            through the issuance of industrial development
            bonds.  The loan agreements and the additional
            documentation relating to these bond issues are not
            being filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K in
            reliance upon Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 
            Copies of these documents will be furnished to the
            Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

    10.1    Service Agreement dated as of June 1, 1994, among
            WICOR, Inc., Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite
            Industries, Inc., WEXCO of Delaware, Inc. and
            SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co.

    10.2    Endorsement of Hypro Corporation dated as of July
            19, 1995, to Service Agreement among WICOR, Inc.,
            Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. and
            WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.

    10.3#   WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan, as amended
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
            Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
            33-67134).

    10.4#   Forms of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
            connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option
            Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to
            the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

    10.5#   WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock Option Plan,
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
            Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
            33-67132).

    10.6#   Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
            connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock
            Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            4.2 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement
            No. 33-67132).

    10.7#   WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
            Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
            33-55755).

    10.8#   Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
            connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term
            Performance Plan, (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration
            Statement No. 33-55755).
       
    10.9#   Form of restricted stock agreement used in
            connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term
            Performance Plan (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration
                        Statement No. 33-55755).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  25

    10.10#  WICOR, Inc. 1996 Officers' Incentive Compensation
            Plan.

    10.11#  Wisconsin Gas Company Principal Officers'
            Supplemental Retirement Income Program (incorporated
            by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form
            10-K Annual Report for 1993).

    10.12#  Wisconsin Gas Company 1996 Officers' Incentive
            Compensation Plan.

    10.13#  Wisconsin Gas Company Group Travel Accident Plan
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the
            Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    10.14#  Form of Deferred Compensation Agreements between
            Wisconsin Gas Company and certain of its executive
            officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30
            to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1990).

    10.15#  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Officers Supplemental
            Retirement Income Program (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual
            Report for 1989).

    10.16#  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. 1996 Officers' Incentive
            Compensation Plan.

    10.17#  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Group Travel Accident Plan
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the
            Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    10.18#  WICOR, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as
            amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29
            to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    13      Portions of the WICOR, Inc. 1995 Annual Report to
            Shareholders incorporated by reference herein.

    21      Subsidiaries of WICOR, Inc. 

    23      Consent of independent public accountants. 

    27      Financial Data Schedule. (EDGAR version only)

    99      WICOR, Inc. proxy statement dated March 12, 1996. 
            (Except to the extent incorporated by reference,
            this proxy statement is not deemed "filed" with the
            Securities and Exchange Commission as part of this
            Form 10-K.)

#Indicates a plan under which compensation is paid or payable to 
directors or  executive officers of the Company.

(b)    Reports on Form 8-K. 
       No Current Report on Form 8-K was filed during the fourth
              quarter of 1995.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  26

  SIGNATURES


  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized.


                                        WICOR, Inc.


Date:  March 12, 1996         By        JOSEPH P. WENZLER       
                                 ------------------------------
                                        Joseph P. Wenzler 
                                 Vice President, Treasurer, and
                                     Chief Financial Officer<PAGE>
<PAGE>  27


  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, this report has been signed on the succeeding pages by 
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the 
capacities and on the dates indicated.

  WICOR, Inc. 

       Signature            Title                   Date 

GEORGE E. WARDEBERG     
George E. Wardeberg  President, Chief Executive  March 12, 1996 
                     Officer and Director
                     (Principal Executive Officer)

JOSEPH P. WENZLER       
Joseph P. Wenzler    Vice President, Treasurer   March 12, 1996 
                     and Chief Financial Officer 
                     (Principal Financial Officer 
                     and Principal Accounting 
                     Officer) 

WENDELL F. BUECHE    Director                    March 12, 1996
Wendell F. Bueche


WILLIE D. DAVIS      Director                    March 12, 1996
Willie D. Davis


JERE D. MCGAFFEY     Director                    March 12, 1996
Jere D. McGaffey


DAN F. MCKEITHAN,JR  Director                    March 12, 1996
Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr.


GUY A. OSBORN        Director                    March 12, 1996
Guy A. Osborn


THOMAS F. SCHRADER   Director                    March 12, 1996
Thomas F. Schrader                      


STUART W. TISDALE    Director                    March 12, 1996
Stuart W. Tisdale                       


ESSIE M. WHITELAW    Director        March 12, 1996
Essie M. Whitelaw             


WILLIAM B. WINTER    Director        March 12, 1996
William B. Winter<PAGE>
<PAGE>  28


       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SCHEDULES



To WICOR, Inc.:

We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards, the consolidated financial statements included in
Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, and have issued our report thereon
dated January 22, 1996.  Our audit was made for the purpose of
forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole. 
Supplemental Schedule III is the responsibility of the Company's
management and is presented for purposes of complying with the
Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of
the basic consolidated financial statements.  This schedule has
been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit
of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in our
opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial
data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.










                                      ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
January 22, 1996<PAGE>
<PAGE>  29

                              Schedule III - Condensed
                         Parent Company Financial Statements
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                                (Parent Company Only)
                                 Statement of Income


                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                 1995        1994        1993
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                    (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Income:
  Equity in income of subsidiaries
    after dividends.........................   $ 16,052    $ 10,154    $  9,356

  Cash dividends from subsidiaries..........     23,000      23,000      21,500

  Interest income and other.................      2,237         373         267
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                 41,289      33,527      31,123
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Expenses:
  Operating (Supplemental Note C)...........      1,120         455       1,942
  Interest .................................        275         163         259
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                  1,395         618       2,201
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Income Before Parent Company Income Taxes...     39,894      32,909      28,922
Income Taxes................................        367        (265)       (391)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------

Net Income..................................   $ 39,527    $ 33,174    $ 29,313
                                               =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  30
                              Schedule III - Condensed
                   Parent Company Financial Statements (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                                (Parent Company Only)
                           Statement of Retained Earnings





                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                 1995        1994        1993
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                    (Thousands of Dollars)
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance - Beginning of Year.................   $101,418    $ 94,643    $ 90,102
  Add:
    Net income..............................     39,527      33,174      29,313
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                140,945     127,817     119,415

  Deduct:
    Cash dividends on common stock..........     27,454      26,399      24,099
    Other...................................          -           -         673
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Balance - End of Year ......................   $113,491    $101,418    $ 94,643
                                               =========   =========   =========

</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  31
                              Schedule III - Condensed
                Parent Company Only Financial Statements (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                               Statement of Cash Flows
                  Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents


                                                    Year Ended December 31,
(Thousands of Dollars)                         --------------------------------
                                                 1995        1994        1993
                                               --------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Operations-
  Net income ...............................   $ 39,527    $ 33,174    $ 29,313
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
   net cash flows:
    Equity in (income) losses of
      subsidiaries..........................    (16,052)    (10,154)     (9,356)
    Change in deferred income taxes.........         12         (58)        (73)
    Change in intercompany receivables......    (11,715)        123      (7,342)
    Change in income taxes payable..........        597       1,548       6,923
    Change in other current assets..........          3          33          98
    Change in other current liabilities.....         62        (254)        178
    Change in other non-current assets and
      liabilities...........................     (1,149)       (843)       (185)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                 11,285      23,569      19,556
Investment Activities                          ---------   ---------   ---------
  Investments in subsidiaries...............    (37,875)     (5,000)    (12,000)
  Proceeds from sale of assets..............      5,099           -           -
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                (32,776)     (5,000)    (12,000)
Financing Activities-                          ---------   ---------   ---------
  Issuance of common stock..................     40,285      10,649      16,682
  Dividends paid on common stock, less
    amounts reinvested......................    (27,454)    (23,247)    (21,450)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                 12,831     (12,598)     (4,768)
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents.........     (8,660)      5,971       2,788
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning
  of Year...................................     13,076       7,105       4,317
                                               ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year....   $  4,416    $ 13,076    $  7,105
                                               =========   =========   =========

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information
Cash paid (received) during the year for:
  Interest paid.............................   $      -    $      -    $      1
  Income taxes paid.........................      1,525      (4,440)      2,805

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  32
                              Schedule III - Condensed
                         Parent Company Financial Statements (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     WICOR, INC.
                                (Parent Company Only)
                                    Balance Sheet
                                                             As of December 31,
                                                          ----------------------
             (Thousands of Dollars)                          1995        1994
                                                          ----------------------
<S>                                                       <C>         <C>
Assets
- ------
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.............................  $   4,416   $  13,076
  Intercompany receivable, net (Supplemental Note B)....     13,754       2,039
  Other.................................................         76          79
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                             18,246      15,194
                                                          ----------  ----------

Investment in Subsidiaries, at equity...................    337,241     286,725
                                                          ----------  ----------

Deferred Income Taxes ..................................        192         204
Deferred Charges and Other..............................        578         491
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                          $ 356,257   $ 302,614
                                                          ==========  ==========
Liabilities and Capitalization
- ------------------------------
Current Liabilities:
  Income taxes payable..................................  $   5,020   $   4,423
  Other.................................................        161          99
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                              5,181       4,522
                                                          ----------  ----------

Deferred Credits........................................        495         254
                                                          ----------  ----------
Capitalization:
  ESOP loan guarantee (Supplemental Note D).............      5,315       6,370
                                                          ----------  ----------
  Common equity:
    Common stock, $1 par value, authorized 60,000,000
      shares; outstanding 18,237,000 and 16,918,000
      shares, respectively .............................     18,237      16,918
    Other paid-in-capital ..............................    219,133     180,000
    Retained earnings ..................................    113,491     101,418
    Unearned compensation (Supplemental Note D).........     (5,595)     (6,868)
                                                          ----------  ----------
      Total common equity...............................    345,266     291,468
                                                          ----------  ----------
                                                          $ 356,257   $ 302,614
                                                          ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  33

                     Schedule III - Condensed
          Parent Company Financial Statements (continued)

                            WICOR, Inc.

         Notes to Parent Company Only Financial Statements



The following are supplemental notes to the WICOR, Inc. (Parent
Company Only) financial statements and should be read in
conjunction with the WICOR, Inc. Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto included herein under Item 8:


SUPPLEMENTAL NOTES

A.     The parent company files a consolidated Federal income
       tax return with its subsidiaries.


B.     Net amounts due from subsidiaries result from
       intercompany transactions including advances and Federal
       income tax liabilities, less payments of expenses by
       subsidiaries on behalf of WICOR, Inc.


C.     During 1995, 1994 and 1993, the parent company allocated
       certain administrative and operating expenses to its
       subsidiaries using an allocation method approved by the
       PSCW:
       <TABLE>
       <CAPTIONS>

                                        1995        1994        1993
                                     ----------  ----------  ----------
       <S>                           <C>         <C>         <C>
       Administrative and operating
          expenses allocated
          to subsidiaries            $2,409,000  $2,452,000  $2,388,000
                                     ==========  ==========  ==========

D.     In November 1991, WICOR, Inc. (Parent Company Only)
       established an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
       covering non-union employees of Wisconsin Gas.  Because
       the parent company has guaranteed the loan, the unpaid
       balance is shown as a liability on the balance sheet with
       a like amount of unearned compensation recorded as a
       reduction of stockholders' equity.

       The ESOP trustee is repaying the $10 million loan with
       dividends paid on the shares of WICOR common stock in the
              ESOP and with Wisconsin Gas contributions to the ESOP.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  34
    3.1     WICOR, Inc. Restated Articles of Incorporation, as
            amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
            the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    3.2     WICOR, Inc. By-laws, as amended (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the company's Form 10-K
            Annual Report for 1994).

    4.1     Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of
            November 1, 1950, between Milwaukee Gas Light
            Company and Mellon National Bank and Trust Company
            and D. A. Hazlett, Trustees (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 7-E to Milwaukee Gas Light
            Company's Registration Statement No. 2-8631).

    4.2     Bond Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 1981,
            between Wisconsin Gas Company and Teachers Insurance
            and Annuity Association of America relating to the
            issuance and sale of $30,000,000 principal amount of
            First Mortgage Bonds, Adjustable Rate Series due
            2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to
            Wisconsin Gas Company's Form S-3 Registration
            Statement No. 33-43729).

    4.3     Indenture dated as of September 1, 1990, between
            Wisconsin Gas Company and First Wisconsin Trust
            Company, Trustee (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.11 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form S-3
            Registration Statement No. 33-36639).

    4.4     Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 19,
            1991, setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas
            Company's 7-1/2% Notes due 1998 (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Wisconsin Gas Company's
            Form 8-K Current Report for November, 1991).
       
    4.5     Officers' Certificate, dated as of September 15,
            1993, setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas
            Company's 6.60% Debentures due 2013 (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Wisconsin Gas Company's
            Form 8-K Current Report for September, 1993).
       
    4.6     Officers' Certificate, dated as of November 7, 1996,
            setting forth the terms of Wisconsin Gas Company's
            6-3/8% Notes due 2005 (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4 to Wisconsin Gas Company's Form 8-K
            Current Report dated November 7, 1995).

    4.7     Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
            of March 29, 1993, among Wisconsin Gas Company and
            Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris
            Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on
                        Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  35

    4.8     Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
            of March 29, 1993, among Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.
            and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A.,
            Harris Trust & Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley
            Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).

    4.9     Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
            of March 29, 1993, among WICOR, Inc. and Citibank,
            N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust &
            Savings Bank, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly  Report 
            on Form 10-Q dated as of August 9, 1993).

    4.10    Extension of Revolving Credit and Term Loan
            Agreement, effective March 10, 1995, among WICOR,
            Inc. and Citibank, N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee,
            N.A., Harris Trust & Saving Bank, M&I Marshall &
            Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A., as Agent
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
            Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April
            28, 1995).

    4.11    Extension of Revolving Credit Agreement dated March
            10, 1995, among Wisconsin Gas Company and Citibank,
            N.A., Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust and
            Savings Bank and M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated April 28, 1995).

    4.12    Extension of Revolving Credit Agreement dated March
            10, 1995, among Sta-Rite and Citibank, N.A., Firstar
            Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust and Savings Bank
            and M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank and Citibank, N.A.,
            as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3
            to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
            April 28, 1995).

    4.13    Rights Agreement dated as of August 29, 1989,
            between WICOR, Inc. and Manufacturers Hanover Trust
            Company, Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4 to the Company's Form 8-K current report
            for August, 1989).

    4.14    Loan Agreement, dated as of November 4, 1991, by and
            among M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank, Wisconsin Gas
            Company Employees' Savings Plans Trust and WICOR,
            Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to
                        the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  36

    4.15    Guaranty, dated as of November 4, 1991, from WICOR,
            Inc. to and for the benefit of M&I Marshall & Ilsley
            Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to
            the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

    4.16    Revolving Credit Agreement Amendment, effective July
            12, 1995, among WICOR, Inc. and Citibank, N.A.,
            Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Harris Trust and
            Savings Bank, M&I Marshall and Ilsley Bank and
            Citibank, N.A., as Agent (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
            Form 10-Q dated October 25, 1995).

    4.17* Loan Agreement Amendment effective December 21,
          1995, by and among Wisconsin Gas Company Employees'
          Savings Plans Trust, WICOR, Inc. and M&I Marshall
          and Ilsley Bank.

            Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
            of the Registrant, is the obligor under various loan
            agreements in connection with facilities financed
            through the issuance of industrial development
            bonds.  The loan agreements and the additional
            documentation relating to these bond issues are not
            being filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K in
            reliance upon Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 
            Copies of these documents will be furnished to the
            Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

    10.1* Service Agreement dated as of June 1, 1994, among
          WICOR, Inc., Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite
          Industries, Inc., WEXCO of Delaware, Inc. and
          SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co.

    10.2* Endorsement of Hypro Corporation dated as of July
          19, 1995, to Service Agreement among WICOR, Inc.,
          Wisconsin Gas Company, Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. and
          WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.

    10.3# WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option Plan, as amended
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
          Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
          33-67134).

    10.4# Forms of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
          connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1987 Stock Option
          Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to
          the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1991).

    10.5# WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock Option Plan,
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
          Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
                    33-67132).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  37

    10.6# Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
          connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1992 Director Stock
          Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          4.2 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement
          No. 33-67132).

    10.7# WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
          Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
          33-55755).

    10.8# Form of nonstatutory stock option agreement used in
          connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term
          Performance Plan, (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration
          Statement No. 33-55755).
       
    10.9# Form of restricted stock agreement used in
          connection with the WICOR, Inc. 1994 Long-Term
          Performance Plan (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration
          Statement No. 33-55755).

    10.10#* WICOR, Inc. 1996 Officers' Incentive Compensation
            Plan.

    10.11#  Wisconsin Gas Company Principal Officers'
            Supplemental Retirement Income Program (incorporated
            by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form
            10-K Annual Report for 1993).

    10.12#* Wisconsin Gas Company 1996 Officers' Incentive
            Compensation Plan.

    10.13#  Wisconsin Gas Company Group Travel Accident Plan
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the
            Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    10.14#  Form of Deferred Compensation Agreements between
            Wisconsin Gas Company and certain of its executive
            officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30
            to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1990).

    10.15#  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Officers Supplemental
            Retirement Income Program (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Form 10-K Annual
            Report for 1989).

    10.16#* Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. 1996 Officers' Incentive
            Compensation Plan.

    10.17#  Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. Group Travel Accident Plan
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the
                        Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).<PAGE>
<PAGE>  38

    10.18#  WICOR, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, as
            amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29
            to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for 1992).

    13*     Portions of the WICOR, Inc. 1995 Annual Report to
            Shareholders incorporated by reference herein.

    21*     Subsidiaries of WICOR, Inc. 

    23*     Consent of independent public accountants. 

    27*     Financial Data Schedule. (EDGAR version only)

    99*     WICOR, Inc. proxy statement dated March 12, 1996. 
            (Except to the extent incorporated by reference,
            this proxy statement is not deemed "filed" with the
            Securities and Exchange Commission as part of this
            Form 10-K.)

* Idicates document filed herewith.

#Indicates a plan under which compensation is paid or payable to 
directors or  executive officers of the Company.
<PAGE>

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.17
<TEXT>



<PAGE>  1
                                               EXHIBIT   4.17

THIRD AMENDMENT
TO
LOAN AGREEMENT

	This Third Amendment to Loan Agreement is made and entered 
into as of the 21st day of December, 1995, by and among 
Wisconsin Gas Company Employees' Saving Plans Trust (the 
"Trust"), WICOR, Inc. (the "Company") and M & I Marshall & 
Ilsley Bank, a Wisconsin banking corporation (the "Bank").  All 
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement by and among the 
Trust, the Company and the Bank dated as of November 4, 1991 
(the "Agreement") as amended.

WITNESETH

	WHEREAS, the stated maturity of the ESOP Note (as amended) 
is December 29, 1995; and

	WHEREAS, the Trust has requested that the maturity date of 
the ESOP Note be extended until March 29, 1996 and the Bank has 
agreed to such extension.

	NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

	1.	Amendment of Subsection 2.1.  Subsection 2.1 of the 
Agreement (as amended) shall be, and it hereby is, further 
amended by deleting the first sentence thereof in its entirety 
and, in lieu thereof, inserting the following:

		"Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Bank 
agrees to lend to the Trust, on the Effective Date, Ten Million 
Dollars ($10,000,000), which amount shall be payable in nineteen 
(19) consecutive installments, consisting of eighteen (18)  
consecutive Quarterly installments of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand 
Dollars ($250,000) each payable on the last Business Day of each 
Quarter commencing on November 30, 1991, and a final payment in 
the amount of the outstanding principal balance on March 29, 
1996.

	2.	Amendment of Subsection 2.2.  Subsection 2.2 of the 
Agreement (as amended) shall be, and it hereby is, further 
amended by deleting part (b) thereof in its entirety and, in 
lieu thereof, inserting the following:


<PAGE>  2
	"(b) be stated to mature on March 29, 1996, and be payable 
as provided in subsection 2.1 hereof, and"

	3.	Effectiveness of Amendment.  This Amendment shall 
become effective upon receipt of the Bank of (I) copy of this 
Amendment duly executed by the rust, the Bank and the Company, 
(ii) the Consent of Guarantor attached to this amendment duly 
executed by the Company and (iii) the Amended and Restated 
Promissory Note substantially in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A executed by the Trust which Note shall hereinafter  
constitute the ESOP Note.


	4.	Miscellaneous

	(a)	The Trust hereby represents and warrants to the Bank 
that all of the representations and warranties made by the Trust 
in the Loan Documents are true and correct on the date of this 
Amendment and that no Default or Event of Default under the 
Agreement has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this 
Amendment.

	(b)	The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Bank 
that all of the representations and warranties made by the 
Company in the Loan Documents are true and correct on the date 
of this Amendment, that no Default or Event of Default under the 
Agreement has occurred and is continuing as of the date of this 
Amendment; that the making, execution and delivery of this 
Amendment, and performance of and compliance with the terms of 
the Agreement, as hereby amended, (I) have been duly authorized 
by the Boards of directors of Wisconsin gas and of the Company 
and by all other actions, (ii) do not and will not conflict 
with, contravene or violate any provision of, or result in a 
breach of or default under, or require the waiver (not already 
obtained) of any provision of or the consent (not already given) 
of any Person under the terms of the Trust Agreement and (iii) 
will not violate, conflict with, or constitute a default under 
any law, regulation, order or any other requirement of any 
court, tribunal, arbitrator, or Governmental Authority, that the 
Agreement, as amended hereby and the ESOP Note, as now amended 
and restated by the Amended and Restated Promissory Note 
constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Trust, 
and are enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, 
except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally the 
enforcement of creditors' rights


<PAGE>  3

	(c)	Each reference in the Agreement to "this agreement": 
and each reference in the ESOP Note and the Guaranty to 
"Agreement" shall be deemed a reference to the Agreement as 
amended by this Third Amendment and the First and Second 
Amendments entered into on November 4, 1994, and November 3, 
1995, respectively.

	(d)	Except as amended by this Amendment (and the prior 
amendments dated November 4, 1994, and November 3, 1995); the 
terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in all other 
respects in full force and effect.

	(e)	The Company acknowledges and agrees that pursuant to 
section 11.6 of the Guaranty, the Company shall cause Wisconsin 
Gas to reimburse the Bank for all of  its out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses incurred in connection with this Amendment t, 
including the fees and disbursements of the counsel to the Bank 
for the preparation hereof and expenses incurred in connection 
herewith.

	(f)	The Amendment and the rights and obligations of the 
parties hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
Wisconsin.

	
	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Third Amendment to Loan Agreement to be executed by their 
respective officers as of the date first written above.

				MARSHALL & ILSLEY TRUST COMPANY
				AS TRUSTEE FOR THE WISCONSIN GAS COMPANY
				EMPLOYEES' SAVINGS PLANS TRUST


				By: Charlene Kelimann,  VP
										(Title)
				WICOR, INC.

				By:J.P. Wenzler   VP, Treasurer & CFO
										(Title)

				M&I MARSHALL & ILSLEY BANK

				By Brian Cooper,   VP
										(Title)

				By Gina A. Peters,  SVP
										(Title)


<PAGE>  4
CONSENT OF GUARANTOR

	The undersigned hereby (I) acknowledges and agrees that the 
Guaranty executed by the undersigned is and remains in full 
force and effect subject to no defense, counterclaim or offset 
of any kind, (ii) acknowledges its receipt of a copy of the 
foregoing Amendment, acknowledges that it has received notice of 
the extension of the time for payment of the ESOP Loan pursuant 
to such Amendment and hereby consents and agrees to the terms of 
the foregoing Amendment, all in accordance with Section 7 of the 
Guaranty and (iii) acknowledges and agrees that the giving of 
the undersigned's consent to the foregoing Amendment shall not 
in any way be construed to require the giving of the 
undersigned's consent to any future amendment.

	Dated as of December 21, 1995.

			WICOR, INC.

			By JP Wenzler, VP, Treasurer & CFO
							(Title)






1




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                 
<PAGE>  1
                                               EXHIBIT  10.1
WICOR, INC. SYSTEM

                         SERVICE AGREEMENT


   This Service Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of the 1st day of June, 1994, by and among WICOR, Inc., a
Wisconsin corporation ("WICOR"), Wisconsin Gas Company, a
Wisconsin corporation ("Wisconsin Gas"), WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation ("WEXCO"), Sta-Rite Industries, Inc., a
Wisconsin corporation ("Sta-Rite") and SHURflo Pump Manufacturing
Company, a California corporation ("SHURflo"), and supersedes the
Service Agreement dated as of January 1, 1988, as amended by
endorsement dated as of July 28, 1993.

   WHEREAS, WICOR is a holding company owning all of the issued
and outstanding common stock of its subsidiaries, Wisconsin Gas,
WEXCO, Sta-Rite and SHURflo; and

   WHEREAS, WICOR, WEXCO, Sta-Rite and SHURflo (hereinafter
referred to as "Nonutility Affiliates") are affiliated interested
with Wisconsin Gas pursuant to Stats., ss. 196.52 and 196.795; and

   WHEREAS, it is necessary and convenient for WICOR to provide
certain common services for the benefit of its subsidiaries; and

   WHEREAS, from time to time it may be necessary, convenient or
economical for any one of the parties to this Agreement to provide
certain services to one or more of the other parties, which may
require that Wisconsin Gas make available public utility affiliate
employees and/or property as referred to in s. 196.795(5)(r) and
(s) Stats.; and

   WHEREAS, it is necessary and appropriate that pursuant to ss.
196.52 and 196.795, Stats., the costs for the aforementioned
services be determined, allocated and distributed.

   NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed by and among the parties as
follows:


                             ARTICLE I

                   AGREEMENT TO FURNISH SERVICES

   1.        WICOR agrees to provide certain common services and to
incur certain common expenses and fees, all as described in more
detail hereafter, for the benefit of its subsidiaries.

   2.        Each of the parties agrees to use its best efforts to
furnish such services as may from time to time be reasonably
requested by another party.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
                            ARTICLE II

               DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES AND PROPERTY

   The services that may be requested by a party hereto and
furnished pursuant to this Agreement shall include, but are not
limited to, the following:  management, supervisory, accounting,
legal, financial, employee benefit services pursuant to an Order
of the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin dated April 28,
1994, in Docket 05-UI-106 ("April 28, 1994 Order"), and similar
services.

   Any party shall have the right, exercisable at its sole
discretion, to refuse to perform services or to provide property
to any other party, except as provided in the April 28, 1994
Order.

   Wisconsin Gas may, in its sole discretion, sell, lease,
transfer to or exchange with a Nonutility Affiliate, property, as
defined in s. 196.795(5)(s), Stats., independent of and not
related to the provision of any of the services identified above. 
Such property shall be provided in accordance with the provisions
of s. 196.795(5)(s), Stats. and Wisconsin Gas shall be compensated
for such property at the fair market value of such property.


                            ARTICLE III

                     COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES

   Compensation for services or property provided by Wisconsin
Gas to a Nonutility Affiliate shall be at the greater of the cost
to Wisconsin Gas or the fair market value of such services.  For
purposes of this Agreement, the cost to Wisconsin Gas of each such
service shall include those costs listed in Article V.

   A Nonutility Affiliate may, if in its sole discretion it
elects to do so, provide services comparable to those listed
above, or property (both real and personal) to Wisconsin Gas upon
request.

   Compensation for services provided by a Nonutility Affiliate
to Wisconsin Gas shall be at the lesser of the fair market value
or the cost to the Nonutility Affiliate of such services.  For
purposes of this Agreement, the cost of each such service shall
include those costs listed in Article V.

   The fair market value of a service provided by Wisconsin Gas
to a Nonutility Affiliate shall be equal to the cost which the
Nonutility Affiliate would have paid to obtain such service if
Wisconsin Gas could not or would not provide such service.  In
determining the fair market value of a service it provides,
Wisconsin Gas shall make a good faith effort to identify the
resources necessary to perform the service, and the value of such
service based on a general knowledge of the relevant market for
such service as well as, if available, comparison with bids or
quotations for such a service.  If Wisconsin Gas, despite its good
faith efforts, is not able to determine the fair market value of
a service, the fair market value shall be deemed to be equal to
the cost to Wisconsin Gas.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
   The fair market value of a service provided by Wisconsin Gas
to a Nonutility Affiliate shall be compared to the cost to
Wisconsin Gas of providing the service and the Nonutility
Affiliate shall be charged the greater of the fair market value or
the cost of providing the service.


                            ARTICLE IV

                  DESCRIPTION OF COST ALLOCATION

   1.        It is understood and agreed that each party shall bear
all costs the incurrence of which benefits solely such party, and
that each subsidiary shall bear a fair and equitable portion of
costs the incurrence of which benefits partly but not solely such
subsidiary.

   2.        Costs incurred initially by the parties are identified
below.

             a.   "Subsidiary Sole Costs" are costs
             incurred initially by any subsidiary solely
             for its benefit or directly for the benefit
             of any single subsidiary.

             b.   "Subsidiary Shared Costs" are costs
             incurred initially by any subsidiary, partly
             for the benefit of at least two but not all
             of the subsidiaries.

             c.   "Common Costs" are costs incurred by any
             party which benefit the subsidiaries, which
             include, but are not limited to, those items
             set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

             d.   "WICOR Sole Costs" are costs incurred by
             any party which do not benefit the
             subsidiaries, which include, but are not
             limited to, costs, expenses and fees incurred
             in conjunction with investigating, reviewing
             or planning a potential acquisition or
             divestiture of any equity or ownership
             interest in another corporation or business
             enterprise and costs, expenses and fees
             incurred in consummating any acquisition or
             divestiture of such interest.  Such costs
             include interest expense associated with any
             funds borrowed to finance an acquisition.

   3.        Costs identified above shall be apportioned and borne as
follows:

             a.   Subsidiary Sole Costs shall be borne by,
             billed to or otherwise recorded as costs of
             the subsidiary receiving the benefit
             associated with the costs.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
             b.   Subsidiary Shared Costs shall be
             examined and apportioned in a manner designed
             to match cost responsibility with benefits
             received.  The costs so apportioned shall be
             borne by, billed to or otherwise recorded as
             costs of each subsidiary receiving a benefit
             associated with the incurrence of the costs.

             c.   Common Costs shall be apportioned to,
             borne by, billed to or recorded as costs of
             each subsidiary according to the allocation
             formula and procedures set forth in Exhibit B
             attached hereto and made a part hereof.  The
             percentage allocations applicable to each
             subsidiary set forth in Exhibit B shall be
             recalculated annually using the formula and
             procedures set forth in Exhibit B, which
             among other things provides for using amounts
             recorded on the books of account of the
             parties at the end of the three preceding
             calendar years.

             d.   WICOR Sole Costs shall be borne by,
             billed to or otherwise recorded as costs of
             WICOR.

   4.        The cost for services rendered by any part to any of the
other parties shall be accounted for and billed on a current
monthly basis with settlement of such billings to be made within
30 days after billing.


                             ARTICLE V

              IDENTIFICATION OF COSTS TO BE ALLOCATED

   1.        The various costs referred to in this Agreement and to
be allocated to and borne by the parties as set forth herein
include:

             a.   The cost of any employee's services,
             which shall be determined in the following
             manner;

             i.   Actual Compensation based on direct labor expense
                  shall be determined for each employee and shall
                  include consideration for paid absences, such as
                  vacation and illness.

             ii.  The result calculated above will be multiplied by
                  both a fringe benefit percent and a "loading
                  factor."  The fringe benefit percent shall include
                  the cost of such items as medical and dental
                  insurance, pensions, social security and life
                  insurance.  The "loading factor" shall include such
                  intangible costs as activities necessary to
                  maintain professional licenses, other permits and
                  special skills, general training and business
                  reading and membership or participation in trade
                  associations and professional and business
                  organizations.

             b.   The cost of any property used in
             connection with the services hereunder,
             including, but not limited to, materials,
             equipment, supplies and the like, as
             reflected by the actual cost as recorded on
             the books of account of the party supplying
             such items.  The cost of such property shall
             include a return on the depreciated original
             cost equal to the return authorized in the
                          latest Wisconsin Gas rate case.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5

             c.   Travel and other out-of-pocket expenses
             at actual cost as recorded on the books of
             account of the party furnishing such items.

             d.   Fees and expenses incurred for outside
             management, supervisory, accounting, legal,
             financial, or similar services at actual cost
             as recorded on the books of account of the
             party initially bearing such cost.


                            ARTICLE VI

   Each person who is an officer of both Wisconsin Gas and one
or more of the nonutility affiliates, or a person who is a member
of the incidental supporting staff of such officer, shall keep a
daily record of the amount of time devoted to nonutility
affiliates.  Actual compensation based on direct labor expense
shall be determined for each employee and shall include
consideration for paid absences such as vacation and illness. 
This amount shall be adjusted by both a loading factor and a
fringe benefit allocation factor as described in Article V.


                            ARTICLE VII

               EFFECTIVE DATE - TERM - CANCELLATION

   1.        This Agreement shall commence as of the date first
written above or 60 days after approval by the Public Service
Commission of Wisconsin, whichever occurs first, and shall
continue until cancelled upon 60 days written notice by any party
to the other parties.

   2.        It is contemplated that, if and when WICOR acquires new
subsidiaries, such subsidiaries may become parties to this
Agreement by endorsement after review and approval by the Public
Service Commission of Wisconsin.

   3.        It shall not be necessary for the parties to amend or
re-execute this Agreement in the event that allocation percentages
set forth in Exhibit B are changed as a result of the annual
recalculation of such percentages, or that new subsidiaries become
parties to this Agreement.


                           ARTICLE VIII

                           MISCELLANEOUS

   1.        Nothing herein contained shall be construed to release
the officers and directors of the parties from the obligation to
perform the duties of such offices or to limit the exercise of
their lawful powers.

   2.        The performance of this Agreement shall be subject to
valid rules, regulations and orders of any regulatory body having
jurisdiction, including approval by the Public Service Commission
of Wisconsin.  The parties hereto acknowledge that Wisconsin Gas
is subject to the provisions of s. 196.795(5)(r) and (s), Stats.,
regarding the use of "public utility affiliate employe's services"
and "property" and agree that Wisconsin Gas shall minimize the use
of any "public utility affiliate employe's services" or "property"
as required by those subsections.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6

   3.        Nothing herein shall limit the authority of the Public
Service Commission of Wisconsin with respect to inclusion or
exclusion of costs for the purpose of setting rates for Wisconsin
Gas, or limit the powers of that commission in any other respect.

   4.        All prior service agreements among the parties shall be
and hereby are terminated, without liability to any party;
provided, however, that all services performed and costs incurred
prior to the date hereof under such contracts shall be accounted
for under such contracts.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused
these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf by its
duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above
written.

ATTEST:                                     WICOR, Inc.



R.A. Nuernberg                              BY  T.F. Schrader
Secretary                                     President
ATTEST:                                     Wisconsin Gas Company



R.A. Nuernberg                              BY  J.D. Donnelly
Secretary                                     President
ATTEST:                                     Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.



R.A. Nuernberg                              BY  
Secretary                                     President
ATTEST:                                     WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.


R.A. Nuernberg                              BY  R. Phillips
Secretary                                     President
ATTEST:                                     SHURflo Pump Manufacturing
Company



R.A. Nuernberg                              BY  G. Wardeberg
Assistant Secretary                         Chairman
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8
                                                         Exhibit
A

                           COMMON COSTS

   The component costs of the Common Cost category of costs
include but are not limited to the following:

Accounting

   WICOR Parent Company Records and Financial Statements
   WICOR Consolidated Financial Statements
   External WICOR Reports and Summary Internal Information
   Annual Meeting Information
   Invoice and Check Processing - WICOR
   Accounting Research

Treasury Activities

   Shareholder Activities (i.e., dividends, stock options, etc.)
   Coordination of Cash Activities - WICOR
   Annual Meeting Involvement
   Financial Planning

Public Information

   External WICOR Reports
   WICOR News Releases
   Annual Meeting Activities

General Activities

   Time and Expenses of Officers and Employees of Subsidiaries
Devoted to
          WICOR Matters Other Than Those Matters Constituting WICOR Sole
Costs
   Secretarial Support
   Annual Meeting - Proxy Handling
   External Reports
   Shareholder Activities

Tax

   WICOR Tax Matters

Legal

   Monitoring of Contracts/Consultants
   Research

Other

   Fringe Benefits Related to Direct and Indirect Labor
   Stockholder Expense
   Independent Accountants - Audit Activities
   Outside Counsel - Legal Matters
   Personal Expenses of Common Employees
   Office Space

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9
                                                           Exhibit
B

                    ALLOCATION OF COMMON COSTS

   It is understood and agreed by the parties that certain costs
incurred by or on behalf of WICOR provide a substantial benefit to
the subsidiaries.  Some of the costs incurred would be, and were
prior to the establishment of WICOR, direct costs of the
individual subsidiary companies.  Other costs would be duplicated
at each subsidiary were they not performed at the WICOR level.

   The allocation method used to allocate Common Costs
emphasizes the operations of the subsidiaries by weighing equally
total assets, operating expenses (less income taxes) and gross
payroll of each subsidiary.

   The allocation factors will be determined annually.  Each
subsidiary's percentage of total assets, operating expenses (less
income taxes) and gross payroll will be calculated by comparing
such items to the sum of the subsidiaries' assets, operating
expenses (less income taxes) and gross payroll.  Such figures will
be determined for the three years preceding the year for which the
allocation is to be made.  The percentages of assets, operating
expenses and payroll so determined for such subsidiary will
themselves be averaged to arrive at each subsidiary's overall
average percentage to be used in allocating Common Costs.  The
calculation of the allocation percentages as will be used for 1994
is attached hereto as Schedule 1.

   If and when subsidiaries join the WICOR system, allocation
factors will be determined as if the subsidiary joining the system
were in the system for the entire period covered by the
calculation.  These new allocation factors shall be applied to the
Common Cost pool commencing on the effective date of the new
subsidiary's acquisition or formation.

   If the joining subsidiary does not have operating results for
any portion of the period, its share of Common Costs will be based
upon financial analysis until such time as actual operating
results are available.
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                         ENDORSEMENT NO. 2
                                TO
                         SERVICE AGREEMENT
                    (DATED AS OF JUNE 1, 1994)


    WHEREAS, pursuant to Article VII, Section 2 of the Service
Agreement among and between WICOR, Inc. ("WICOR"), Wisconsin Gas
Company, Sta-Rite Industries, Inc. and WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.,
and SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co., dated as of June 1, 1994
("Agreement"), new subsidiaries acquired by WICOR may become
parties to the Agreement by endorsement after review and approval
by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin; and

    WHEREAS, on July 19, 1995, WICOR acquired all of the outstanding
common stock of Hypro Corporation; and

    WHEREAS, the parties desire to add Hypro Corporation as a party
to the Agreement by endorsement;

    NOW, THEREFORE, Hypro Corporation agrees to become a party to
the Agreement and to be bound by all the terms and conditions of
the Agreement.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Hypro Corporationhas caused this Endorsement
to be executed in its name and on its behalf by its duly
authorized officers as of the 19th day of July, 1995.




ATTEST:                      Hypro Corporation
    

R.A. Nuernberg                    By  W. Ted Dudley
Assistant Secretary                       Chairman<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIB 10.10
<TEXT>

            <PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                      EXHIBIT  10.11

                            WICOR, Inc.

               Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

                               1996



   I.   Objectives

        The principal objectives of the Plan are:

        A.   To motivate and to provide incentive for key officers of WICOR
             to achieve superior operating results for the benefit of both
             customers and stockholders.

        B.   To assist in the retention of quality senior management.

        C.   To yield competitive total compensation levels when
             performance goals are attained.

        D.   To document the basis of participation by plan participants in
             subsidiary companies' incentive compensation plans, and to
             provide supplemental WICOR incentive compensation as required
             to achieve the above objectives.

   II.  Eligibility

        Participation in the Plan is limited to designated WICOR corporate
        officers and subsidiary unit heads.  The Chief Executive Officer
        will be responsible for recommending eligibility changes to the
        Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

   III. Amount of Potential Award

        A.   The minimum, target and maximum award opportunities for each
             executive, as a percentage of base salary, are as follows:


                                      Award as Percent of Salary    
                                               ---------------------------------
                   Position       Minimum      Target      Maximum 
                 -------------         --------  -------- ---------
                 CEO, WICOR          0%           50%       75.0%  
                 Others              0%           40%       60.0%  

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
       B.   Each executive's award will be determined based on a
            combination of WICOR, subsidiary and individual performance,
            with specific weights as follows:



                                  Percentage of Award Determined By: 
                                 ------------------------------------
                Position             WICOR     Subsidiary   Individual 
                                 Performance  Performance  Performance
            --------------------  -----------  -----------  -----------
            CEO, WICOR                75%           0%         25%    
            Subsidiary Unit Head      25%          50%         25%    
            CFO, WICOR                75%           0%         25%    


            Determination of the WICOR performance and individual
            performance portions of the award are described in Section IV
            of this document.  The Subsidiary performance portion is
            determined according to the Officer Incentive Compensation
            Plan for that subsidiary.


  IV.  Performance Criteria and Objective Setting

       A.   Overall WICOR performance will be measured by earnings per
            share.  Threshold, Target and Maximum EPS performance levels,
            and incentive awards corresponding to each performance level
            are as follows:


                              Performance                Award As %
              Performance        As % of         1996     Of Target 
                 Level            Target          EPS       Award   
            ----------------      ------------- -------------------
            Below Threshold   less than 85%     less than   0.0%   
                                               $2.18  

            Threshold              85%           $2.18       1.0%   

            Target                100%           $2.56        100%   
                                              (budget)

            Maximum or Above   120% or more      $3.07        150%   
                                               or more 


            For performance at levels between Threshold and Target or
            between Target and Maximum, award calculations will be pro-
            rated on a linear basis.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
       B.   The individual component of total incentive compensation will
            be determined by the WICOR Compensation Committee based on
            recommendations from the CEO reflecting the individual's
            overall performance as measured against previously identified
            and agreed upon goals and objectives.  The award may vary up
            to 150% of the individual performance portion of the target
            award, and will be determined and paid independently of
            Corporate financial performance.

       C.   If the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc. determines that
            corporate performance was inadequate, it may exercise
            discretion to reduce or eliminate any or all bonus payments.


  V.   Performance Period

       Company performance goals will be for the 1996 calendar year.


  VI.  Form and Timing of Award Payments

       A.   Awards will be determined and paid as soon as practicable
            after the close of the Plan year.

       B.   At each participant's discretion and with the concurrence of
            the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc., awards may be paid
            in one of three ways:

            1.   Lump Sum

            2.   Partly in lump sum and the remainder in deferred annual
                 installments.

            3.   Completely in deferred annual installments.

       C.   The Company will offer a deferred payment option to those
            officers who prefer not to receive their awards in current
            cash, following these guidelines:

            1.   Deferred incentive award payments will be carried as an
                 accrued liability with an interest rate (three-year
                 treasury bill rate) credited each year.

            2.   Deferred elections must be made prior to June 30, 1996,
                 and a definite time period for deferral must be
                 specified.


  VII. Implementation

       A.   The effective date of the Plan is January 1, 1996.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
  VIII.     Plan Administration

       A.   Compensation Committee

            1.   The Plan will be administered by the Compensation
                 Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

            2.   The Committee's administration is subject to approval of
                 the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

            3.   The decisions of the Board are final and binding on all
                 Plan participants.

            4.   The Board retains the right to terminate or amend the
                 Plan as it may deem advisable.


       B.   Partial Year Participation:

            1.   Participants must be employed by the Company on the last
                 day of the Plan year in order to receive a bonus for
                 that year.  However, once earned, a bonus will be paid
                 to a participant regardless of whether he/she is
                 employed by the company on the date payment is made.

            2.   Awards for part year participants will be pro-rated
                 based on the proportion of the year that the participant
                 was in the Plan.  This includes participants who
                 terminate employment due to death, disability or
                 retirement.

            3.   Participants who terminate employment with the Company
                 prior to the last day of the Plan year shall forfeit all
                 rights to an incentive award payment under the Plan
                 except for terminations due to death, retirement or
                 disability.

            4.   A participant is deemed to be disabled if he/she becomes
                 eligible for benefits under the Company's Long Term
                                  Disability Plan.<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>

                                 <PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                      EXHIBIT  10.13

                       Wisconsin Gas Company
               Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

                               1996



   I.   Objectives

        The principal objectives of the Plan are:

        A.   To motivate and to provide incentive for key officers and
             executive management team (EMT) of Wisconsin Gas Company to
             achieve superior operating results for the benefit of both
             customers and stockholders.

        B.   To assist in the retention of quality senior management.

        C.   To yield competitive total compensation levels when
             performance goals are attained.  

   II.  Eligibility

        Participation in the Plan is limited to designated corporate
        officers and EMT of Wisconsin Gas.  The Chief Executive Officer of
        WICOR will be responsible for recommending eligibility changes to
        the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

   III. Amount of Potential Award

        A.   The minimum, target and maximum award opportunities for each
             participant, as a percentage of base salary, are as follows:


                                             Award as a % of Salary    
                                    -------------------------------------
            Position                  Minimum       Target        Maximum 
            ------------------       ---------      ---------- ---------
            President & CEO              0%           40%            60%  
            VP and EMT                   0%           20%            30%  


       B.   Only 50% of the President & CEO's award opportunity will be
            determined according to the provisions of this Plan.  Of that
            50%, 67% will be determined by Performance Plus and 33% will
            be determined by Net Income as a percentage of budget.  The
            remaining 50% will be determined based on the WICOR Officers'
            Incentive Compensation Plan.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
  IV.  Performance Criteria and Objective Setting

       A.   Each executive's incentive award will be related to the
            achievement of Company performance goals, and a component
            reflecting individual performance.

       B.   Total incentive opportunity is further based on the following
            measures:

            -    50% Performance Plus (Company-wide operational and
                 financial incentive Plan)

            -    25% Net Income as a percentage of budget

            -    25% Individual 

            Therefore, 75% of the total bonus opportunity is based on
            operational and financial results and 25% is based on
            individual performance.

            The individual portion of the incentive payout will be based
            on the individual's overall performance as measured against
            previously identified and agreed upon goals and objectives. 
            The award may vary up to 150% of the individual performance
            portion of the target award, and will be determined and paid
            independently of Company financial performance.

       C.   If the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc. determines that
            the Net Income level was inadequate or that services to
            customers did not meet corporate goals or standards developed,
            it may exercise discretion to reduce or eliminate any or all
            bonus payments.

  V.   Performance Period

       Company performance goals will be for the 1996 calendar year.

  VI.  Bonus Award Determination

       A.   Performance Plus.  Each year management will recommend
            specific goals for safety, customer service and cost
            effectiveness.  Associated with various levels of performance
            for each goal will be a certain number of award points.  The
            cumulative total of these points adjusted by a "multiplier",
            based on Net Income as a percent of budget, will determine the
            formula payout under this portion of the Plan.

            For 1996, the performance measures and related points and the
            "multiplier" are set forth in Exhibit 10.13a.

       B.   Net Income as a Percentage of Budget

            Actual net income as a percentage of budget will generate
            incentive compensation equal to 25% of the target award
                        multiplied by the following percentages:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3

                                  Net Income        % of     
                                     as %          Target   
            Performance Level       of Budget      Awarded  
            -------------------  --------------    -----------
            Less than threshold  Less than 85%       0.0%   
            Threshold                 85%            1.0%   
            Target                   100%          100.0%   
            Maximum                  120%          150.0%   

            For performance at levels between Threshold and Target or
            between Target and Maximum, award calculations will be pro-
            rated on a linear basis.

            For 1996, the amount of targeted net income is set forth in
            Exhibit 10.13a.

       C.   Total performance awards will be calculated by combining the
            payouts from Performance Plus, Net Income and Individual
            Components.

  VII. Form and Timing of Award Payments

       A.   Awards will be determined and paid as soon as practicable
            after the close of the Plan year.

       B.   At each participant's discretion and with the concurrence of
            the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc., awards may be paid
            in one of three ways:

            1.   Lump Sum

            2.   Partly in lump sum, and the remainder in deferred annual
                 installments.

            3.   Completely in deferred annual installments.

       C.   The Company will offer a deferred payment option to those
            participants who prefer not to receive their awards in current
            cash, following these guidelines:

            1.   Deferred incentive award payments will be carried as an
                 accrued liability with an interest rate (three-year
                 treasury bill rate) credited each year.

            2.   Deferral elections must be made prior to June 30, 1996,
                 and a definite time period for deferral must be
                 specified.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
  VIII.     Plan Administration

       A.   Compensation Committee:

            1.   The Plan will be administered by the Compensation
                 Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

            2.   The Committee's administration is subject to approval of
                 the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

            3.   The decisions of the Board are final and binding on all
                 Plan participants.

            4.   The Board retains the right to terminate or amend the
                 Plan as it may deem advisable.

            5.   In evaluating actual Company performance results in
                 comparison with pre-established objectives established
                 for the Plan year, and in establishing resulting
                 incentive compensation levels, the Compensation
                 Committee, at their sole discretion, may take unusual
                 and unique factors into consideration as they deem
                 appropriate.  Similarly, the Committee may modify
                 performance targets during the course of a  Plan year if
                 significant change takes place which would affect the
                 measure.

            6.   It shall be the Committee's responsibility to review the
                 overall reasonableness of incentive compensation paid to
                 participants of this Plan in relation to overall
                 services performed and results obtained by the Company
                 during the Plan year.  The Committee shall make its
                 determination on the basis of its judgement as to what
                 constitutes satisfactory performance with respect to the
                 fulfillment of the Company's mission or charter.  Issues
                 to be considered shall include, but not be limited to
                 the following:

                 a.   Quality and level of service provided to
                      customers.

                 b.   Health and safety considerations.

                 c.   Maintenance of specific required standards of
                      performance.

                 d.   Representation of shareholders' interests
                      (including Rate of Return achieved compared to
                      allowed).

            Based upon this review, the incentive compensation paid to
            participants may be reduced or withheld so that the total
            compensation paid will be reasonable in relation to services
            performed.  The decisions of the Committee are final and
            binding on all parties.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5
       B.   Partial Year Participation:

            1.   Participants must be employed by the Company on the last
                 day of the Plan year in order to receive a bonus for
                 that year.  However, once earned, a bonus will be paid
                 to a participant regardless of whether he/she is
                 employed by the Company on the date payment is made.

            2.   Awards for part year participants will be pro-rated
                 based on the proportion of the year that the participant
                 was in the Plan.  This includes participants who
                 terminate employment due to death, disability or
                 retirement.

            3.   Participants who terminate employment with the Company
                 prior to the last day of the Plan year shall forfeit all
                 rights to an incentive award payment under the Plan
                 except for terminations due to death, retirement or
                 disability.

            4.   A participant is deemed to be disabled if he/she becomes
                 eligible for benefits under the Company's Long Term
                 Disability Plan.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6
                                                       Exhibit 10.13a
                       Wisconsin Gas Company
                    Incentive Compensation Plan
                     Formula Performance Goals
                               1996


Performance Plus*

                                                           Maximum
                                                            Points
                                                           -------
  1.   Rate Improvement
            Improvement in Residential Rates              10

  2.   Customer Service
            Favorability/Customer Satisfaction            10   

  3.   Safety                                               10   

  4.   Cost Effectiveness
            Operation & Maintenance Expense                10   
                                                           -------
       Maximum Total Points (Target = 24 points)            40   

  5.   Multiplier


        Net Income as % of                    Multiplier     
              Budget  
       --------------------              --------------------
       Less than 85%                        0.0000       
            85%                             0.0100       
            90%                             0.3333       
            95%                             0.6667       
           100%                             1.0000       
           110%                             1.2500       
           120%                             1.5000       


    *  This is a summarization of the Performance Plus Plan which will
       govern the actual calculation of the payout amounts.

               Net Income as a % of Budget
                      -----------------------------------------
       Minimum         (85%)     $23,035,000
       Target         (100%)     $27,100,000
       Maximum        (120%)     $32,520,000

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.16
<TEXT>

            <PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                      EXHIBIT  10.17
                     Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.

               Officers' Incentive Compensation Plan

                               1996



   I.   Objectives

        The principal objectives of the Plan are:

        A.   To motivate and to provide incentive for key officers of Sta-
             Rite to achieve superior operating results for the benefit of
             both customers and stockholders.

        B.   To assist in the retention of quality senior management.

        C.   To yield competitive total compensation levels when
             performance goals are attained.

   II.  Eligibility

        Participation in the Plan is limited to designated officers of Sta-
        Rite Industries, Inc.  The Chief Executive Officer, WICOR will be
        responsible for recommending eligibility changes to the Compensation
        Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.


   III. Amount of Potential Award

        A.   The minimum, target and maximum award opportunities for each
             officer level position, as a percentage of base salary, are as
             follows:

                                      Award as Percent of Base Salary   
                                   -------------------------------------
            Position                Minimum       Target       Maximum 
            --------------------      ---------    ----------    ---------
            President and CEO            0%           40%          60.0%  
            VP                        0%            30%          45.0%  


       B.   Only 50% of the President and CEO's award opportunity will be
            determined according to the provisions of this Plan.  Of that
            50%, 67% will be determined by Net Income and 33% will be
            determined by Return on Assets.  The remaining 50% will be
            determined based on the WICOR Officers' Incentive Compensation
                        Plan.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
  IV.  Performance Criteria and Objective Setting

       A.   Participants' bonus opportunity is based on consolidated
            Company performance.

       B.   Total bonus opportunity is further based on the following:

            -    50% net earnings (dollars)
            -    25% return on total assets
            -    25% individual

            Therefore, 75% of the total bonus opportunity is based on
            financial results (formula); and 25% is based on individual
            performance.

            The individual portion of the incentive payout will be based
            on the individual's overall performance as measured against
            previously identified and agreed upon goals and objectives. 
            The award may vary up to 150% of the individual performance
            portion of the target award, and will be determined and paid
            independently of Company financial performance.

       C.   If the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc. determines that
            corporate performance was inadequate, it may exercise
            discretion to reduce or eliminate any or all bonus payments.

       D.   Formula bonus objectives are:

            1.   Total Company

                 A.   Net earnings:  defined as absolute dollars of
                      reported net earnings (after-tax) of the Company
                      for the Plan year.

                 B.   Return on total assets:  defined as reported net
                      earnings (after-tax) divided by average (twelve
                      months) total assets (both current and non-
                      current) of the Company for the Plan year.

            2.   The specific target levels will be changed from year to
                 year to reflect the changing emphasis of the business
                 plan.  Specific target levels for 1996 are set forth on
                 Exhibit 10.17a.

  V.   Performance Period

       Company performance goals will be for the 1996 calendar year.


<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
  VI.  Bonus Award Determination

       A.   Each year management will establish appropriate formula
            performance levels for minimum, target and maximum bonus
            awards.

       B.   As noted in Section III A, the target bonus amount for the
            President and CEO is 40% of salary and the target bonus for
            all other officers is 30% of salary.

       C.   Bonus awards for formula and discretionary portions will be
            evaluated and computed separately.

            1.   Formula bonus awards will be determined based on
                 achieving the performance levels indicated in the
                 following schedule:

                                      Level of  
                   Performance        Objective        Percent of     
                      Level            Achieved      Target Awarded   
               -------------------   -------------   --------------   
               Less than Threshold   Less than 80%        0.0%        
               Threshold                  80%            30.0%        
               Target                     100%           100.0%        
               Maximum                    120%           150.0%


                 For performance between Threshold and Target or between
                 Target and Maximum, award calculations will be pro-rated
                 on a linear basis.

  VII. Form and Timing of Award Payments

       A.   Awards will be determined and paid as soon as practical after
            the close of the Plan year.

       B.   At each participant's discretion and with the concurrence of
            the Compensation Committee of WICOR, Inc., awards may be paid
            in one of three ways:

            1.   Lump sum.

            2.   Partly in lump sum, and the remainder in deferred annual
                 installments.

            3.   Completely in deferred annual installments.

       C.   The Company will offer a deferred payment option to those
            officers who prefer not to receive their awards in current
                        cash, following these guidelines:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
            1.   Deferred incentive award payments will be carried as an
                 accrued liability with an interest rate (three-year
                 treasury bill rate) credited each year.

            2.   Deferral elections must be made prior to June 30 1996,
                 and a definite time period for deferral must be
                 specified.

  VIII.     Plan Administration

       A.   Compensation Committee:

            1.   The Plan will be administered by the Compensation
                 Committee of the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.
                 ("Committee").

            2.   The Committee's administration is subject to approval of
                 the Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.

            3.   The decisions of the board are final and binding on all
                 participants.

            4.   The Board retains the right to terminate or amend the
                 Plan as it may deem advisable.

       B.   Partial Year Participation:

            1.   Participants must be employed by the Company on the last
                 day of the Plan year in order to receive an incentive
                 award for that year.  However, once earned, the award
                 will be paid to a participant regardless of whether
                 he/she is employed by the Company on the date payment is
                 made.

            2.   Awards for part year participants will be pro-rated
                 based on the proportion of the year that the participant
                 was in the Plan.  This includes participants who
                 terminate employment due to death, disability or
                 retirement.

            3.   Participants who terminate employment with the Company
                 prior to the last day of the Plan year shall forfeit all
                 rights to an incentive award payment under the Plan
                 except for terminations due to death, retirement or
                 disability.

            4.   A participant is deemed to be disabled if he/she becomes
                 eligible for benefits under the Company's Long Term
                 Disability Plan.



<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5
                                                        Exhibit 10.17a

                     Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.
                    Incentive Compensation Plan
                 Formula Performance Goals   1996

     Performance Goal Net Earnings ($000)   Return on Assets 
  ----------------------   -------------------   ----------------
  Minimum                     $10,000               5.4%
  Target                      $12,000               6.7%
  Maximum                     $15,000               8.1%<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>WICOR, INC. 1995 ANNUAL REPORT-MD&A,STMTS & NOTES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


GENERAL OVERVIEW

The Company is a diversified holding company with two principal business
groups: Energy and Manufacturing. The Energy Group consists of natural gas
distribution and related services and the Manufacturing Group focuses on
pumps and processing equipment used to pump, control, transfer, hold and
filter water and other fluids. The Company engages in natural gas
distribution through Wisconsin Gas Company ( Wisconsin Gas ), the oldest and
largest natural gas distribution utility in Wisconsin. Wisconsin Gas is
subject to regulation by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin ( PSCW ).
At December 31, 1995, Wisconsin Gas served approximately 505,000 customers
in 503 communities. The Energy Group accounted for 61% and 74% of the
Company s 1995 operating revenues and operating income, respectively.
Through its manufacturing subsidiaries, the Company engages in the
manufacture and sale of pumps, fluid processing and filtration equipment.
The Company s products are used primarily in water system, pool and spa,
agriculture, RV/marine and beverage/food service applications. The Company
markets its manufactured products in 100 countries. The Manufacturing Group
accounted for 39% and 26% of the Company s 1995 operating revenues and 
operating income, respectively.

WICOR s 1995 earnings were $39.5 million, or $2.32 per common share, 
compared with 1994 earnings of $33.2 million, or $1.99 per common share, and
1993 earnings of $29.3 million, or $1.82 per common share.

Gas sales volumes increased in 1995 primarily as a result of colder weather
and customer additions. Gas sales volumes decreased in 1994 due to warmer 
weather, the impact of which was partially offset by customer additions. The
Company anticipates future customer additions to be in line with 1995 and
1994 levels. Manufacturing operations in 1995 reported increased sales in
several key segments, including water purification and agriculture, but
earnings declined due to higher material costs in both domestic and
international markets. International sales continued their strong growth.

Net cash flows from operations for the years 1993 through 1995 totalled
$176.9 million. Cash proceeds of $110.5 million resulting from the net
increase in long-term debt, common stock and short- term debt, along with
the net cash flows from operations, provided funding for $163.2 million of
capital expenditures, $60.4 million in acquisitions and $78.0 million of
dividends for that three-year period. Segment data for WICOR s operations
are summarized below in millions of dollars.

                            1995      1994      1993
Operating Revenues         ------    ------    ------
  Energy                   $522.8    $556.6    $574.8
  Manufacturing             337.8     311.2     274.7
                           ------    ------    ------
                           $860.6    $867.8    $849.5
                           ======    ======    ======

                            1995      1994      1993
Depreciation and Amortization        ------    ------    ------
  Energy                   $36.7     $37.4     $34.8
  Manufacturing             11.8       9.7       8.9
                           ------    ------    ------
                           $48.5     $47.1     $43.7
                           ======    ======    ======<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
                            1995      1994      1993
Operating Income           ------    ------    ------
  Energy                   $58.8     $44.4     $46.2
  Manufacturing             20.3      22.2      17.8
                           ------    ------    ------
                           $79.1     $66.6     $64.0
                           ======    ======    ======

                                               Actual
                           Estimated -------------------------------
                             1996     1995      1994      1993
Capital Expenditures        ------   ------    ------    ------
  Energy                    $48.1    $42.9     $44.6     $42.3
  Manufacturing              18.7     13.3      10.5       9.6
                            ------   ------    ------    ------
                            $66.8    $56.2     $55.1     $51.9
                            ======   ======    ======    ======

                             1995      1994      1993
Identifiable Assets        --------  --------  --------
  Energy                   $  718.3  $  707.9  $  737.2
  Manufacturing               290.2     222.8     196.5
                           --------  --------  --------
                           $1,008.5  $  930.7  $  933.7
                           ========  ========  ========


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Energy Group --

The Company s primary energy business is the distribution of natural gas
through its Wisconsin Gas subsidiary. In 1995, the Company formed two non-
regulated energy services-related businesses, WICOR Energy Services Company,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and FieldTech, a division of
Wisconsin Gas. These businesses offer a variety of services, including
natural gas supply and related services and energy risk management; and
contract meter reading, management of field operations and billing services
for public and municipal gas, water and electric utilities. The Company
views these businesses as important elements in meeting increasing
competitive challenges in the natural gas industry and as a new source of
growth for its energy related operations. The revenues derived from these
businesses are not, however, material to the Company at the present time.

Increased sales margins for the Energy Group combined with lower levels of
operating expenses resulted in an increase in operating income in 1995 as
compared with 1994. Utility margin rates were reduced $10.1 million annually
by a November 1994 rate order of the PSCW and $4.5 million annually by two
voluntary rate reductions in 1995. These margin reductions have been more
than offset by decreases in operating expenses.

Revenues, margins and volumes are summarized below. Margin, defined as 
revenues less cost of gas, is a better comparative performance indicator
than revenues. Transportation service revenues are recorded at the same
margin as sales with no corresponding cost of gas amount. Therefore, for a
given rate class, the volume mix between sales and transportation service
affects revenues but not margin. In addition, changes in cost of gas flow
through to revenue under a gas adjustment clause, with no effect on margin.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
                             1995      1994      1993
(Millions of Dollars)      --------  --------  --------
Gas sales revenue          $  515.0  $  550.0  $  565.1
Cost of gas sold              322.2     357.5     382.0
                           --------  --------  --------
Gas sales margin              192.8     192.5     183.1
Gas transportation margin       7.8       6.6       9.7
                           --------  --------  --------
Total margin               $  200.6  $  199.1  $  192.8
                           ========  ========  ========

                             1995      1994      1993
(Millions of Therms)       --------  --------  --------
Sales volumes                                            
  Firm                        841       795       823
  Interruptible               314       282       208
Transport volumes             145       119       174
                           --------  --------  --------
Total throughput            1,300     1,196     1,205
                           ========  ========  ========


Total gas margin increased by 1% and 3% in 1995 and 1994, respectively. The
increase in 1995 margin was due to higher volume sales which resulted
primarily from weather which was 6% colder than 1994, offset in part by the
rate reductions discussed above. The increase in 1994 margin was due to a
November 1993 rate increase, offset by the impact of lower volume sales and
the November 1994 rate decrease. Lower volumes in 1994 were primarily due to
weather which was 5% warmer than 1993. In 1994, a number of industrial
customers switched from transportation services to interruptible sales. This
trend reversed in 1995. The Company anticipates more customers will switch
to transportation services in 1996. Under current rates, there is no impact
on margins from this switching activity.

Operation and maintenance expenses decreased by $12.3 million, or 11%, in
1995 as compared with 1994. The decrease was due primarily to lower labor
and related benefit expenses ($6.3 million), the impact of the November 1994
rate reduction which reduced non-cash amortizations by $5.7 million and the
nonrecurrence of a one-time charge of $2.7 million relating to a 1994 early
retirement program taken in the first quarter of 1994. Operation and
maintenance expenses increased by $6.1 million, or 6%, in 1994 as compared
with the prior year. The increase was in large measure due to increases in
uncollectible receivables expense ($2.8 million), the one-time charge of
$2.7 million described above and amortization of business system software
costs ($1.6 million). Savings from a reduced work force were somewhat offset
by higher labor rates. Except for the 1994 early retirement program charge,
these increases in expenses were recovered in rates on an annual basis under
the November 1993 rate order. Since July 1993, the Wisconsin Gas work force
has declined by 319 employees, or 23%, through early retirement, involuntary
severance and attrition.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4

Manufacturing Group --

Manufacturing operating income in 1995 was $20.3 million compared with $22.2
million in 1994 and $17.8 million in 1993. The 1995 decrease in operating
income was the result of soft domestic markets, sharply higher material
costs in both domestic and international operations and a falloff in the
Company s Australian operations. Furthermore, a combination of substantially
reduced manufacturing inventories in North America and lower sales
domestically and in Australia resulted in underutilized manufacturing
capacity for the year. Management believes that these are short-term
problems and are not indicative of the outlook for the manufacturing
business in the long run. Manufacturing sales in 1995 were $337.8 million,
an increase of 9% over 1994. International sales increased by 14% while
domestic sales increased by 5% over the comparable period in 1994. On July
19, 1995, the Company acquired Hypro Corporation ( Hypro ) (See Note 2 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company s consolidated
financial statements include the operating results of Hypro from the date of
acquisition. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because
the effect of this acquisition was not significant. Hypro s post acquisition
sales were $18.4 million.

Sales in 1994 were $311.2 million, an increase of 13% over 1993.
International sales improved by 21% and domestic sales also contributed to
the increase. Significant sales improvements were noted in the water
systems, pool and spa, recreational vehicle, marine and industrial markets.

International and export sales represented 39%, 37% and 34% of manufacturing
sales in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The increase in 1995 was due
primarily to continued sales growth that occurred in the Company s European
markets.

Operating expenses increased in 1995 by 8% over 1994 due primarily to the
addition of Hypro operating expenses. As a percentage of sales, 1995
operating expenses remained flat compared to the same period in 1994.
Operating expenses increased in 1994 by 11% over 1993 primarily as a result
of increased sales.


Interest Expense, Other Income and Expenses and Income Taxes --

The 1995 increase in interest expense as compared to 1994 was due primarily
to increased manufacturing borrowings for higher international working
capital requirements, the debt incurred for the Hypro acquisition and
slightly higher interest rates. The 1994 decrease in interest expense as
compared to 1993 was due primarily to a September 1993 long-term debt
refinancing and to reduced levels of short-term borrowings.

The 1995 increase in other income was due primarily to the sale of the
Company s investment in Filtron Technologies Corporation ( Filtron ) for a
pre-tax gain of $1.4 million, $0.8 million after tax.

Income tax expense increased in 1995 reflecting increased pre-tax income.
Income tax expense decreased in 1994 despite the increase in pre-tax book
income. The effective income tax rate was reduced in 1994 primarily as a
result of utilizing foreign tax incentives and the settlement of disputed
tax matters.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5

Accounting Changes --

In March 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ( SFAS ) No. 121,  Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed
Of.  The Company is required to adopt this Statement no later than its 1996
fiscal year.

In October 1995, SFAS No. 123,  Accounting for Stock Based Compensation,  was
issued and also requires adoption by the Company no later than its 1996
fiscal year. The standard requires expanded disclosures, and permits, but
does not require, changes in the accounting for stock based compensation.
The implementation of SFAS No. 121 and SFAS No. 123 is not expected to have
a material impact on the financial statements.


Effects of Changing Prices --

It is management s view that changes in the rate of inflation have not had a
significant effect on WICOR s income over the past three years. Inflationary
increases generally have been recovered through productivity improvements
and/or product price increases. The Company continues to monitor the impact
of inflation in order to minimize its effects in future years through
pricing strategies, productivity improvements and cost reductions.

In November 1994, Wisconsin Gas received approval from the PSCW to use an
alternative method of rate making that includes a three-year margin rate
cap. After reviewing the impact of the margin rate cap and other factors,
management believes that productivity improvements have and will continue to
offset the impact of inflationary cost increases. This alternative method is
discussed on page 23 under  Regulatory Matters. 



LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Over the last three years, the Company has generated sufficient cash flows
from operations to cover operating expenses, dividends and a portion of
investment activities. Cash flow from operations totalled $69.9 million for
1995, compared with $103.6 million and $3.4 million for 1994 and 1993,
respectively. The Company s cash flow provided by operating activities for
1995 included net income of $39.5 million; depreciation and amortization of
$48.5 million; and a net increase in working capital, excluding cash and
short-term debt. Cash flow provided by operating activities for 1994
included net income of $33.2 million; depreciation and amortization of $47.1
million; and a net decrease in working capital, excluding cash and short-
term debt. Cash flow provided by operating activities for 1993 included net
income of $29.3 million; depreciation and amortization of $43.7 million; and
a net increase in working capital, excluding cash and short-term debt. These
items were offset with funds used by Wisconsin Gas to purchase its initial
inventory of gas held in storage. One of the impacts of Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) Order No. 636 is that utilities such as
Wisconsin Gas must assume the responsibility for purchasing gas supplies and
maintaining gas in storage. Previously, the pipeline companies performed
those functions.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6
Investment Activities --

Capital expenditures increased by $1.1 million and $3.2 million in 1995 and
1994, respectively. Utility expenditures returned to more normal levels
during the three-year period ending in 1995 following completion of a major
expansion project in 1992. Both utility and manufacturing capital
expenditures are expected to increase modestly in 1996, and are expected to
be funded from operations.

In January 1995, WICOR sold its interest in Filtron, a manufacturer of
filtration products, for approximately $5.1 million.

In July 1995, the Company acquired Hypro for $58 million in cash and the
assumption of $13.3 million in operating liabilities. The acquisition was
initially financed with borrowings under a credit facility entered into in
connection with the acquisition. A portion of these borrowings were repaid
during 1995 with the net proceeds from an offering of WICOR common stock.
See  Financing Activities  and Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion of this transaction.

In July 1993, WICOR acquired Shurflo Pump Manufacturing Co. ( Shurflo ) by
exchanging approximately $27 million of WICOR stock for the outstanding
common stock of Shurflo. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for a further discussion of this transaction. 

In 1992, the PSCW issued an order prescribing an equity-based formula for
determining the limitation on non-utility investments. As of December 31,
1995, WICOR would be permitted to invest an additional $52.6 million in
nonutility equity under this order. Nonutility subsidiaries can also borrow
additional amounts for acquisitions within certain PSCW guidelines (See Note
6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).


Financing Activities --

During the latter part of each year, the energy business generally incurs
short-term debt to finance increases in gas in storage and customer accounts
receivable. The short-term debt is normally eliminated by the second quarter
of the year as gas in storage is depleted and cash is received from winter
heating sales.

In November 1995, Wisconsin Gas issued $65 million of 63/8% Notes due in
2005, the proceeds of which were used to redeem, at par, $50 million of
91/8% Notes due in 1997. The remainder of the proceeds were used to retire
short-term debt which had been incurred for working capital purposes. During
1993, Wisconsin Gas issued $45 million of 6.6% Notes due in 2013, the
proceeds of which were used to refinance $45 million of first mortgage bonds
which had higher interest rates. The Company s ratio of debt to
capitalization decreased to 34% in 1995 as compared to 36% in 1994 and 38%
in 1993. The utility s embedded cost of long-term debt was 8.1%, 8.1% and
8.9% for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

In December 1995, the Company completed a public offering of 1,265,000
shares of common stock for the purpose of repaying a portion of the
borrowings under the credit facility entered into in connection with the
July 1995 acquisition of Hypro. Amounts remaining outstanding under this
credit facility accrued interest at an annual rate of approximately 5.9% as
of December 31, 1995, and mature in July 1996. Net proceeds to the Company
from the common stock offering, after deduction of associated expenses, were
$38.9 million. In the first half of 1996, the Company, and/or one of its
subsidiaries, plans to issue long-term debt for the purpose of repaying the
remaining balance of the credit facility.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

WICOR raised its dividend by approximately 3% in each of 1995, 1994 and
1993. The current annual dividend rate is $1.64 per share. At December 31,
1995, the Company had $104.1 million of unrestricted retained earnings
available for dividend payments to shareholders.

The WICOR Plan, established in 1992, allows customers, shareholders,
employees, Wisconsin residents and certain suppliers to purchase WICOR
common stock directly and through dividend reinvestment without paying fees
or service charges. During 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, 54,000,
511,000 and 685,000 shares of WICOR common stock were issued through the
WICOR Plan and through various employee benefit plans. These stock issuances
provided funds to the Company of $1.2 million, $10.6 million and $16.7
million in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Effective February 1, 1995,
share requirements for the WICOR Plan have been met through open market
purchases of WICOR common stock.

As described in Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, a 1993
PSCW rate order retained certain limitations with respect to equity levels
and dividend payments of Wisconsin Gas. Restrictions imposed by the PSCW are
not expected to have any material effect on WICOR s ability to meet its cash
obligations.

Wisconsin Gas  ratio of pre-tax earnings to fixed charges was 4.0 in 1995
and 2.9 in 1994, as a result of higher earnings and fixed charges that
remained relatively constant.

Access to credit markets and the costs associated therewith can be
correlated to credit quality. Wisconsin Gas  unsecured bond rating from
Moody s Investors Service and Standard and Poor s Corporation remained in
1995 at Aa3 and AA-, respectively. Such ratings are not a recommendation to
buy, sell or hold securities, but rather an indication of creditworthiness.

The following is a summary of the meanings of the ratings shown above and
the relative rank of the Company s rating within each agency s
classification system. Moody s top four corporate bond ratings (Aaa, Aa, A
and Baa) are generally considered  investment grade.  Obligations which are
rated  Aa  are judged to be of high quality by all standards. Together with
the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade bonds. Aa
securities are rated lower than the Aaa rated bonds because margins of
protection may not be as large as in Aaa securities; or fluctuation of
protective elements may be of greater amplitude; or there may be other
elements present which make the long-term risk appear somewhat larger than
the Aaa securities. A numerical modifier ranks the security within the
category with a  1  indicating the high end, a  2  indicating the midrange and
a  3  indicating the low end of the category. Standard & Poor s top four
corporate bond ratings (AAA, AA, A and BBB) are considered  investment
grade.  Based on Standard & Poor s rating system, debt rated  AA  has a very
strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal and differs from the
highest rated issues only in small degree. A plus (+) or minus (-) sign may
be used after Standard & Poor s ratings to designate the relative position
of a credit rating within the rating category.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8

Commercial paper carrying an A-1+ rating by Standard & Poor s Corporation
and P-1 by Moody s Investors Service is routinely issued by Wisconsin Gas as
needed to finance seasonal working capital needs, principally customer
receivables and gas in storage. Such ratings are not a recommendation to
buy, sell, or hold securities, but rather an indication of creditworthiness.
Moody s top three short-term debt ratings (P-1, P-2 and P-3) are generally
considered investment grade and are intended to indicate the relative
repayment ability of related issuers. According to Moody s rating system,
short-term debt rated  P-1  has a superior ability for repayment of senior
short-term debt obligations. Wisconsin Gas had no short-term debt
outstanding for five months and two months in 1995 and 1994, respectively.

WICOR and its subsidiaries maintain multi-year revolving credit agreements
expiring in March 1998, including separate agreements of $25 million for
WICOR, $30 million for Wisconsin Gas and $15 million for Sta-Rite. Wisconsin
Gas finances working capital by issuing commercial paper in the open market.
In 1993, Sta-Rite renewed a $25 million commercial paper issuance facility.
Commercial paper outstanding, on a consolidated basis, at December 31, 1995
and 1994 was $60.0 million and $94.6 million, respectively.

The Company believes that it has adequate capacity to fund its operations
for the foreseeable future through its borrowing arrangements and internally
generated cash.


Regulatory Matters --

Wisconsin Gas is subject to the jurisdiction of the PSCW as to various
phases of its operations, including rates, service and issuance of
securities. The PSCW has instituted a generic proceeding to consider how its
regulation of gas distribution utilities should change to reflect the
changing competitive environment in the gas industry. To date, the PSCW has
made a policy decision to deregulate the sale of natural gas in customer
segments with workably competitive market choices. Hearings are tentatively
planned for 1996, with the expectation that the general policy decisions
defining the scope of a new regulatory framework will be made by the end of
1996. The Company is unable to determine what impact this proceeding may
have on Wisconsin Gas  future operations.

Under current utility regulation Wisconsin Gas only earns a profit on the
transportation of natural gas and not on the sale of natural gas. Because of
this and consistent with the PSCW s policy decision, Wisconsin Gas is
actively seeking to create the competitive market conditions necessary to
exit the natural gas sales business and provide only gas transportation
services within its utility service territory. To that end, Wisconsin Gas
made a filing with the PSCW on December 29, 1995, designed to enhance the
competitive market for gas sales to non-residential customers. In general,
under its filing Wisconsin Gas proposes to provide new services to enable
third-party marketers of natural gas to establish pools, or groups, of
customers. A customer pool would effectively be treated by Wisconsin Gas as
if it were a single customer, thereby greatly reducing the administrative
burden and costs incidental to marketers serving a large number of
customers. The Wisconsin Gas filing also proposes changes to the gas sales
rate schedules applicable to its largest interruptible customers. The
changes are designed to enhance competition by enabling those customers to
compare services and prices available from Wisconsin Gas and third-party
marketers.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9

Wisconsin Gas expects to make another filing during the first half of 1996
to implement a residential customer supplier choice demonstration program.
Such a program would test market acceptance of competition by enabling
third-party gas marketers to pool residential customers in a manner similar
to that described above for non-residential customers.

The Company is unable to predict: (1) whether the PSCW will approve
Wisconsin Gas  pending and future filings nor when any such approvals will
be issued and become effective, (2) the length of time it will take for
Wisconsin Gas to fully exit the gas sales business for all customer classes,
if indeed it will be permitted to do so, and (3) whether and to what extent
shareholders might be required to bear any costs that may arise in
connection with contractual commitments and additional costs involved in
transforming Wisconsin Gas  business.

In July 1995, the PSCW initiated a proceeding to develop principles and
analyze alternatives for gas utilities to recover purchased gas costs to
replace the traditional purchased gas adjustment ( PGA ) mechanism. The PSCW
staff is soliciting proposals from interested parties. It is possible that
some form of gas cost incentive mechanism will be recommended for adoption
by the PSCW. In general, an incentive mechanism would establish a targeted
gas cost for a utility and would reward or penalize that utility based on
its actual gas costs incurred relative to the target. The PSCW has scheduled
hearings for March 1996, with any changes in the PGA mechanism to be
effective November 1, 1996. The Company is unable to predict whether any
changes to the PGA mechanism will be adopted or the effect any changes that
are adopted may have.

Under a November 1994 rate order, Wisconsin Gas rates are subject to a
three-year margin rate cap (through October 1997) based upon rates approved
in November 1993. The PSCW order also specified margin rate floors for each
rate class. Wisconsin Gas has the ability to raise or lower margin rates
within the specified range on a quarterly basis. Wisconsin Gas reduced its
base rates by $1.5 million and $3.0 million on an annualized basis effective
August 1, 1995, and November 1, 1995, respectively. With these reductions,
Wisconsin Gas  rates are designed to recover $4.5 million per year less than
the maximum margin recovery allowed by the PSCW s rate order.

On November 1, 1993, ANR Pipeline Company ( ANR ), Wisconsin Gas  principal
pipeline supplier, filed for a general rate increase with the FERC. The
filing proposes increases in many areas of ANR s regulated cost of service.
The FERC ordered a reduction or elimination of certain cost increases and
permitted ANR to place the balance of the rate increase into effect on May
1, 1994, subject to refund of any amounts ultimately determined to be unjust
and unreasonable. Hearings began January 31, 1996. The Company believes that
any amount by which ANR is ultimately permitted to increase its rates in
this proceeding will not have a material impact on Wisconsin Gas or the
Company.

SFAS No. 71  Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation 
provides that rate-regulated public utilities such as Wisconsin Gas record
certain costs and credits allowed in the ratemaking process in different
periods than would be required for unregulated businesses. These costs and
credits are deferred as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and are
recorded on the income statement at the time they are recognized in rates.
SFAS No. 71 continues to be applicable to Wisconsin Gas in that its rates
are approved by a third party regulator and are designed to recover its cost
of service. Wisconsin Gas believes its current cost based rates are
competitive in the open market.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10

Pipeline companies have been allowed to pass through to local gas
distributors various costs incurred in the transition to FERC Order No. 636.
The PSCW has authorized that such costs that have been passed through to
Wisconsin Gas be recovered in rates charged to customers. Although complete
assurance cannot be given, it is believed that any additional future
transition costs will also be recoverable from customers.


Environmental Matters --

Wisconsin Gas is in the process of preparing a remedial action options
report and recommendation for presentation to the Wisconsin Department of
Natural Resources concerning two previously owned sites on which it operated
manufactured gas plants. Wisconsin Gas currently anticipates that the costs
incurred in the remediation effort will be recoverable from insurers or
through rates and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s
liquidity or results of operations.

The manufacturing segment has provided reserves believed sufficient to cover
its estimated costs related to contamination associated with its
manufacturing facilities.

For additional disclosure regarding environmental matters, see Note 7 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


          *** FOUR BAR CHARTS FOLLOW THIS DISCUSSION ***


                      WICOR Operating Income
                       (millions of dollars)

  year                       91      92     93      94     95 
                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
  energy                   $39.5   $43.3  $46.2   $44.4  $58.8
  manufacturing             11.7    10.0   17.8    22.2   20.3
                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
  total                    $51.2   $53.3  $64.0   $66.6  $79.1
                           ======  ====== ======  ====== ======

               WICOR Return on Average Common Equity
          before cumulative effects of accounting changes

year                         91      92     93      94     95 
                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                             9.5     9.2   11.2    11.6   13.1

                        Annual Degree Days
                   % warmer than 20-year average

year                         91      92     93      94     95 
                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                            10.8     6.4    4.1     9.0    2.8


           Manufacturing International and Export Sales
                       (millions of dollars)

year                         91      92     93      94     95 
                           ------  ------ ------  ------ ------
                            75.5    85.9   93.8   114.2  130.2<PAGE>
<PAGE>  11
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of WICOR, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements
of capitalization of WICOR, Inc. (a Wisconsin corporation) and subsidiaries
as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related consolidated statements of
income, common equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 1995. These financial statements are the
responsibility of WICOR, Inc. s management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of WICOR, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

Milwaukee, Wisconsin       Arthur Andersen LLP
January 22, 1996<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12


Consolidated Statements of Income

(Thousands of Dollars, Except per Share Amounts)
  
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year Ended December 31,                      1995      1994      1993
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>
Operating Revenues
  Energy                                  $ 522,840 $ 556,587 $ 574,835
  Manufacturing                             337,754   311,168   274,693
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
                                            860,594             867,755   849,528
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Operating Costs and Expenses
  Cost of gas sold                          322,198   357,482   382,027
  Manufacturing cost of sales               245,688   222,679   197,297
  Operations and maintenance                174,515   181,820   169,068
  Depreciation and amortization              29,696    29,416    28,044
  Taxes, other than income taxes              9,421     9,748     9,141
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
                                            781,518   801,145   785,577
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Operating Income                             79,076    66,610    63,951
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
  Interest expense                          (19,299)            (16,698)       (17,428)
  Other income and expenses                   2,438       574       266
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Income Before Income Taxes                   62,215    50,486    46,789
  Income taxes                               22,688    17,312    17,476
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Net Income                                $  39,527 $  33,174 $  29,313
                                          ==========          ==========     ==========
Per Share of Common Stock
  Net income                              $    2.32 $    1.99 $    1.82
  Cash dividends                          $    1.62 $    1.58 $    1.54

Average common shares outstanding (thousands)          17,020    16,708    16,096

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13

Consolidated Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)         December 31,            1995      1994   
                                          -----------         -----------
<S>                                       <C>                 <C>        
Assets
  Current Assets
     Cash and cash equivalents            $   20,380          $   35,138 
     Accounts receivable, less allowance for
       doubtful accounts of $10,343 and $9,233,
       respectively                          132,203             103,487 
     Accrued utility revenues                 48,847              40,327 
     Manufacturing inventories                68,236              60,239 
     Gas in storage, at weighted average cost           24,117              38,050 
     Deferred income taxes                    20,256              15,540 
     Prepayments and other                    14,990              19,519 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             329,029             312,300 
                                          -----------         -----------
  Property, Plant and Equipment, at cost
     Gas distribution                        757,950             718,988 
     Manufacturing                           119,032             103,696 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             876,982             822,684 
     Less accumulated depreciation
        and amortization                     440,942             407,121 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             436,040             415,563 
                                          -----------         -----------
  Deferred Charges and Other
     Regulatory assets                       104,145             116,896 
     Goodwill                                 61,096               6,914 
     Prepaid pension costs                    33,073              30,865 
     Systems development costs                28,868              34,071 
     Other                                              16,263              14,099 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             243,445             202,845 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                          $1,008,514          $  930,708 
                                          ===========         ===========
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14

Consolidated Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)         December 31,            1995                1994   
                                          -----------         -----------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>
Liabilities and Capitalization
  Current Liabilities
     Short-term borrowings                $  106,377          $  111,506 
     Accounts payable                         63,920              65,626 
     Refundable gas costs                     34,347              18,058 
     Accrued payroll and benefits             16,340              15,141 
     Current portion of long-term debt         6,836               5,031 
     Accrued taxes                             6,940               8,400 
     Other                                              19,638              15,661 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             254,398             239,423 
                                          -----------         -----------
  Deferred Credits and Other
     Postretirement benefit obligation        67,306              69,730 
     Regulatory liabilities                   64,896              60,900 
     Deferred income taxes                    39,282              42,322 
     Accrued environmental remediation costs            36,381              37,188 
     Unamortized investment tax credit         7,724               8,187 
     Accrued pipeline transition costs           261               7,411 
     Other                                              18,287              12,410 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             234,137             238,148 
                                          -----------         -----------
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7)

  Capitalization (See accompanying statement)
     Long-term debt                          174,713             161,669 
     Redeemable preferred stock                    -                   - 
     Common equity                           345,266             291,468 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                             519,979             453,137 
                                          -----------         -----------
                                          $1,008,514          $  930,708 
                                          ===========         ===========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  15

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)  Year Ended December 31,     1995       1994      1993   
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
<S>                                       <C>                 <C>            <C>       
Operations
  Net income                              $  39,527           $  33,174      $  29,313 
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
   net cash flow from operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization           48,477              47,097         43,738 
     Deferred income taxes                   (6,436)             (9,091)        (3,969)
  Changes in:
     Receivables                            (33,298)             21,105        (13,993)
     Manufacturing inventories               (1,931)             (2,027)        (2,590)
     Gas in storage                          14,121               6,647        (38,050)
     Other current assets                     3,545              (4,827)          (569)
     Systems development costs                    -                (841)        (6,530)
     Accounts payable                        (6,889)              2,943        (11,055)
     Refundable gas costs                    16,289               2,462          1,955 
     Accrued taxes                           (7,839)             (2,412)         9,169 
     Other current liabilities                5,176                 947           (292)
     Other noncurrent assets and liabilities             (824)              8,374         (3,726)
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
       Cash provided by operating activities           69,918             103,551          3,401 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Investment Activities
  Capital expenditures                      (56,241)            (55,051)       (51,906)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                5,099                  42          5,328 
  Acquisitions                              (58,256)                (72)        (2,120)
  Other, net                                    365                 343            541 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
     Cash (used in) investing activities   (109,033)            (54,738)       (48,157)
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Financing Activities
  Change in short-term borrowings             4,059             (21,617)        59,603 
  Issuance of long-term debt                 65,000               1,869         47,446 
  Reduction of long-term debt               (57,700)             (4,795)       (50,982)
  Issuance of common stock                   40,285              10,649         16,682 
  Dividends paid on common stock,
     less amounts reinvested                (27,454)            (23,247)       (21,450)
  Other                                                   167                 513           (222)
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
   Cash (used) provided by financing activities        24,357             (36,628)        51,077 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents         (14,758)             12,185          6,321 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year         35,138              22,953         16,632 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year  $  20,380           $  35,138      $  22,953 
                                          ==========          ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16

Consolidated Statements of Capitalization
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)      December 31,     1995                1994   
                                          ----------          ----------
<S>                                       <C>                 <C>       
Long-Term Debt
  Wisconsin Gas:
     First mortgage bonds
       Adjustable Rate Series,
          9.3% and 7.4%, respectively, due 1999     $   6,000           $  10,000 
     9-1/8% Notes due 1997                        -              50,000 
     7-1/2% Notes due 1998                   40,000              40,000 
     6.6% Notes due 2013                     45,000              45,000 
     6-3/8% Notes due 2005                   65,000                   - 
  Sta-Rite:
     First mortgage notes, adjustable rate, 5.3%
          to 5.8%, due semi-annually through 2000         909               1,203 
     Industrial revenue bonds, 7.84%,
        payable through 2000                  1,770               2,190 
     Commercial paper under multi-year
        credit agreement                     11,202               6,853 
     Capital lease obligations and other      1,271               1,222 
  Unamortized (discount), net                (1,754)             (1,169)
  ESOP loan guarantee                         5,315               6,370 
                                          ----------          ----------
                                            174,713             161,669 
                                          ----------          ----------
Redeemable Preferred Stock
  WICOR:
     $1.00 par value; authorized 1,500,000 shares           -                   - 
  Wisconsin Gas:
     Without par value, cumulative;
       authorized 1,500,000 shares                -                   - 
                                          ----------          ----------
                                                  -                   - 
                                          ----------          ----------
Common Equity
  Common stock, $1.00 par value, authorized
     60,000,000 shares; outstanding 18,237,000
     and 16,918,000 shares, respectively     18,237              16,918 
  Other paid-in capital                     219,133             180,000 
  Retained earnings                         113,491             101,418 
  Unearned compensation-ESOP and restricted stock      (5,595)             (6,868)
                                          ----------          ----------
                                            345,266             291,468 
                                          ----------          ----------
Total Capitalization                      $ 519,979           $ 453,137 
                                          ==========          ==========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17
Consolidated Statements of Common Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars)         December 31,         1995       1994     1993   
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
<S>                                       <C>                 <C>            <C>       
Common Stock
  Balance at beginning of year            $  16,918           $  16,407      $  15,722 
     Issued in connection with underwritten
       public offering                        1,265                   -              - 
     Issued in connection with dividend
       reinvestment, customer stock purchase
       and employee benefit plans                54                 511            685 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
  Balance at end of year                     18,237              16,918         16,407 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Other Paid-in Capital
  Balance at beginning of year              180,000             166,710        148,064 
     Issued in connection with underwritten
       public offering                       37,684                   -              - 
     Received in connection with dividend
       reinvestment, customer stock purchase
       and employee benefits plans            1,449              13,290         18,646 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
  Balance at end of year                    219,133             180,000        166,710 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Retained Earnings
  Balance at beginning of year              101,418              94,643         90,102 
     Net income                              39,527              33,174         29,313 
     Dividends on common stock              (27,454)            (26,399)       (24,099)
     Other                                                  -                   -           (673)
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
  Balance at end of year                    113,491             101,418         94,643 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Unearned Compensation - ESOP and Restricted Stock
  Balance at beginning of year               (6,868)             (7,484)        (8,601)
     Loan payments                            1,055               1,114          1,117 
     Issuance of restricted stock                 -                (723)             - 
     Amortization of restricted stock           218                 225              - 
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
  Balance at end of year                     (5,595)             (6,868)        (7,484)
                                          ----------          ----------     ----------
Total Common Equity at End of Year        $ 345,266           $ 291,468      $ 270,276 
                                          ==========          ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  18


Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

Because seasonal factors significantly affect the Company s operations
(particularly at the Wisconsin Gas level), the following data may not be
comparable between quarters:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Thousands of Dollars, Except per Share Amounts) 

                          Quarters:          First              Second          Third         Fourth  
                                -----------         ----------          -----------         ----------
<S>                             <C>                 <C>                 <C>                 <C>       
1995
- ---------------------------------------
  Operating revenues            $  269,304          $ 179,199           $  162,738          $ 249,353 
  Operating income (loss)       $   42,848          $   8,456           $   (3,033)         $  30,805 
  Income available for common stock       $   24,789          $   2,678      $   (4,944)    $  17,004 
  Net income(loss)/common share(a)        $     1.46          $    0.16      $    (0.29)    $    0.99 

1994
- ---------------------------------------
  Operating revenues            $  320,625          $ 186,079           $  151,037          $ 210,014 
  Operating income (loss)       $   49,444          $   5,500           $   (8,668)         $  20,334 
  Income available for common stock       $   28,202          $     998      $   (8,069)    $  12,043 
  Net income(loss)/common share(a)        $     1.71          $    0.06      $    (0.48)    $    0.71 

</TABLE>


(a)  Quarterly earnings per share may not total to the amounts reported for
     the year since the computation is based on weighted average common
          shares outstanding during each quarter.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  19


            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1 ACCOUNTING POLICIES

a  Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of WICOR, Inc.,
(WICOR or the Company) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: Wisconsin Gas
Company (Wisconsin Gas), WICOR Energy Services Company (WESCO), Sta-Rite
Industries, Inc. (Sta-Rite), SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co. (Shurflo) and
Hypro Corporation (Hypro). All appropriate intercompany transactions have
been eliminated. 

b  Business

The Company is a diversified holding Company with two principal business
groups: energy and manufacturing of pumps and processing equipment used to
pump, control, transfer, hold and filter water and other fluids. The Company
engages in natural gas distribution through Wisconsin Gas, the oldest and
largest natural gas distribution utility in Wisconsin. Wisconsin Gas is
subject to regulation by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin (PSCW)
and gives recognition to ratemaking policies substantially in accordance
with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) System of Accounts. At
December 31, 1995, Wisconsin Gas served approximately 505,000 customers in
503 communities. The natural gas distribution and related services group
accounted for 61% and 74% of the Company s 1995 operating revenues and
operating income, respectively. Through several nonutility subsidiaries, the
Company also engages in the manufacture and sale of pumps, fluid processing
and filtration equipment. The Company s products are used primarily in water
system, pool and spa, agriculture, RV/marine and beverage/ food service
applications. The manufacturing group accounted for 39% and 26% of the
Company s 1995 operating revenues and operating income, respectively.

c  Gas Distribution Revenues and Purchased Gas Costs

Utility billings are rendered on a cycle basis. Revenues include estimated
amounts accrued for service provided but not yet billed.

Wisconsin Gas  rate schedules contain purchased gas adjustment (PGA)
provisions which permit the recovery of actual purchased gas costs incurred.
The difference between actual gas costs incurred and costs recovered through
rates, adjusted for inventory activity, is deferred as a current asset or
liability. The deferred balance is returned to or recovered from customers
at intervals throughout the year and any residual balance at the annual
October 31 reconciliation date is subsequently refunded to or recovered from
customers.

The PSCW is currently permitting Wisconsin Gas to recover pipeline supplier
take-or-pay settlement costs, allocating a portion of the direct-billed
costs to each customer class, including transportation customers.

d  Plant and Depreciation

Gas distribution property, plant and equipment is stated at original cost,
including overhead allocations. Upon ordinary retirement of plant assets,
their cost plus cost of removal, net of salvage, is charged to accumulated
depreciation, and no gain or loss is recognized.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  20

The depreciation of Wisconsin Gas  assets is computed using straight-line
rates over estimated useful lives and considers salvage value. These rates
have been consistently used for ratemaking purposes. The composite rates are
4.2%, 4.5% and 4.7% for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Depreciation of
manufacturing property is calculated under the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets (3 to 10 years for equipment and 30
years for buildings) and is primarily reported as a cost of sales.

e  Regulatory Accounting 

The Company and Wisconsin Gas account for their regulated operations in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 71,
 Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation.  This statement
sets forth the application of generally accepted accounting principles to
those companies whose rates are determined by an independent third-party
regulator. The economic effects of regulation can result in regulated
companies recording costs that have been or are expected to be allowed in
the ratemaking process in a period different from the period in which the
costs would be charged to expense by an unregulated enterprise. When this
occurs, costs are deferred as assets in the balance sheet (regulatory
assets) and recorded as expenses in the periods those same amounts are
reflected in rates. Additionally, regulators can impose liabilities upon a
regulated company for amounts previously collected from customers and for
amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers (regulatory
liabilities).

The amounts recorded as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1995 and 1994 are as follows:

(Thousands of Dollars)             1995                1994   
                                ----------          ----------
Regulatory assets:
  Postretirement benefit
     costs (Note 9)             $  45,054           $  47,832 
  Deferred environmental costs     41,457              41,942 
  Pipeline transition costs           261               7,411 
  Income tax-related amounts
     due from customers             3,357               3,711 
  Other                                      14,016              16,000 
                                ----------          ----------
                                $ 104,145           $ 116,896 
                                ==========          ==========
Regulatory liabilities:
  Income tax-related amounts
     due to customers           $  22,891           $  24,098 
  Pension costs (Note 9)           19,482              22,333 
  Other                                      22,523              14,469 
                                ----------          ----------
                                $  64,896           $  60,900 
                                ==========          ==========

Consistent with PSCW regulation, Wisconsin Gas has capitalized computer 
systems development costs and amortizes the costs to expense over a five- to
ten- year period.

Wisconsin Gas is precluded from discontinuing service to residential
customers within its service area during a certain portion of the heating
season. Any differences between doubtful account provisions based on actual
experience and provisions allowed for ratemaking purposes by the PSCW are
deferred for later recovery in rates as a cost of service. The most recent
PSCW rate order provides for a $13.9 million allowable annual provision for
doubtful accounts, including amortization of prior deferred amounts.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  21
See Notes 7 and 9 for discussion of additional regulatory assets.

f  Income Taxes

The Company files a consolidated Federal income tax return and allocates
Federal current tax expense or credits to each subsidiary based on its
respective separate tax computation.

For Wisconsin Gas, investment tax credits were recorded as a deferred credit
on the balance sheet and are being amortized to income over the applicable
service lives of the related properties consistent with regulatory
treatment.

g  Net Income per Common Share

Net income per common share is based on the weighted average number of
shares. Employee stock options are not recognized in the computation of
earnings per common share as they are not materially dilutive.

h  Manufacturing Inventories

Approximately 58% and 48% of manufacturing inventories, in 1995 and 1994,
respectively, are priced using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method (not in
excess of market), with the remaining inventories priced using the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) method. If the FIFO method had been used exclusively,
manufacturing inventories would have been $7.9 million and $8.4 million
higher at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

i  Cash Flows

The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an 
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Due to the
short maturity of these instruments, market value approximates cost.

Beginning in 1995, dividends to be reinvested in shareholder accounts were
purchased in the open market. The Company s dividends reinvested (pursuant
to its dividend reinvestment plan) totalled $3.2 million and $2.6 million
for 1994 and 1993, respectively.

For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, income taxes paid
(net of refunds) and interest paid (excluding capitalized interest) were as
follows for each of the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993:

(Thousands of Dollars)            1995      1994      1993  
                                --------  --------  --------
Income taxes paid               $ 27,801  $ 31,384  $ 16,106
Interest paid                   $ 18,855  $ 15,714  $ 17,678

j  Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company has a limited involvement with derivative financial instruments
and does not use them for trading or speculative purposes. Foreign exchange
futures and forward contracts are used to hedge foreign exchange exposure
resulting from international purchases or sales of products. Gains and
losses from open contracts are deferred until recognized as part of the
purchase transaction. Such gains and losses included in net income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 1995,
1994 and 1993 were not material. Wisconsin Gas purchased options in 1995 to
hedge a small portion of gas costs incurred for resale. The cost of the
options and any gains or losses realized do not affect income since they are
accounted for under the purchased gas adjustment clause.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  22

k  Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those results.

l  Reclassifications

Certain prior year financial statement amounts have been reclassified to
conform to their current year presentation.

2 MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS

On July 19, 1995, the Company completed the acquisition of Hypro for $58
million in cash and the assumption of operating liabilities totaling $13.3
million. Hypro designs, manufactures and markets pumps and water processing
equipment for the agricultural, high-pressure cleaning, marine, industrial
and fire protection markets. The acquisition has been accounted for as a
purchase and the results of operations of Hypro have been included in the
consolidated financial statements commencing July 19, 1995. The purchase
price was allocated to the net assets based upon their estimated fair market
values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of
net assets acquired amounted to approximately $58 million, which has been
recorded as goodwill and is being amortized straight line over 40 years.

On July 28, 1993, the Company completed its merger with Carr-Griff, Inc.
which became SHURflo, a wholly-owned subsidiary of WICOR, Inc. Shurflo
designs, 
manufactures and sells pumps to the food service, recreational vehicle,
marine, industrial and water purification markets. The Company issued
approximately 0.9 million shares of common stock, valued at approximately
$27 million, for all the outstanding common stock of Shurflo. This
transaction was accounted for as a pooling of interests.

3 INCOME TAXES

The current and deferred components of income tax expense for each of the
years ended December 31, are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)             1995                1994                1993   
                                ----------          ----------          ----------
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>
Current
  Federal                       $  25,728           $  23,516           $  18,576 
  State                                                         6,641       5,816               4,742 
  Foreign                           1,256               1,627                 834 
                                ----------          ----------          ----------
     Total Current                 33,625              30,959              24,152 
                                ----------          ----------          ----------
Deferred
  Federal                         (10,275)            (11,247)             (6,432)
  State                                                        (1,816)     (2,012)               (961)
  Foreign                           1,154                (388)                717 
                                ----------          ----------          ----------
     Total Deferred               (10,937)            (13,647)             (6,676)
                                ----------          ----------          ----------
Total Provision                 $  22,688           $  17,312           $  17,476 
                                ==========          ==========          ==========
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  23

The provision for income taxes differs from the amount of income tax
determined by applying the applicable U.S. statutory federal income tax rate
to pretax income as a result of the following differences:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of Dollars)
 Year ended December 31,         1995           1994           1993     
                            -------------- -------------- --------------
<S>                         <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>   
Statutory U.S. tax rates    $21,775 35.0%  $17,670 35.0%  $16,376 35.0% 
State income taxes, net       3,235  5.2     2,518  5.0     2,326  5.0  
Excess of foreign (benefit) provision
  over U.S. statutory tax rate  378  0.6      (174)(0.3)      886  1.9  
Investment credit restored     (457)(0.7)     (461)(0.9)     (473)(1.0) 
Amortization of excess deferred taxes         (507)(0.8)     (505)(1.0)     (532)(1.1) 
Settlement of disputed tax matters   - -      (998)(2.0)        -    -  
Other, net                                  (1,736)(2.8)     (738)(1.5)   (1,107)(2.4) 
                            -------------- -------------- --------------
Effective Tax Rates         $22,688 36.5%  $17,312 34.3%  $17,476 37.4% 
                            ============== ============== ==============
</TABLE>

The components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31,
1995 and 1994 are as follows:

(Thousands of Dollars)             1995      1994   
                                --------------------
Deferred Income Tax Assets
  Recoverable gas costs         $  13,416 $   7,258 
  Inventory                         1,290     1,935 
  Deferred compensation             2,416     2,026 
  Other                                       3,134     4,321 
                                --------------------
                                $  20,256 $  15,540 
                                ====================
Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
  Property related              $  44,647 $  41,054 
  Systems development costs        11,586    13,675 
  Investment tax credit            (5,109)   (5,416)
  Gas transition costs                105     2,974 
  Postretirement benefits          (8,195)   (8,059)
  Deferred compensation            (3,044)   (3,055)
  Pension benefits                  5,039     2,842 
  Environmental                    (4,725)   (1,669)
  Other                                      (1,022)      (24)
                                --------------------
                                $  39,282 $  42,322 
                                ====================<PAGE>
<PAGE>  24

4 SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

As of December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company had total unsecured lines of
credit available from banks of $204.2 million and $206.5 million,
respectively. These borrowing arrangements may require the maintenance of
average compensating balances, which are generally satisfied by balances
maintained for normal business operations, and may be withdrawn at any time.


(Thousands of Dollars)   December 31,        1995      1994   
                                --------------------
Notes payable to banks
  U.S. subsidiaries             $  27,000 $     100 
  Non-U.S. subsidiaries            19,352    16,835 
Commercial paper - U.S.            60,025    94,571 
                                --------------------
                                $ 106,377 $ 111,506 
                                ====================
Weighted average interest rates on
  debt outstanding at end of year:
     Notes payable to banks
       U.S. subsidiaries              5.9%      7.5%
       Non-U.S. subsidiaries          9.2%      6.2%
     Commercial paper - U.S.          5.9%      5.9%

Highest month-end balance       $ 129,058 $ 111,506 
Average month-end balance       $  71,911 $  63,451 


5 LONG-TERM DEBT

In November 1995, Wisconsin Gas issued $65 million of 6 3/8% Notes due in
2005, a portion of the proceeds were used to redeem $50 million of 9 1/8%
Notes due in 1997. In September 1993, Wisconsin Gas issued $45 million of
6.6% Notes due in 2013, the proceeds of which were used to refinance $45
million of first mortgage bonds. Substantially all gas distribution and
certain manufacturing property and plant is subject to first mortgage liens.
Maturities and sinking fund requirements during the succeeding five years on
all long-term debt total $6.8 million, $14.9 million, $43.0 million, $2.1
million and $0.4 million in 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.


6 RESTRICTIONS

A November 1993 rate order issued by the PSCW sets an equity range of 43% to
50% for Wisconsin Gas and also requires Wisconsin Gas to request PSCW
approval prior to the payment of dividends on its common stock to WICOR if
the payment would reduce its common equity (net assets) below 43% of total
capitalization (including short-term debt). Under this requirement, $26.8
million of Wisconsin Gas  net assets at December 31, 1995, plus future
earnings, were available for such dividends without PSCW approval. In
addition, the PSCW must also approve any dividends in excess of $16 million
for any 12 month period beginning November 1 if such dividends would reduce
Wisconsin Gas  total equity below 48.43% of its total capitalization.
Wisconsin Gas paid $4 million in dividends in November 1995 and expects to
pay $19 million in dividends for the 12 months ending October 1996.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  25

In connection with its long-term debt agreements, Sta-Rite is subject to
restrictions on working capital, shareholder equity and debt. These
agreements also limit the amount of retained earnings available for the
payment of cash dividends to WICOR and for certain investments. At December
31, 1995, $6.3 million of Sta-Rite net assets plus 50% of its future
earnings were available for payment of dividends 
to WICOR.

Combined restricted common equity of the Company s subsidiaries totaled
$241.2 million under the most restrictive provisions as of December 31,
1995; accordingly, $104.1 million of consolidated retained earnings is
available for payment of dividends.

Historically, the PSCW has imposed restrictions on public utility holding 
companies, including WICOR, relating to future nonutility investments. Under
current restrictions, Wisconsin Gas should remain the predominant business,
generally as measured by equity, within the holding company system. Under
these restrictions, the amount allowable for future nonutility equity
investment at December 31, 1995, was $52.6 million. Also, nonutility
subsidiaries can borrow additional amounts for acquisitions; however, if
debt for the combined nonutility entities exceeds 40% of total
capitalization for these entities, further PSCW actions may be necessary.
Debt was 32% of total capitalization for the nonutility entities at December
31, 1995.


7 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

a  Gas Supply

Wisconsin Gas has agreements for firm pipeline and storage capacity that
expire at various dates through 2008. The aggregate amount of required
payments under such agreements totals approximately $1,010 million, with
annual required payments of $133 million in 1996, $132 million in 1997, $125
million in 1998, $123 million in 1999 and $123 million in 2000. Wisconsin
Gas  total payments of fixed charges under all agreements were $130.5
million in 1995, $130.4 million in 1994 and $133.9 million in 1993. The
purchased gas adjustment provisions of Wisconsin Gas  rate schedules permit
the recovery of gas costs from its customers. In 1992, the FERC issued Order
No. 636 that, among other things, mandated the unbundling of interstate
pipeline sales service and established certain open access transportation
regulations that became effective beginning in the 1993-94 heating season.
Order No. 636 permits pipeline suppliers to pass through to Wisconsin Gas
any prudently incurred transition costs, such as unrecovered gas costs, gas
supply realignment costs and stranded investment costs. Wisconsin Gas
estimates its portion of such costs from all of its pipeline suppliers would
approximate $14.5 million at December 31, 1995, based upon prior filings
with FERC by the pipeline suppliers. The pipeline suppliers will continue to
file quarterly with the FERC for recovery of actual costs incurred.

The FERC has allowed ANR Pipeline Company to recover capacity and  above 
market  supply costs associated with quantities purchased from Dakota
Gasification Company ( Dakota ) under a long-term contract expiring in the
year 2009. Consistent with guidelines set forth in Order No. 636 ANR has
allocated 90% of Dakota costs to firm transportation service recoverable
through a reservation rate surcharge and 10% to interruptible service. ANR
and other pipelines reached a settlement with Dakota governing the price of
Dakota gas. A FERC administrative law judge ( ALJ ) has overturned the
settlement and ordered refunds of amounts collected from pipeline customers.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  26
The ALJ s decision is subject to review by FERC. Pending a final resolution,
ANR currently recovers the difference between costs paid to Dakota and the
current market price. Based on Wisconsin Gas contracted quantities with ANR,
Wisconsin Gas is currently paying approximately $500,000 per month of Dakota
costs. This amount varies month-to-month and across years based on the
spread between ANR contract terms with Dakota and the market indices for
pricing spot gas.

Transition costs billed to Wisconsin Gas are being recovered from customers
under the purchased gas provisions within its rate schedules. Assuming no
drastic changes in the market for natural gas, Wisconsin Gas does not expect
pipeline transition costs to significantly affect the total cost of gas to
its customers because (1) Wisconsin Gas will purchase its wellhead gas
supplies based upon market prices that should be below the cost of gas
previously embedded in the bundled pipeline sales service and (2) many
elements of transition costs were previously embedded in the rates for the
pipelines  bundled sales service. The unbundling of pipeline sales service
requires Wisconsin Gas to contract directly and separately for wellhead gas
supply and firm transportation services. As a result of FERC Order No. 636,
Wisconsin Gas has contracted directly for underground storage since 1993.

b  Capital Expenditures

Certain commitments have been made in connection with 1996 capital
expenditures. Energy Group s capital expenditures for 1996 are estimated at
$48 million. The Manufacturing Group s capital expenditures for 1996 are
estimated at $19 million.

c  Environmental Matters

Wisconsin Gas has identified two previously owned sites on which it operated
manufactured gas plants that are of environmental concern. Such plants
ceased operations prior to the mid-1950 s. Wisconsin Gas has engaged an
environmental consultant to help determine the nature and extent of the
contamination at these sites. Based on the test results obtained and the
possible remediation alternatives available, the Company has estimated that
cleanup costs could range from $22 million to $75 million. As of December
31, 1995, the Company has accrued $36.4 million for future cleanup costs.
These estimates are based on current undiscounted costs. It should also be
noted that the numerous assumptions such as the type and extent of
contamination, available remediation techniques, and regulatory requirements
which are used in developing these estimates are subject to change as new
information becomes available. Any such changes in assumptions could have a
significant impact on the potential liability. Due to anticipated regulatory
treatment, as discussed below, changes in the recorded liability do not
immediately impact net income.

The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources ( WDNR ) issued a Probable
Responsible Party letter to Wisconsin Gas for these two sites in September
1994. Following receipt of this letter, Wisconsin Gas and the WDNR held an
initial meeting to discuss the sites. At the meeting it was agreed that
Wisconsin Gas would prepare a remedial action options report from which it
will select specific remedial actions for recommendation to the WDNR. During
1995 the Company gathered additional environmental data regarding these two
sites, held extensive discussions concerning remedial options with current
land owners and solicited information from environmental consulting and
remediation firms on technology and approaches that would best suit the
sites. These efforts were directed toward preparing a remedial action
options report and recommendations for presentation to the WDNR during 1996.
Once such a plan is approved, initial remediation work will begin.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  27
Expenditures over the next three years are expected to total approximately
$20.0 million. Although most of the work and the cost are expected to be
incurred in the first few years of the plan, monitoring of sites and other
necessary actions may be undertaken for up to 30 years. 

In March 1994, Wisconsin Gas commenced suit against nine insurance carriers
seeking a declaratory judgment regarding insurance coverage for the two
sites. Settlements were reached with each of the carriers during 1994.
Additional insurance recoveries are being pursued. Under recent PSCW rate
orders, the Company expects full recovery of incurred remediation costs,
less amounts recovered from insurance carriers. If the amount recovered from
the insurance carriers is insufficient to remediate both sites, expenditures
not recovered will be allowed full recovery (other than for carrying costs)
in rates based upon recent PSCW orders. Accordingly, a regulatory asset has
been recorded for the accrued cost. Certain related investigation costs
incurred to date are currently being recovered in utility rates. However,
any incurred costs not yet recovered in rates are not allowed by the PSCW to
earn a return. As of December 31, 1995, $4.8 million of such costs had been
incurred.

The manufacturing subsidiaries are involved in various environmental
matters, including matters in which the subsidiaries or alleged predecessors
have been named as potentially responsible parties under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA). The Company
has established accruals for all environmental contingencies of which
management is currently aware in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. In establishing these accruals, management considered
(a) reports of environmental consultants retained by the Company, (b) the
costs incurred to date by the Company at sites where clean-up is presently
ongoing and the estimated costs to complete the necessary remediation work
remaining at such sites, (c) the financial solvency, where appropriate, of
other parties that have been responsible for effecting remediation at
specified sites, and (d) the experience of other parties who have been
involved in the remediation of comparable sites. The accruals recorded by
the Company with respect to environmental matters have not been reduced by
potential insurance or other recoveries and are not discounted. Although the
Company has and will continue to pursue such claims against insurance
carriers and other responsible parties, future potential recoveries remain
uncertain and, therefore, were not recorded as reduction to the estimated
gross environmental liabilities. Based on the foregoing and given current
information, management believes that future costs in excess of the amounts
accrued on all presently known and quantifiable environmental contingencies
will not be material to the Company s financial position or results of
operations.

d  Other

The Company is party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of business which are not expected to have a material effect on the
Company s financial position or results of operations.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  28

8 COMMON STOCK AND OTHER PAID-IN CAPITAL

The Company s articles of incorporation authorize 60,000,000 shares of
common stock, of which 18,236,998 shares and 16,918,004 shares were
outstanding at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively. In December 1995,
the Company sold in a public offering 1,265,000 shares of its common stock
which generated net proceeds of approximately $38.9 million. The proceeds
were used to pay a portion of the debt incurred for the acquisition of
Hypro. Common stock totaling 2,853,563 shares is reserved for issuance under
the Company s dividend reinvestment, stock and incentive savings plans. In
addition, 21,306,072 shares are reserved pursuant to the Company s
shareholder rights plan.

Under certain circumstances, each right entitles the shareholder to purchase
one common share at an exercise price of $75, subject to adjustment. The
rights are not exercisable until ten business days after a person or group
announces a tender offer or exchange offer which would result in their
acquiring ownership of 20% or more of the Company s outstanding common stock
or after a person or group acquires at least 20% of the Company s
outstanding common shares. Under certain circumstances, including the
existence of a 20% acquiring party, each holder of a right, other than the
acquiring party, will have the right to purchase at the exercise price WICOR
common stock having a value of two times the exercise price. If, after 20%
or more of the outstanding shares of WICOR common stock is acquired by a
person or group and the Company is then acquired by that person or group,
rights holders would be entitled to purchase shares of common stock of the
acquiring person or group having a market value of two times the exercise
price of the rights. The rights do not have any voting rights and may be
redeemed at a price of $.01 per right. The rights expire on August 29, 1999.


9 BENEFIT PLANS

 a  Pension Plans

The Company s subsidiaries have non-contributory pension plans which cover
substantially all their employees and include benefits based on levels of
compensation and years of service. Employer contributions and funding
policies are consistent with funding requirements of Federal law and
regulations. Commencing November 1, 1992, Wisconsin Gas pension costs or
credits have been calculated in accordance with SFAS No. 87 and are
recoverable from customers. Prior to this date, pension costs were
recoverable in rates as funded.

The following table sets forth the funded status of pension plans at
December 31, 1995 and 1994. The cumulative difference between the amounts
funded and the amounts based on SFAS No. 87 through November 1, 1992, is
recorded as a regulatory liability and is being amortized as a reduction of
pension expense over an eight-year period effective November 1, 1994.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  29

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Assets Exceed                  Accumulated Benefits  
                                          Accumulated Benefits                 Exceed Assets     
                                          ----------------------           ----------------------
(Thousands of Dollars)   December 31,        1995      1994      1995                     1994   
                                ----------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       
Accumulated benefit obligation
  Vested benefits               $(110,484)$ (97,478)$  (7,234)$  (5,825)
  Nonvested benefits              (12,339)  (10,827)   (1,457)   (1,185)
                                ----------------------------------------
                                 (122,823) (108,305)   (8,691)   (7,010)
Effect of projected future
  compensation levels             (43,481)  (41,021)   (1,267)     (677)
                                ----------------------------------------
Projected benefit obligation     (166,304) (149,326)   (9,958)   (7,687)
Plan assets at fair value         217,156   197,278       474       209 
                                ----------------------------------------
Plan assets greater (less) than
  projected benefit obligation     50,852    47,952    (9,484)   (7,478)
Unrecognized net (asset) liability at
  September 30, 1985 being recognized
  over approximately 16 years     (15,024)  (16,777)      966     1,035 
Unrecognized prior service costs    4,422     4,794       258       253 
Unrecognized net (gain) loss       (7,177)   (5,104)    1,143       523 
Additional minimum liability recorded   -         -    (1,468)   (1,307)
                                ----------------------------------------
Prepaid pension asset (accrued liability) $  33,073 $  30,865 $  (8,585)               $  (6,974)
                                ========================================
</TABLE>


The weighted average discount rate assumptions used in determining the
actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligation were 7.5%, 8.25%
and 7.5% for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The expected long-term rate
of return on assets was 8.6% for 1995 and 1994 and 8.2% for 1993. The
expected long-term rate of compensation growth was 5.3% for 1995 and 1994
and 6.0% for 1993.

Net pension (income) costs for each of the years ended December 31, include
the following components:

(Thousands of Dollars)             1995      1994      1993   
                                ------------------------------
Service costs                   $   4,374 $   5,260 $   5,658 
Interest costs on projected
  benefit obligations              12,830    12,249    11,807 
Actual (gain) loss on plan assets (29,107)    1,225   (18,016)
Net amortization and deferral      10,760   (18,896)      (69)
Gain on early retirement incentive      -      (268)        - 
Amortization of regulatory liability         (2,851)     (475)        - 
                                ------------------------------
Net pension income              $  (3,994)$    (905)$    (620)
                                ==============================<PAGE>
<PAGE>  30

b  Postretirement Health Care and Life Insurance

In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides certain
health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees when they
reach normal retirement age while working for the Company. Wisconsin Gas
funds the accrual annually based on the maximum tax deductible amount.
Commencing January 1, 1992, Wisconsin Gas postretirement benefit costs have
been calculated in accordance with SFAS No. 106 and are recoverable from
customers. The cumulative difference between the amounts funded and the
amounts based on SFAS No. 106 through January 1, 1992, is recorded as a
regulatory asset and is being amortized over a twenty-year period effective
January 1, 1992. 

The following table sets forth the plans  funded status, reconciled with
amounts recognized in the Company s Statement of Financial Position at
December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

Accumulated benefit obligation
(Thousands of Dollars)             1995      1994   
                                --------------------
Retirees                        $ (55,729)$ (54,088)
Active employees                  (42,044)  (29,544)
                                --------------------
Accumulated benefit obligation    (97,773)  (83,632)
Plan assets at fair value          39,417    30,666 
                                --------------------
Accumulated benefit obligation
  in excess of plan assets        (58,356)  (52,966)
Unrecognized prior service costs  (15,915)  (16,347)
Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss)  6,965      (417)
                                --------------------
Accrued postretirement benefit  $ (67,306)$ (69,730)
                                ====================


Net postretirement health care and life insurance costs for each of the
years ended December 31, consisted of the following components:

(Thousands of Dollars)             1995      1994      1993   
                                ------------------------------
Service cost                    $   2,023 $   2,688 $   2,813 
Interest cost on projected
  benefit obligation                6,694     6,913     6,495 
Actual (gain) loss on plan assets  (6,185)      147    (1,414)
Amortization of regulatory asset    2,778     2,778     2,651 
Net amortization and deferral       2,531    (2,549)        - 
Loss on early retirement incentive      -     3,650         - 
                                ------------------------------
Net postretirement benefit cost $   7,841 $  13,627 $  10,545 
                                ==============================

The 1994 postretirement benefit cost was increased due to the early
retirement of 131 employees under a voluntary early retirement incentive
plan at Wisconsin Gas for employees age 55 and over. <PAGE>
<PAGE>  31

The postretirement benefit cost components for 1995 were calculated assuming
health care cost trend rates ranging up to 11% for 1995 and decreasing to
5.0% over 8 to 23 years. The health care cost trend rate has a significant
effect on the amounts reported. Increasing the assumed health care cost
trend rates by one percentage point in each year would increase the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation ( APBO ) as of December 31,
1995 by $14.7 million and the aggregate of the service and interest cost
components of postretirement expense by $1.9 million.

The assumed discount rate used in determining the actuarial present value of 
the APBO was 7.5% and 8.25% in 1995 and 1994, respectively. Plan assets are
primarily invested in equities and fixed income securities.

c  Retirement Savings Plans

Wisconsin Gas and Sta-Rite maintain various employee savings plans, which 
provide employees a mechanism to contribute amounts up to 16% of their 
compensation for the year. Company matching contributions may be made for up
to 5% of eligible compensation including 1% for the Employee Stock Ownership
Plan ( ESOP ). Total contributions were valued at $1.7 million in 1995, $1.7
million in 1994 and $1.8 million in 1993.

d  Employee Stock Ownership Plan

In November 1991, WICOR established an ESOP covering non-union employees of
Wisconsin Gas. The ESOP funds employee benefits of up to 1% of compensation
with Company common stock distributed through the ESOP. The ESOP used the
proceeds from a $10 million, 3-year adjustable rate loan (6.44% interest
rate at December 31, 1995), guaranteed by the Company, to purchase 431,266
shares of WICOR common stock. The Company extended the adjustable rate loan,
with similar terms, until March 29, 1996. The unpaid balance ($5.3 million)
is shown as long-term debt with a like amount of unearned compensation
reported as a reduction of common equity on the Company s balance sheet. The
Company expects to refinance the adjustable rate loan in the first quarter
of 1996.

The ESOP trustee is repaying the $10 million loan with dividends on shares 
of WICOR common stock in the ESOP and with Wisconsin Gas contributions to
the ESOP.

e  Stock Options

The Company has a total of 135 employees participating in one or more of its 
common stock option plans. All options were granted at prices not less than
the fair market value on the date of grant and expire not later than eleven
years from the date of grant. Changes in stock options outstanding for all
plans were as follows:

                                   1995      1994      1993   
                                ------------------------------
Outstanding at January 1          664,633   794,925   763,342 
  Granted                         136,400   135,800   180,350 
  Exercised/Canceled              (55,983) (266,092) (148,767)
                                ------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31        745,050   664,633   794,925 
                                ==============================
Exercise price per share        $ 15.34-  $ 13.38-  $ 10.38-  
                                $   30.63 $   30.63  $   27.31
 
Available for future grant at year-end      607,200   743,600   783,116 <PAGE>
<PAGE>  32
Under the Company s 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan ( 1994 Plan ), awards
covering up to 820,000 shares of common stock may be granted. The types of
awards that may be granted under the 1994 Plan include incentive stock
options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights and
restricted stock.

Awards of restricted stock subject to performance vesting criteria have been 
granted under the 1994 Plan. These awards will vest only if the Company
achieves certain financial goals over the three-year performance periods
1994 to 1996. Recipients of restricted stock awards are not required to
provide consideration to the Company other than rendering service and have
the right to vote the shares and the right to receive dividends thereon.

A total of 23,000 restricted shares (net of cancellations) were issued in
1994. Initially, the total market value of the shares is treated as unearned
compensation and is charged to expense over the vesting periods. For both
restricted stock and performance option shares, adjustments are made to
expense for changes in market value and progress towards achievement of
financial goals. Unearned compensation charged to expense was $0.1 million
and $0.2 million for performance options, and $0.2 million for restricted
stock in 1995 and 1994, respectively. 

f  Postemployment Benefit Plans

Effective January 1, 1994, the Company adopted SFAS No. 112,  Employers 
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits,  which requires accrual for all other
postemployment benefits. Total postemployment benefit expense was $0.6
million in 1995 and 1994, respectively, including a one-time cumulative
adjustment in 1994. The incremental costs of adopting this statement are
insignificant on an ongoing basis.

10 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and 
short-term borrowings approximates fair value due to the short-term
maturities of these instruments.

The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated based on the
quoted market prices of U.S. Treasury issues having a similar term to
maturity, adjusted for the Company s bond rating and the present value of
future cash flows.

Because Wisconsin Gas operates in a regulated environment, shareholders
would probably not be affected by realization of gains or losses on
extinguishment of its outstanding fixed-rate debt. Realized gains would be
refunded to and losses would be recovered from customers through gas rates.
The estimated fair value of WICOR s financial instruments at December 31, is
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 1995                               1994         
                                          ----------------------           ----------------------
                                 Carrying    Fair    Carrying    Fair   
(Thousands of Dollars)            Amount    Value      Amount   Value   
                                ----------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       
Cash and cash equivalents       $  20,380 $  20,380 $  35,138 $  35,138 
Accounts receivable             $ 132,203 $ 132,203 $ 103,487 $ 103,487 
Short-term debt                 $ 106,377 $ 106,377 $ 111,506 $ 111,506 
Long-term debt                  $ 174,713 $ 176,700 $ 161,669 $ 159,318 

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  33
11 OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

See page 28 for unaudited quarterly financial data. See Financial Review
on page 19 for industry segment data.

Selected Financial Data
(Thousands of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1995     1994    1993     1992     1991     1990    1989     1988
                               ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                            <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
Consolidated
Operating Data:
 Operating revenues (6)                $  860,594 $  867,755 $  849,528 $  747,409 $  716,767 $  696,023 $  741,218 $  780,633
 Net income continuing operations      $   39,527 $   33,174 $   29,313 $   22,764 $   22,966 $   16,651 $   33,359 $   30,400
 Net income                            $   39,527 $   33,174 $   29,313 $   14,799 $   22,966 $   16,651 $   33,881 $   34,163

Common Stock Data:
 Net income per share
  from continuing operations           $     2.32 $     1.99 $     1.82 $     1.47 $     1.54 $     1.14 $     2.30 $     2.12
 Net income per common share (1)       $     2.32 $     1.99 $     1.82 $     0.96 $     1.54 $     1.14 $     2.33 $     2.38
 Cash dividends per common share(1)    $     1.62 $     1.58 $     1.54 $     1.50 $     1.46 $     1.42 $     1.37 $     1.32
 Book value per common share (1)       $    18.93 $    17.23 $    16.47 $    15.60 $    15.84 $    16.12 $    16.83 $    15.82

Balance Sheet Data:
 Long-term debt                        $  174,713 $  161,669 $  165,230 $  164,171 $  168,366 $  130,215 $  122,639 $  133,034
 Redeemable preferred stock                     -          -          -          -          -          -          -          -
 Common equity                            345,266    291,468    270,276    245,287    243,453    237,407    244,351    227,080
                                       ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
  Capitalization at year-end           $  519,979 $  453,137 $  435,506 $  409,458 $  411,819 $  367,622 $  366,990 $  360,114
                                       ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========
 Total assets at year-end (2)          $1,008,514 $  930,708 $  933,726 $  825,774 $  670,250 $  651,559 $  620,548 $  565,967

Other General Data:
 Market-to-book ratio at year-end (%)         170        165        191        175        153        122        148        123
 Dividend payout ratio (%)(2)(3)(4)          69.5       79.6       82.2       96.1       89.0      117.2       55.0       52.0
 Yield at year-end (%)                        5.1        5.6        5.0        5.6        6.1        7.3        5.6        6.9
 Return ave common equity (%)(2)(3)(5)       13.1       11.6       11.2        9.2        9.5        6.8       14.3       15.3
 PE ratio at year-end (2)(3)                 13.9       14.3       17.3       18.5       15.7       17.2       10.7          8.2
 Price range                           $ 26 5/8 - $ 25 1/2 - $ 25 5/8 - $ 22 7/8 - $ 18 5/8 - $ 18 1/4 - $ 19 3/8 - $ 15 5/8 -
                                       $   32 7/8 $   32 5/8 $   32 7/8 $   27 3/8 $   24 3/8 $   25 1/4 $   25 3/8 $   20 7/8
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  34
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          1995       1994       1993       1992       1991       1990       1989       1988
                                       ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                    <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
 Shareholders at year-end                  15,238     16,517     17,091     17,780     18,503     19,463     20,509     21,611
 Cash flow from operations             $   69,918 $  103,551 $    3,401 $   37,012 $   50,413 $   10,022 $   94,623   $   73,526
 Capital expenditures                  $   56,241 $   55,051 $   51,906 $   71,873 $   45,113 $   37,529 $   40,944   $   48,295
 Employees at year-end                      3,359      3,214      3,222      3,178      3,196      3,152      3,696        3,927
 Debt/equity ratio at year-end              34/66      36/64      38/62      40/60      41/59      35/65      33/67      37/63

Energy Operations
 Operating revenues                    $  522,840 $  556,587 $  574,835 $  495,415 $  474,702 $  455,559 $  441,477 $  476,904
 Net income                            $   27,701 $   18,896 $   19,870 $   18,060 $   17,086 $   13,195 $   25,169   $   23,223
 Capital expenditures                  $   42,852 $   44,626 $   42,253 $   62,125 $   34,473 $   27,978 $   25,813   $   37,148
 Gas sold and transported (MDth)
  Residential                              49,425     46,369     47,964     45,905     45,614     43,020     48,154     46,769
  Commercial                               21,157     18,598     19,060     17,840     17,861     16,319     18,089     17,012
  Industrial firm                          13,496     14,544     15,246     14,488     15,690     15,106     16,915     16,808
  Industrial interruptible                 31,353     28,217     20,849     17,388     17,440     16,620      5,475      3,752
  Transported                              14,549     11,908     17,408     21,379     19,658     16,565     29,158     29,639
                                       ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
                                          129,980    119,636    120,527    117,000    116,263    107,630    117,791    113,980
                                       ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========
 Customers at year-end                    504,746    495,129    485,103    470,956    460,549    452,906    445,771    439,063
 Customers served per employee                471        419        352        331        323        321        319          311
 Average cost of gas per Dth purchased $     2.79 $     3.34 $     3.76 $     3.34 $     3.18 $     3.30 $     3.15 $     3.68
 Average annual residential bill       $      686 $      719 $      779 $      712 $      677 $      670 $      758 $      770
 Average per residential customer (Dth)       114        110        116        115        117        113        129        127
 Degree days                                6,836      6,431      6,775      6,683      6,416      6,103      7,382      7,124
 % colder (warmer) than normal              (2.8)      (9.0)      (4.1)      (6.4)     (10.8)     (16.0)        1.5       (2.0)

Manufacturing Operations (2)
 Operating revenues                    $  337,754 $  311,168 $  274,693 $  251,994 $  242,065 $  240,464 $  300,156 $  303,729
 International and export sales
  as a % of total sales                        39         37         34         34         31         27         24         22 
 Net income (3)                        $   11,826 $   14,278 $    9,443 $    4,704 $    5,880 $    3,456 $    8,712 $   10,940
 Capital expenditures                  $   13,389 $   10,425 $    9,653 $    9,748 $   10,640 $    9,551 $   15,131 $   11,147
</TABLE>
(1)  Adjusted for a two-for-one stock split in March 1989.
(2)  Includes continuing operations and discontinued operations up to the
     year disposition was authorized.
(3)  Before effects of 1992 accounting changes. Adjusted for merger with
     Shurflo through (4) 1988 and (5) 1989.
(6)  Includes revenues (in thousands) from discontinued operations from
     1986 to 1989 of $58,209, $58,318, $63,552 and $56,318, respectively.
     Data from 1985 are not available. Note: Hypro operations are
          reflected as of July 19, 1995.<PAGE>
     <PAGE>  35
Selected Financial Data
(Thousands of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1987    1986     1985   
                                      ----------        ----------       ----------
<S>                                   <C>               <C>              <C>       
Consolidated
Operating Data:
 Operating revenues (6)               $  699,418        $  761,104       $  853,175
 Net income from continuing operations$   17,215        $   17,363       $      N/A
 Net income                           $   19,682        $   19,780       $   24,900

Common Stock Data:
 Net income per share
  from continuing operations          $     1.22        $     1.34       $      N/A
 Net income per common share (1)               $     1.39        $     1.53       $     1.98
 Cash dividends per common share(1)            $     1.30        $     1.28       $     1.18
 Book value per common share (1)               $    14.68        $    15.74       $    13.81

Balance Sheet Data:
 Long-term debt                       $  127,833        $  144,495       $  154,159
 Redeemable preferred stock        8,000  14,267   18,200
 Common equity                   207,658 203,477  173,941
                                      ----------        ----------       ----------
  Capitalization at year-end          $  343,491$ 362,239        $  346,300
                                      ==========        ==========       ==========
 Total assets at year-end (2)         $  536,998$ 542,036        $  531,192

Other General Data:
 Market-to-book ratio at year-end (%)117     134      112
 Dividend payout ratio (%)(2)(3)(4)         91.1     79.9     57.0
 Yield at year-end (%)               7.6     6.1      7.6
 Return ave common equity (%)(2)(3)(5)       9.3     10.5     14.6
 PE ratio at year-end (2)(3)        12.4    13.8      7.8
 Price range                          $ 13 3/8 -        $ 14 3/4 -       $    13  -
                                      $   21 7/8        $     23         $   15 3/4
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  36
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1987    1986     1985   
                                      ----------        ----------       ----------
<S>                                   <C>               <C>              <C>                
 Shareholders at year-end         23,010  23,987   26,083
 Cash flow from operations            $   41,237$  63,583$  46,342
 Capital expenditures                 $   34,264$  36,498$  32,381
 Employees at year-end             4,040   3,932    3,641
 Debt/equity ratio at year-end     37/63   40/60    45/55

Energy Operations
 Operating revenues                   $  424,069$ 531,970$ 637,167
 Net income                           $   12,580$  14,338$  17,460
 Capital expenditures                 $   24,344$  28,353$  23,208
 Gas sold and transported (MDth)
  Residential                     39,369  42,837   44,813
  Commercial                      14,510  15,292   16,394
  Industrial firm                 16,106  19,379   22,541
  Industrial interruptible         4,714  22,403   31,675
  Transported                     26,129   5,502    1,716
                                      ----------        ----------       ----------
                                 100,828 105,413  117,139
                                      ==========        ==========       ==========         
 Customers at year-end           432,509 426,481  420,967
 Customers served per employee       288     277      279
 Average cost of gas per Dth purchased$     3.74        $     3.75       $     4.13
 Average annual residential bill               $      660        $      761       $      838
 Average per residential customer (Dth)      108      120      128
 Degree days                       6,185   6,788    7,325
 % colder (warmer) than normal    (14.8)   (7.3)    (0.5)

Manufacturing Operations (2)
 Operating revenues                   $  275,349$ 229,134$ 216,008
 International and export sales
 as a % of total sales                20      16       12
 Net income (3)                       $    7,102$   5,442$   7,440
 Capital expenditures                 $    9,920$   8,145         $   9,173
/TABLE
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF WICOR, INC.
<TEXT>



<PAGE>  1	
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          EXHIBIT 21
                                 WICOR, Inc.
                        Subsidiaries of the Registrant
<S>                               <C>                         <C>
                                     State or Country         Percent Voting
Subsidiaries of WICOR, Inc.       in Which Incorporated        Stock Owned  
- --------------------------        ----------------------      --------------
Wisconsin Gas Company                    Wisconsin                 100%
Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.                Wisconsin                 100%
SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Company       California                100%
Hypro Corporation                        Minnesota                 100%
WEXCO of Delaware, Inc.                  Delaware                  100%
Hydro-Flow Filtration Systems, Inc.      California                 80%
WICOR FSC, Inc.                          Barbados                  100%
WICOR Energy Service Company             Wisconsin                 100%



Subsidiaries of Sta-Rite             State or Country         Percent Voting
     Industries                    in Which Incorporated       Stock Owned  
- ---------------------------       ----------------------      --------------
WICOR Canada Inc.                        Canada                   100% 
Sta-Rite de Mexico                       Mexico                    80% 
Sta-Rite Industries GmbH                 Germany                   .5% 
   Europa 
WICOR Industries 
  (Australia) Pty. Ltd.                  Australia                 100%
Onga (New Zealand) Pty. Ltd.             New Zealand               100%
Sta-Rite Holdings, B.V.                  Netherlands               100%
Nocchi Pompe S.p.A.                      Italy                      47%
Webster Electric Co.                     Delaware                  100%



  Subsidiary of WICOR              Country in Which           Percent Voting
  (Australia) Pty. Ltd.              Incorporated              Stock Owned  
- ----------------------------       ----------------           --------------
Onga Pty. Ltd.                           Australia                 100%
Dega Research  Pty. Ltd.                 Australia                 100%




Subsidiaries of Sta-Rite           Country in Which           Percent Voting
     Holdings, B.V.                   Incorporated             Stock Owned  
- -----------------------------      -----------------          --------------
Sta-Rite Industries                      Germany                   95.5%
  GmbH Europa
Nocchi Pompe S.p.A.                       Italy                      30%


Subsidiary of Nocchi Pompe,         Country in Which          Percent Voting
          S.p.A.                      Incorporated             Stock Owned  
- -----------------------------       ----------------          --------------
Midi Pompes S.a.r.l.                     France                     100%
Nocchi Pompe Moscow                      Russia                      90%


Subsidiary of SHURflo Pump          Country in Which          Percent Voting
   Manufacturing Company              Incorporated              Stock Owned  
- -----------------------------       -----------------         --------------
SHURflo Ltd.                             England                    100%
</TABLE>










</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                            EXHIBIT 23





             CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
             -----------------------------------------



     As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the
incorporation of our reports included in and incorporated by
reference in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed
Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 2-93964, 2-93963,
2-87076, 2-72454, 33-16489, 33-36457, 33-43645, 33-67132,
33-67134 and 33-55755) and Form S-3 (Nos. 33-28289 and 33-
50682).







                                           ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
March 12, 1996<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> UT
<LEGEND>
This schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the WICOR,
Inc. 1995 Form 10-K for the year ended 31, 1995 and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to such financial statements and the related footnotes.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<BOOK-VALUE>                                  PER-BOOK
<TOTAL-NET-UTILITY-PLANT>                      375,516
<OTHER-PROPERTY-AND-INVEST>                     60,524
<TOTAL-CURRENT-ASSETS>                         329,029
<TOTAL-DEFERRED-CHARGES>                       243,445
<OTHER-ASSETS>                                       0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               1,008,514
<COMMON>                                        18,237
<CAPITAL-SURPLUS-PAID-IN>                      219,133
<RETAINED-EARNINGS>                            107,896
<TOTAL-COMMON-STOCKHOLDERS-EQ>                 345,266
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<LONG-TERM-DEBT-NET>                           174,713
<SHORT-TERM-NOTES>                              27,000
<LONG-TERM-NOTES-PAYABLE>                      145,000
<COMMERCIAL-PAPER-OBLIGATIONS>                  60,025
<LONG-TERM-DEBT-CURRENT-PORT>                    6,836
<PREFERRED-STOCK-CURRENT>                            0
<CAPITAL-LEASE-OBLIGATIONS>                      1,271
<LEASES-CURRENT>                                     0
<OTHER-ITEMS-CAPITAL-AND-LIAB>                 394,674
<TOT-CAPITALIZATION-AND-LIAB>                1,008,514
<GROSS-OPERATING-REVENUE>                      860,594
<INCOME-TAX-EXPENSE>                            22,688
<OTHER-OPERATING-EXPENSES>                     781,518
<TOTAL-OPERATING-EXPENSES>                     804,206
<OPERATING-INCOME-LOSS>                         56,388
<OTHER-INCOME-NET>                               2,438
<INCOME-BEFORE-INTEREST-EXPEN>                  58,826
<TOTAL-INTEREST-EXPENSE>                        19,299
<NET-INCOME>                                    39,527
<PREFERRED-STOCK-DIVIDENDS>                          0
<EARNINGS-AVAILABLE-FOR-COMM>                   39,527
<COMMON-STOCK-DIVIDENDS>                        27,454
<TOTAL-INTEREST-ON-BONDS>                        1,000
<CASH-FLOW-OPERATIONS>                          69,918
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.32
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.32
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>WICOR PROXY DATED MARCH 12, 1996
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>  1
                                                         EXHIBIT 99
                     SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
             Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)
                              of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                       (Amendment No. ____)

Filed by the Registrant [X]
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [ ]

Check the appropriate box:

[ ]  Preliminary Proxy Statement        [  ] Confidential, for Use of the
                                             Commission Only (as
                                             permitted by Rule 14a-
                                             6(e)(2))
[X]  Definitive Proxy Statement
[ ]  Definitive Additional Materials
[ ]  Soliciting Material Pursuant to Sec. 240.14a-11(c) or Sec. 240.14a-12

                            WICOR, Inc.
          -----------------------------------------------
         (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

[X]  $125 per Exchange Act Rules 0-11(c)(1)(ii), 14a-6(i)(1), 14a-6(i)(2)
     or Item 22(a)(2) of Schedule 14A.

[ ]  $500 per each party to the controversy pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
     14a-6(i)(3).

[ ]  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-
     11

     1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

     2)  Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

     3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed
     pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the
     filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):

     4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

     5)  Total fee paid:

[ ]  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

[ ]  Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
     Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee
     was paid previously.  Identify the previous filing by registration
     statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

     1)  Amount Previously Paid:

     2)  Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

     3)  Filing Party:

          4)  Date Filed:<PAGE>
<PAGE>  2
                              WICOR
                    626 East Wisconsin Avenue
                          P.O. Box 334
                      Milwaukee, WI  53201 
                                
            NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                    To Be Held April 25, 1996


To the Shareholders of
WICOR, Inc.:

     NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of
WICOR, Inc. will be held Thursday, April 25, 1996, at 2:00 P.M. (local
time), at the Italian Community Center, 631 East Chicago Street, Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for the following purposes:

      1.  To elect three directors to hold office until the 1999 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and
qualified.

      2.  To consider and act upon any other business which may be
properly brought before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof.

     The close of business Tuesday, February 20, 1996, has been fixed as
the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive
notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment thereof.

     A proxy and Proxy Statement are enclosed herewith.

     By Order of the Board of Directors



     Robert A. Nuernberg
     Secretary

March 12, 1996

     YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT.  TO ASSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE MEETING,
PLEASE DATE THE ENCLOSED PROXY, WHICH IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS, SIGN EXACTLY AS YOUR NAME APPEARS, AND RETURN IMMEDIATELY.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  3
                              WICOR
                    626 East Wisconsin Avenue
                          P.O. Box 334
                   Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201
                                
                         PROXY STATEMENT
                               FOR
                 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                    To Be Held April 25, 1996


     This Proxy Statement is being furnished to shareholders by the Board
of Directors of WICOR, Inc. (the "Company") beginning on or about March 12,
1996, in connection with a solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors
of the Company (the "Board") for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders
(the "Annual Meeting") to be held on Thursday, April 25, 1996, at 2:00
P.M.(local time), at the Italian Community Center, 631 East Chicago Street,
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and at all adjournments thereof, for the purposes set
forth in the attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

     Execution of a proxy given in response to this solicitation will not
affect a shareholder's right to attend the Annual Meeting and to vote in
person.  Presence at the Annual Meeting of a shareholder who has signed a
proxy does not in itself revoke a proxy.  Any shareholder giving a proxy may
revoke it at any time before it is exercised by giving notice thereof to the
Company in writing or in open meeting.  Unless so revoked, the shares
represented by proxies received by the Board will be voted at the Annual
Meeting and at any adjournment thereof.  A properly executed proxy will be
voted as directed therein by the shareholder.

     Only holders of record of the Company's Common Stock, $1 par value
("Common Stock"), at the close of business on February 20, 1996, are
entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment thereof.  On
that date, the Company had outstanding and entitled to vote 18,300,133
shares of Common Stock.  The record holder of each outstanding share of
Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share.

     The Company is a holding company.  Its principal subsidiaries include
Wisconsin Gas Company ("Wisconsin Gas"), Sta-Rite Industries, Inc.
("Sta-Rite"),SHURflo Pump Manufacturing Co. ("SHURflo") and Hypro
Corporation ("Hypro").<PAGE>
<PAGE>  4
                ITEM NO. 1:  ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 

     The Board consists of 10 directors.  The Company's By-laws provide
that the directors shall be divided into three classes, with staggered terms
of three years each.  At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will elect three
directors to hold office until the 1999 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.  Directors are
elected by a plurality of the votes cast (assuming a quorum is present at
the Annual Meeting).  Consequently any shares not voted, whether due to
abstentions, broker non-votes or otherwise, have no impact on the election
of directors.  However, abstentions and broker non-votes are counted in
determining whether a quorum is present at the meeting.

     Unless shareholders otherwise specify, the shares represented by the
proxies received will be voted "FOR" the indicated nominees for election as
directors.  The Board has no reason to believe that any of the listed
nominees will be unable or unwilling to continue to serve as a director if
elected.  However, in the event that any nominee should be unable or for
good cause unwilling to serve, the shares represented by proxies received
will be voted for another nominee selected by the Board.

     The following tabulation sets forth information regarding the three
nominees for election as directors and the seven continuing directors. 
Except as otherwise noted, each such person has engaged in the principal
occupation or employment and held the offices shown for more than the past
five years.


          NOMINEES FOR ELECTION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
            For Three-Year Terms Expiring April, 1999

A photograph of each nominee and director continuing in office appears
adjacent to the nominee's/director's name and personal information.


JERE D. McGAFFEY              Mr. McGaffey, 60, is a partner in the
Nominating (Chairman) and     law firm of Foley & Lardner. (1) He has
  Retirement Plans Investment been in practice with that firm since
  Committees                  1961 and has been a partner since 1968.
Director since 1980           Mr. McGaffey is a director of Smith Investment
                              Company.

THOMAS F. SCHRADER            Mr. Schrader, 46, is President and
Director since 1988           Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin
                              Gas and Vice President of the Company. He has
                              been with Wisconsin Gas since 1978 and assumed
                              his current position in 1990.  He was elected
                              Vice President of the Company in 1988. Mr.
                              Schrader is a director of Firstar Trust
                              Company.

STUART W. TISDALE             Mr. Tisdale, 67, is the Retired Chairman
Audit and Nominating          and Chief Executive Officer of the
  Committees                  Company.  He is a director of Marshall & 
Director since 1980           Ilsley Corporation, M&I Marshall & Ilsley
                              Bank, Modine Manufacturing Co. and Twin Disc
                              Inc.

(1)  Foley & Lardner was retained in 1995 by the Company and its
subsidiaries to provide legal services and has been similarly retained in
1996.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  5


      MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE
                    Terms Expiring April, 1997

WILLIE D. DAVIS                    Mr. Davis, 61, is President, Chief 
Audit (Chairman) and Compensation  Executive Officer and a director of
  Committees                       All Pro Broadcasting, Inc., which owns  
Director since 1990                and operates radio stations in Los
                                   Angeles and Milwaukee.  Mr. Davis is a 
                                   director of Alliance Bank, The Dow
                                   Chemical Co., Johnson Controls, Inc.,
                                   Kmart Corp., L.A. Gear Inc., MGM Grand
                                   Inc., Rally's Hamburgers, Inc., Sara Lee
                                   Corporation and Strong Capital
                                   Management, Inc.

GUY A. OSBORN                      Mr. Osborn, 60, is Chairman, Chief
Compensation (Chairman) and        Executive Officer and a director of 
and Retirement Plans Investment    Universal Foods Corporation, an inter- 
Committees                         national manufacturer and marketer of
Director since 1987                value-added food products.  He joined
                                   Universal Foods in 1971 and assumed his
                                   current position in 1990.  He is a
                                   director of Firstar Corporation, Firstar
                                   Bank Milwaukee, N.A., and Fleming
                                   Companies, Inc., and is a Trustee of The
                                   Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance
                                   Company.


WILLIAM B. WINTER                  Mr. Winter, 67, is the Retired Chairman,
Audit and Nominating               Chief Executive Officer and Director of
  Committees                       Bucyrus-Erie Company, a manufacturer of
Directors since 1980               mining machinery, and its parent
                                   corporation B-E Holdings Inc.  He served
                                   as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                   from 1988 until his retirement in 1994.

     
      MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE
                    Terms Expiring April, 1998


WENDELL F. BUECHE                  Mr. Bueche, 65, is the Chairman, Chief
Audit and Compensation             Executive Officer and a director of IMC
  Committees                       Global, Inc., a producer and marketer
Director since 1984                of crop nutrients.  He was named to that
                                   position in 1993.  Mr. Bueche previously
                                   was Chairman, President and Chief
                                   Executive Officer of Allis-Chalmers
                                   Corporation.  Mr. Bueche is a director
                                   of Marshall & Ilsley Bank.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  6

DANIEL F. McKEITHAN, JR.           Mr. McKeithan, 60, is President, Chief  
Compensation and Retirement        Executive Officer and a director of
  Plans Investment (Chairman)      Tamarack Petroleum Company, Inc., an
  Committees                       operator of producing oil and gas wells.
Director since 1989                He is also President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer of Active Investor Management,
                                   Inc., a manager of oil and gas wells;
                                   and SeiTech Development, Inc., an oil
                                   and gas exploration and development
                                   company, which he formed in 1995

GEORGE E. WARDEBERG                Mr. Wardeberg, 60, is President and  
Nominating Committee               Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
Director since 1992                and Chairman of Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite,
                                   SHURflo and Hypro.  He has held these
                                   positions since 1994.  He served in
                                   other executive capacities with the
                                   Company and its subsidiaries from 1989
                                   until he assumed his current position. 
                                   He is a director of M&I Marshall &
                                   Ilsley Bank.

ESSIE M. WHITELAW                  Ms. Whitelaw, 47, is President and
Nominating and Retirement          Chief Operating Officer of Blue
  Plans Investment Committees      Cross & Blue Shield United of
Director since 1992                Wisconsin, a comprehensive health care
                                   insurer.  She has held that position
                                   since 1992.  She served in other
                                   executive capacities with Blue Cross &
                                   Blue Shield United from 1986 until she
                                   assumed her current position.  She is a
                                   director of Universal Foods Corporation.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  7

                      THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

GENERAL --

     The Board held eight meetings in 1995.  Each director attended at
least 75% of the total of such meetings and meetings of any committees on
which such director served.  The Board maintains standing Audit, Nominating
and Compensation Committees.

     The Audit Committee held two meetings in 1995.  The committee's
functions include recommending the selection of the independent auditors
each year; consulting with the independent auditors regarding the scope and
plan of audit, internal controls, fees, non-audit services (including the
possible effect of such services on the independence of the auditors), the
audit report and related matters; reviewing other accounting, internal audit
and financial matters; investigating accounting, auditing or financial
exceptions which may occur; and overseeing the corporate compliance programs
of the Company and its subsidiaries.

     The Nominating Committee held two meetings in 1995.  The committee's
functions include recommending those persons to be nominated by the Board
for election as directors of the Company at the next Annual Meeting of
Shareholders and recommending the person to fill any unexpired term on the
Board which may occur.  The committee will consider nominees recommended by
shareholders, but has no established procedures which must be followed to
make recommendations.

     The Compensation Committee held two meetings in 1995.  The committee's
functions include reviewing and recommending adjustments to the salaries of
the officers of the Company and the presidents of its subsidiaries;
administering the 1981 Stock Option Plan, the 1987 Stock Option Plan, the
1992 Director Stock Option Plan, the 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan and the
other incentive compensation plans of the Company and its subsidiaries; and
reviewing and recommending director compensation.  

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS --

     The Company pays its directors who are not officers of the Company,
Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite, SHURflo or Hypro an annual retainer fee of $10,000,
plus $600 for each meeting they attend of the Board and committees of the
Board on which they serve.  Committee chairmen are paid an additional annual
retainer fee of $1,000.  Committee chairmen receive meeting fees for
meetings with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company in preparation for
regular committee meetings.  Wisconsin Gas pays its directors who are not
officers of the Company, Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite, SHURflo or Hypro an annual
retainer fee of $7,000, plus $600 for each meeting of the Wisconsin Gas
board they attend.  Directors who are also officers of the Company,
Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite, SHURflo or Hypro receive no fees for service as
directors of those companies.  Presently, all directors of the Company are
also directors of Wisconsin Gas.

     Non-employee directors participate in the 1992 Director Stock Option
Plan, pursuant to which options to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock are
automatically granted annually on the fourth Tuesday in February to each
non-employee director.  The exercise price per share for options granted
under the 1992 Director Stock Option Plan is equal to the fair market value
of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant.  On February 28, 1995,
Messrs. Bueche, Davis, McGaffey, McKeithan, Osborn, Tisdale and Winter and
Ms. Whitelaw each received an option to purchase 2,000 shares of Common
Stock at a per-share exercise price of $28.75.  Options granted under the
1992 Director Stock Option Plan are immediately exercisable and have a
ten-year term; provided, however, that no option may be exercised after 24
months have elapsed from the date the optionee ceased being a director.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  8

On February 27, 1996, options to purchase an additional 2,000 shares of
Common Stock were granted to the non-employee directors at a per-share
exercise price of $33.0625.

     The Company and Wisconsin Gas each maintain a deferred compensation
plan for active directors which entitles a director of the respective
corporation to defer directors' fees until the director ceases to be an
active director.  All amounts deferred are unsecured and accrue interest at
the prevailing announced prime interest rate of a major commercial bank.

     The Company and Wisconsin Gas maintain retirement plans for directors
who are not officers of the Company or its subsidiaries, have reached the
age of 65, and have served at least five years as a director of the Company
or Wisconsin Gas.  Retired directors receive essentially the same annual
compensation as active directors receive ($16,000 from the Company and
$11,200 from Wisconsin Gas for 1995).  Retirement benefits are payable for a
period equal to the director's service as a director, up to 10 years, or
until the death of the retired director, whichever occurs earlier.


                 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT

     The following tabulation sets forth the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned, as of February 28, 1996, by each director and
nominee, each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table, and
all directors and executive officers as a group.


                                           Amount and Nature
  Title of            Name of                of Beneficial     Percent of
   Class          Beneficial Owner       Ownership (1)(2)(3)   Class (4)
- ------------  ------------------------   -------------------   ----------

Common Stock  Wendell F. Bueche                 10,362              -
              Willie D. Davis                    8,500              -
              James C. Donnelly                 70,091              -
              Jere D. McGaffey                  11,024              -
              Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr.           9,000              -
              Robert A. Nuernberg               42,676              -
              Guy A. Osborn                     10,000              -
              Thomas F. Schrader               119,199              -
              Stuart W. Tisdale                 86,226 (5)          -
              George E. Wardeberg               63,508              -
              Joseph P. Wenzler                126,721 (6)          -
              Essie M. Whitelaw                  8,000              -
              William B. Winter                 10,588 (7)          -
  
              All directors and exec-
              utive officers as a
              group (13 persons)               575,895              3.2%
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  9

 (1) Each beneficial owner exercises sole voting and investment power with
     respect to the shares shown as owned beneficially, except as noted in
     footnotes (3), (5), (6) and (7).

(2)  Includes the following numbers of shares covered under options
     exercisable as of or within 60 days of February 28, 1996:  Mr.
     Donnelly, 60,150; Mr. Nuernberg, 31,849; Mr. Schrader, 83,424; Mr.
     Wardeberg, 19,500; Mr. Wenzler, 80,250; Messrs Bueche, Davis, McGaffey,
     McKeithan, Osborn and Winter and Ms. Whitelaw, 8,000 each; Mr. Tisdale,
     6,000 and all directors and executive officers as a group, 337,173.

(3)  Includes the following numbers of shares of restricted stock over which
     the holders have sole voting but no investment power:  Mr. Donnelly,
     8,000; Mr. Nuernberg, 1,600; Mr. Schrader, 8,000; Mr. Wardeberg,
     14,000; and Mr. Wenzler, 6,000; and all directors and executive
     officers as a group, 37,600.  The restricted stock vests in three years
     after the grant if the Company's total return to shareholders for the
     three-year period exceeds a pre-established goal.

(4)  Where no percentage figure is set out in this column, the person owns
     less than 1% of the outstanding shares.

(5)  Includes 4,852 shares owned by Mr. Tisdale's spouse.

(6)  Includes 526 shares owned by Mr. Wenzler's spouse.

(7)  Includes 2,588 shares owned by Mr. Winter's spouse.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  10
                          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The following tabulation is a three-year summary of the
compensation awarded or paid to, or earned by, the persons who served as
Company's chief executive officer during 1995 and each of the Company's
four other most highly compensated executive officers whose total cash
compensation exceeded $100,000 in 1995.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

                                                  Annual Compensation           Long Term Compensation Awards
                                          --------------------------------  --------------------------------------
                                                                                           Securities
                                                              Other Annual   Restricted    Underlying    All Other 
                                                              Compensation     Stock        Options/   Compensation
  Name and Principal Position       Year  Salary($) Bonus($)    ($) (1)     Awards($)(2)    SARs(#)       ($)(3)
- ----------------------------------- ----  --------  --------  ------------  ------------  -----------  ------------
<S>                                 <C>   <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>              <C>        <C>
George E. Wardeberg, President      1995  $368,750  $192,455                                 15,000     $  16,250
  and Chief Executive Officer of    1994   327,500   113,200                 $ 185,250       15,000        19,241
  the Company, and Chairman of      1993   272,000   150,000  $  52,459                      18,000        16,257
  Wisconsin Gas, Sta-Rite, SHURflo
  and Hypro(4)
                                
Thomas F. Schrader, Vice President  1995   278,500   176,857                                 10,000        12,640
  of the Company and President and  1994   264,925    65,163                   123,500       10,000        16,112
  Chief Executive Officer of        1993   260,000   142,881                                 10,500        15,192
  Wisconsin Gas                 
                                
James C. Donnelly, Vice President   1995   267,800    28,253                                 10,000        13,185
  of the Company and President      1994   251,633   105,020                   123,500       10,000        15,848
  and Chief Executive Officer of    1993   236,250   110,174                                  7,950        15,203
  Sta-Rite                      
                                
Joseph P. Wenzler, Vice President,  1995   261,850   106,710                                  7,500        11,974
  Treasurer and Chief Financial     1994   252,650    69,800                    92,625        7,500        15,498
  Officer of the Company; Vice      1993   245,300   100,629                                  9,750        15,131
  President and Chief Financial 
  Officer of Wisconsin Gas; and 
  Secretary and Treasurer of 
  SHURflo and Hypro (5)

Robert A. Nuernberg, Secretary      1995   138,000    48,307                                  2,000         6,900
  of the Company; Vice President-   1994   133,000     7,000                    24,700        2,000         9,516
  Corporate Relations and Secretary 1993   131,000    25,000                                  3,000         9,416
  of Wisconsin Gas
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  11
(1)  The aggregate amount of personal benefits provided by the Company and
     its subsidiaries to the other executive officers named in this table in
     any year did not exceed the lesser of $50,000 or 10% of each officer's
     annual salary and bonuses reported in the table for any of the years
     indicated, except Mr. Wardeberg in 1993.

(2)  The amounts in the table reflect the market value on the date of grant
     of restricted stock awarded under the 1994 Long-Term Performance Plan. 
     The number of shares of restricted stock held by the executive officers
     named in the table and the market value of such shares as of December
     31, 1995, were as follows:  Mr. Wardeberg, 6,000 shares, $193,500;
     Messrs. Schrader and Donnelly, 4,000 shares, $129,000; Mr. Wenzler,
     3,000 shares, $96,750; and Mr. Nuernberg, 800 shares, $25,800.  The
     restricted stock vests in 1997 provided the Company's three-year
     (1994-96) total return to shareholders exceeds a pre-established goal. 
     Holders of shares of restricted stock are entitled to receive dividends
     on such shares.

(3)  The amounts shown in this column for 1995 are comprised of the
     following items:  Company contributions to 401(k) and supplemental
     savings plans:  Mr. Wardeberg, $16,250; Mr. Schrader, $12,640; Mr.
     Donnelly, $12,212; Mr. Wenzler, $11,974; and Mr. Nuernberg, $6,900. 
     Above market earnings on deferred compensation: Mr. Donnelly, $973. 

(4)  On February 1, 1994, Mr. Wardeberg was elected President and Chief
     Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of Wisconsin Gas,
     Sta-Rite and SHURflo.      He was elected Chairman of Hypro on July 19,
     1995. 

(5)  Mr. Wenzler was elected Secretary and Treasurer of SHURflo in 1993 and
     of Hypro on July 19, 1995.


                     STOCK OPTION INFORMATION

     The Company has in effect equity plans pursuant to which options to
purchase Common Stock may be granted to key employees (including executive
officers) of the Company and its subsidiaries.  The following tabulation
sets forth information regarding grants of options made by the Company in
1995 to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table.  No
SARs were awarded in 1995.


               OPTION/SAR GRANTS IN 1995 FISCAL YEAR
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                       Individual Grants                        Grant Date Value
                     ---------------------------------------------------------  ----------------
                                        % of Total
                                         Options
                      Number of Sec.    Granted to     Exercise or
                     Under. Opt./SARs    Employees     Base Price   Expiration     Grant Date
       Name           Granted (#)(1)   in Fiscal Year    ($/sh.)       Date     Present Value(2)
- -------------------  ----------------  --------------  -----------  ----------  ----------------
<S>                     <C>                <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>     
George E. Wardeberg     15,000             12.5         $ 28.25      2/21/05       $  51,150
Thomas F. Schrader      10,000              8.3           28.25      2/21/05          34,100
James C. Donnelly       10,000              8.3           28.25      2/21/05          34,100
Joseph P. Wenzler        7,500              6.2           28.25      2/21/05          25,575
Robert A. Nuernberg      2,000              1.7           28.25      2/21/05           6,820

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  12

(1)  The options reflected in the table (which are nonstatutory stock
     options for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code) were granted on
     February 21, 1995 and vest ratably over the three-year period from the
     date of grant.

(2)  Amounts in this column were calculated using the Black-Scholes option
     pricing model.  The model assumes:  (a) an option term of 10 years; (b)
     a risk-free interest rate of 5.75%; (c) volatility (variance of rate of
     return) of 0.1676; (d) an annual discount of 3% over the vesting period
     for the risk of forfeiture; and (e) a dividend yield of 5.7%.  The
     actual value, if any, that an optionee may realize upon exercise will
     depend upon the excess of the price of the Common Stock over the option
     exercise price on the date that the option is exercised.  There is no
     assurance that the value received by the optionee will be at or near
     the value estimated by the Black-Scholes model.

     The following tabulation sets forth information regarding the exercise
of stock options during 1995 and the unexercised options held at December
31, 1995, by each of the executive officers named in the Summary
Compensation Table.


                 AGGREGATED OPTION/SAR EXERCISES
                      IN 1995 FISCAL YEAR,
                  AND FY-END OPTION/SAR VALUES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Numbers of Securities    Value of Unexercised
                                                 Underlying Unexercised       In-the-Money     
                                                     Options/SARs              Options/SARs
                                                     at FY-End (#)             at FY-End ($)
                                                 ----------------------  ----------------------
                       Shares         Value
                     Acquired on     Realized     Exer-       Unexer-     Exer-       Unexer-
       Name          Exercise (#)       ($)        cisable     cisable     cisable     cisable
- -------------------  -------------  -----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                   <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
George E. Wardeberg   2,000          $ 10,875      5,000      31,000       $  8,125   $ 105,875

Thomas F. Schrader    3,000            39,469      77,133     20,167        799,122      68,115

James C. Donnelly         0                 0      51,483     19,317        516,319      63,918

Joseph P. Wenzler     1,300            19,053      72,800     15,750        744,581      54,172

Robert A. Nuernberg   2,000            34,187      32,766      4,334        365,569      15,105

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  13
                                         
                   PENSION AND RETIREMENT PLANS

     The Company and its subsidiaries maintain pension and retirement plans
in which the executive officers and other employees participate.  The
companies also maintain supplemental retirement plans for officers and
certain other employees to reflect certain compensation that is excluded
under the retirement plans and to provide benefits that otherwise would have
been accrued or payable except for the limitations imposed by the Internal
Revenue Code.  

     The following tabulation sets forth the annual retirement benefits
payable under the pension plans, as supplemented, for the indicated levels
of final average earnings with various periods of credited service. 
Benefits reflected in the table are based on an assumed retirement age of
65.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              PENSION PLAN TABLE
                                    Years of Service


Remuneration       10         15        20        25        30
- ---------------  -------   --------  --------  --------  --------
<S>              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
$200,000         $39,004   $ 58,506  $ 78,008  $ 89,259  $ 92,259 

 250,000          48,904     73,356    97,808   111,909   115,659

 300,000          58,804     88,206   117,608   134,559   139,059

 350,000          68,704    103,056   137,408   157,209   162,459

 400,000          78,604    117,906   157,208   179,859   185,859

 450,000          88,504    132,756   177,008   202,509   209,259

</TABLE>


     The compensation covered by the pension plan, as supplemented, for the
named executive officers includes all compensation reported for each
individual as salary and bonus in the Summary Compensation Table.  Messrs.
Wardeberg, Schrader, Donnelly, Wenzler and Nuernberg have 6, 17, 8, 22 and
26 years, respectively, of credited service under the pension plan. 
Pursuant to a supplemental retirement plan, Messrs. Schrader and Nuernberg
will receive a supplemental retirement benefit of $25,000 per year for 15
years beginning at age 65, payable in monthly installments.

     A retired executive officer who is married at the time of retirement
and selects one of the available joint and surviving spouse annuity payment
options will also receive the difference between the monthly benefits
payable under the single life annuity payment option and the 50% joint and
surviving spouse annuity payment option for the lives of the retired officer
and spouse.  Upon the death of the retired officer, the surviving spouse
will receive 50% of the supplemental benefit for life.

     The retirement benefits set out in the above table are based on a
straight life annuity.  The election of other available payment options
would change the retirement benefits shown in the table.  The plan does not
provide for reduction of retirement benefits to offset Social Security or
any other retirement benefits.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  14

   BOARD COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The Company's executive compensation program is administered by the
Compensation Committee of the Board.  The Compensation Committee is
comprised  of four independent, non-employee directors.  Following
Compensation Committee review and approval, matters relating to executive
compensation (other than the grant of stock options and restricted stock)
are submitted to the full Board for approval.  The Compensation Committee
utilizes an independent compensation consultant.  The consultant provides
advice to the Committee on compensation-related issues, including incentive
plan design and competitive compensation data for officer positions.

Compensation Policies --

     Policies are used to set a general direction and as a backdrop against
which specific compensation decisions are made.

     -    Design of executive pay programs is intended to attract and
          retain top talent, motivate and reward performance.

     -    Differences in pay practices and performance measures between the
          Company's primary lines of business are recognized.

     -    Compensation opportunities, by component and in the aggregate,
          are targeted at the median (50th percentile) of competitive
          practice.

     -    Achievement of incentive compensation levels is dependent on
          attainment of performance goals as agreed to by the Board
          annually.  These goals relate to the achievement of the Company's
          operating and financial plan, individual objectives and
          milestones in the Company's longer-term strategic plan.

     -    In business units where an all-employee bonus or profit-sharing
          program exists, a portion of each executive's incentive
          compensation is determined on the same criteria.

     -    The focus on enhancement of shareholder value is accomplished by
          tying a significant portion of total pay to performance of the
          Company's stock.

     In assessing executive performance and pay, the members of the
Compensation Committee consider and weigh in their judgment factors outside
the formal incentive plans.  These factors include operational and financial
measures not specifically incorporated in the incentive plans, and actual
performance in dealing with unanticipated business conditions during the
year.  The Compensation Committee believes such factors should be considered
in addition to the more formalized factors to assess and reward executive
performance properly. 

     Base salary midpoints, annual incentive targets and long-term incentive
grants are set based on a competitive analysis conducted by the independent
compensation consultant.  As indicated above, compensation opportunities, by
component and in the aggregate, are set at or near the 50th percentile of
competitive practice for comparably sized organizations.  Rates for the gas
utility positions are set using survey sources from the utility industry. 
There is substantial overlap between the companies in these surveys and the
companies used in the peer company index in the Performance Graph.  Rates
for the nonutility positions are set using survey sources from general
industry; there is no overlap with the Performance Graph peer companies
here.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  15
Components of Compensation --

     Base salary.  The Compensation Committee targets salary range midpoints
as indicated above.  Individual salaries range above and below the midpoint
based upon an individual's past and current performance, and expectations
for future performance.  The factors considered in this review are job
specific and vary depending on the individual's position.  There is no
specific weighting given to these factors.

     Annual incentive plan. The Company's annual incentive compensation plan
tailors each officer's incentive potential to that officer's Company and
subsidiary responsibilities.  The plan sets incentive targets ranging from
20% to 50% of base salary.  The plan is designed to compensate the officers
primarily on a formula basis. For the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, the formula bases 75% of the targeted award on the
Company's earnings per share (EPS) and 25% on individual performance
objectives.  For Company Vice Presidents, who are also the subsidiary
presidents, the formula bases 25% of the targeted award on the Company's
earnings per share, 25% on individual performance objectives, and 50% on
subsidiary performance objectives.  Subsidiary performance objectives for
Wisconsin Gas include financial, customer service and safety objectives
(weighted at 67% of this component) and financial objectives (weighted at
33%).  Performance objectives for Sta-Rite include net earnings (weighted at
67% of this component) and return on assets (weighted at 33%).  Individual
performance objectives vary among the officers, but may include such things
as cost management, product development, sales growth, personnel management
and development, and management of specific projects.  The Compensation
Committee exercises its judgment on a case-by-case basis in determining the
weight to be accorded any individual performance objective.

     Long-term incentive plan.  The Company's long-term incentive
compensation plan provides for annual awards of stock options and biennial
awards of performance-based restricted stock.  The plan splits an officer's
long-term incentive opportunity equally (based on value) between stock
options and performance-based restricted stock. The independent compensation
consultant provides the Compensation Committee with a long-term incentive
grant schedule that approximates a market median grant opportunity.  The
Compensation Committee reserves the right to adjust this schedule upward or
downward based on Company performance; however, it is the Compensation
Committee's intention that in most cases grants will be provided at targeted
levels.

     Stock options may be incentive stock options or nonstatutory options
which have a term of not more than ten years and have an exercise price
equal to the fair market value on the date of grant.  The Compensation
Committee determines the manner and conditions under which the options
become exercisable.  The number of options granted is based on the
participant's office or position, with an equal number of shares generally
being granted to individuals holding the same or similar positions, such as
vice president of an operating subsidiary.  Performance-based restricted
stock will vest three years from the year of grant provided the Company's
three-year total return to shareholders equals or exceeds pre-established
goals relative to the Performance Graph peer group (the PaineWebber Gas
Distribution Utility Index).  For other subsidiary officers who participate
in the plan, the restricted stock will vest in three-years provided the
appropriate subsidiary's three-year financial performance (three-year
cumulative earnings for Wisconsin Gas and return on assets for Sta-Rite)
equals or exceeds the pre-established goal.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  16

Compensation of Officers --

     The Compensation Committee sets base salaries of officers within the
established ranges. The Compensation Committee considers specified financial
measures tailored to the Company and each subsidiary, each officer's
contribution to achieving corporate goals, and such officer's achievement of
personal performance objectives.  Examples of financial measures are net
income earned relative to budget, return on total assets, return on sales,
and rate of return earned versus allowed.  The Compensation Committee weighs
the financial measures differently for each officer, in recognition that the
Company's principal subsidiaries operate in different industries with
different compensation practices and that the officers' responsibilities
differ.  For example, the rate of return earned versus that nominally
allowed by state regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the gas
utility subsidiary is applicable only to officers of the utility company,
whereas return on total assets and return on sales are applicable primarily
to officers of the manufacturing subsidiaries.  Examples of personal
performance objectives considered by the Compensation Committee are set out
above in the discussion of the Annual Incentive Plan.  The Compensation
Committee exercises its judgment in determining the relative weight to be
accorded each personal objective.

     As stated above, each officer's annual incentive award, if any, is
based on a formula, although the Compensation Committee exercises its
judgment in determining the weights to be accorded the achievement of
personal objectives.  Long-term incentive awards (stock options and
restricted stock) are also formula-based, with individual awards being set
relative to the officer's position.  The specific number of stock options
awarded is based on the number of options to be awarded to all key employees
of the Company and its subsidiaries and the number of options previously
granted and outstanding, as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
Options granted in 1995 were nonstatutory, have a term of ten years, and
first become exercisable one-third each year on the first, second and third
anniversary of the grant.   No restricted stock grants were made in 1995.

Compensation of the Chief Executive Officer --

     For 1995, the Compensation Committee increased the base salary of
George E. Wardeberg, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, by $25,000 or
7.1% effective April 1, 1995.  The increase reflects his overall
performance, as demonstrated by the increase in the Company's total return
to shareholders in 1995 compared to the peer group which is shown in the
graph in the Performance Presentation section below, and his position in the
salary range.  The increase sets Mr. Wardeberg's salary in the first
quartile of the range targeted by the Compensation Committee.

     The Compensation Committee awarded Mr. Wardeberg 15,000 nonstatutory
stock options in 1995.  The number of options awarded was at the targeted
number established in the long-term incentive compensation plan.

     The annual incentive award to Mr. Wardeberg for 1995 was $192,455, or
52% of his salary as compared to a target of 50% of salary.  This award
reflects Mr. Wardeberg's significant contributions to the Company during
1995.  The Company's financial objectives were met with net earnings and
earnings per share increasing 19% and 17%, respectively.  WICOR also
outperformed both its industry peers and the S&P 500 Stock Index over the
last five years as shown in the accompanying Total Return Comparison
performance graph.  In addition, Mr. Wardeberg accomplished his personal
objectives in the areas of growth, human resources and preserving the
Company's financial strength.  The Compensation Committee exercised its
judgment in determining the weights accorded to his accomplishment of these
personal objectives.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  17

Compliance with Tax Regulations --

     The Company has considered the implications of the Section 162(m) tax
rules regarding deductibility of annual executive compensation over $1
million.  The cash compensation levels for Company officers fall well below
this level and, hence, no specific changes are proposed to the cash
compensation program.  However, it is important to note that most of the
components of compensation described above are consistent with the tax rules
regarding performance-based compensation incentives.

     The Compensation Committee did, however, seek qualification of the
stock components of the program as "performance-based compensation" plans
pursuant to these tax rules.  To that end, proposals were included in the
1994 Proxy Statement establishing a per-person limitation for stock option
and restricted stock awards.  The proposals were approved by the
shareholders.

                 Guy A. Osborn, Chairman
                 Wendell F. Bueche
                 Willie D. Davis
                 Daniel F. McKeithan, Jr.
                 Members of the Compensation Committee



                     PERFORMANCE PRESENTATION

     The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the
Company's cumulative total shareholder return (dividends declared plus share
appreciation) to the S&P 500 Stock Index and the PaineWebber Gas
Distribution Utility Index, comprised of 35 U.S. natural gas distribution
utilities.  The information presented assumes that all dividends were
reinvested.

     [Performance graph will appear here.]


                     TOTAL RETURN COMPARISON *
               Value of $100 Invested Year-End 1990

           1990   1991      1992      1993      1994      1995
          ------ ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
WICOR     $ 100  $ 132     $ 157     $ 191     $ 182     $ 218

S&P 500   $ 100  $ 130     $ 140     $ 155     $ 156     $ 215

Industry  $ 100  $ 114     $ 135     $ 153     $ 134     $ 173
   **

*  Includes reinvested dividends

** Paine Webber Gas Distribution Utility Index

     

                       SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Proposals which shareholders of the Company intend to present at the
1996 Annual Meeting of Shareholders must be received by the Company by the
close of business on November 14, 1996.<PAGE>
<PAGE>  18

                           OTHER MATTERS

     Arthur Andersen LLP was retained as the Company's independent auditors
for the year ended December 31, 1995 and, upon the recommendation of the
Audit Committee, the Board has reappointed Arthur Andersen as independent
public accountants for the Company for the year ending December 31, 1996.  A
representative of Arthur Andersen is expected to be present at the Annual
Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if such representative
desires to do so, and it is expected that such representative will be
available to respond to appropriate questions.

     The Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
before March 30, 1996, an annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1995.  The Company will provide without charge a copy of
this Form 10-K (including financial statements and financial statement
schedules, but not including exhibits thereto) to each person who is a
record or beneficial holder of shares of Common Stock as of the record date
for the Annual Meeting and who submits a written request for it.  A request
for a Form 10-K should be addressed to Robert A. Nuernberg, Secretary,
WICOR, Inc., P.O. Box 334, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201.

     Management does not intend to present to the Annual Meeting any matters
other than the matters described in this Proxy Statement.  Management knows
of no other matters to be brought before the Annual Meeting.  However, if
any other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, it is the
intention of the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy to vote thereon
in accordance with their best judgment.

     The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by the Company.  The
Company expects to solicit proxies primarily by mail.  Proxies may also be
solicited personally and by telephone by certain officers of the Company and
regular employees of its subsidiaries.  The Company may reimburse brokers
and other nominees for their expenses in communicating with the persons for
whom they hold Common Stock.

          By Order of the Board of Directors


          Robert A. Nuernberg
              Secretary
          March 12, 1996<PAGE>
<PAGE>  19
                            APPENDIX I
                               WICOR
                       VOTING AUTHORIZATION
                                                   [X] Please mark your
                                                      votes as this  
                                                     WICOR
                                             VOTING AUTHORIZATION
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all nominees in Item 1.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.  Election of the following nominees as directors for three-year terms:
     Jere D. McGaffey, Thomas F. Schrader and Stuart W. Tisdale

    FOR all nominees         WITHHOLD                            
    (except as marked        AUTHORITY                        
    to the contrary)     to vote for all nominees
         / /                    /  / 
    (Instruction: To withhold authority to vote 
     for any nominee write the name below)

    -------------------------------------------
    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Please check this box if
    .                                         .  you plan to attend the
    .                                         .  annual meeting
    .                                         .         / /
    .                                         .
    .                                         .  This Voting Authoriza-
    .                                         .  tion is Solicited by the
    .                                         .  Board of Directors
    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Signature(s) _________________________________    Date ________________

NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon.  Joint owners should each sign. 
When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian,
please give full title as such.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
                                        FOLD AND DETACH HERE
March 12, 1996

Dear WICOR Shareholder:

Enclosed is a notice of WICOR's annual shareholders meeting, coming up
April 25, 1996, in Milwaukee.  Also enclosed is a proxy statement and voting
authorization card.  You have already received a copy of the 1995 WICOR
annual report.

It's important that you fill out and return the authorization card as soon
as possible.  It entitles you, as an owner of WICOR common stock through our
company's savings plan, to vote your interest at the annual meeting.

Filing out the card directs the Trustee of your shares held
in the savings plan as of February 20, 1996, to vote them on your behalf. 
You must return your marked and signed card in order to have the Trustee
vote your shares.

The WICOR Board of Directors urges you to exercise this right to vote.  To
make sure your vote counts, and to prevent the expense of WICOR sending
further reminder notices, please mark and sign your voting authorization
card now and return it to the Trustee in the enclosed envelope.

Thank you,

Sincerely,
George E. Wardeberg
President and Chief Executive Officer<PAGE>
<PAGE>  20

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT.  TO ASSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE WICOR
SHAREHOLDERS ANNUAL MEETING, MARK YOUR VOTES ON THE ENCLOSED VOTING
AUTHORIZATION CARD, DATE IT, SIGN IT EXACTLY AS YOUR NAME APPEARS AND RETURN
IT TODAY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.


         ---  (BACKSIDE OF VOTER AUTHORIZATION FORM)  ---

                              WICOR
                                
                      VOTING AUTHORIZATION


The undersigned acknowledges receipt of the WICOR, Inc. Annual Report for
1995 and the proxy solicitation material relative to the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders of WICOR, Inc. to be held April 25, 1996.  As to my interest in
the Common Stock of WICOR, Inc. held by Marshall and Ilsley Trust Company,
the Trustee under the Wisconsin Gas Company Non-Union Employees' Savings
Plan, Wisconsin Gas Company Local 6-18 Savings Plan, Wisconsin Gas Company
Local No. 1 Savings Plan and the Sta-Rite Industries' Incentive Savings
Plan, I hereby instruct the Trustee to vote as indicated on the reverse
side.



The shares represented by this authorization will be voted as directed by
the undersigned.  If no direction is given when the duly executed
authorization is returned, the Trustee cannot vote such shares.



THIS VOTING AUTHORIZATION IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR USE AT
THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF WICOR, INC., APRIL 25, 1996.

                                    (continued on the reverse side)
<PAGE>
<PAGE>  21
                            APPENDIX II
                                                  /X/  Please mark your
                                                       votes as this 
                               WICOR
                               PROXY
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all nominees in Item 1.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Election of the following nominees as directors for three-year terms:
   Jere D. McGaffey, Thomas F. Schrader and Stuart W. Tisdale

   FOR all nominees           WITHHOLD                                  
   (except as marked          AUTHORITY                              
    to the contrary)   to vote for all nominees
         / /                     / /

    (Instruction: To withhold authority to vote for 
     any nominee write the name below)
    -----------------------------------------------
                                               Please check this box
                                               if you plan to attend
                                               the annual meeting
                                                       [  ]
                                               This Proxy is Solicited
                                               by the Board of Directors
Signature(s) ____________________________________    Date __________________
NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon.  Joint owners should each sign. 
When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian,
please give full title as such.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
                       FOLD AND DETACH HERE
March 13, 1996

Dear WICOR Shareholder:

We're pleased to send you the enclosed 1995 annual report and proxy
materials.  I hope you'll find the annual report interesting and
informative, and that you'll exercise your  right to vote at the annual
meeting by returning your proxy card promptly.

I'd also like to invite you to attend WICOR's Annual Meeting of Shareholders
on Thursday, April 25, 1996.  This year's meeting will be held at the
Italian Community Center, 631 East Chicago Street, Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
beginning at 2:00 p.m. (Central Time).  A map with directions to the center
is on the reverse side of this letter.  Free parking is available in a lot
on the south side of the building.

At the meeting, we will elect directors, discuss 1995 performance and talk
about the future.  As an investor in WICOR, you have a right and a
responsibility to vote on issues affecting your company.  Regardless of
whether you plan to attend the annual meeting, please mark the appropriate
boxes on the proxy form, and then date, sign and promptly return the form in
the enclosed, postage-paid envelope.  If you sign and return the proxy form
without specifying your choices, your shares will be voted according to the
recommendations of your board of directors. 

If you plan to attend the annual meeting, please check the appropriate box
on the proxy card.  We welcome your comments and suggestions, and we will
provide time during the meeting for questions from shareholders.  I hope to
see you on April 25.

Sincerely,

George E. Wardeberg
President and Chief Executive Officer<PAGE>
<PAGE>  22

                               WICOR

                     COMMON SHAREHOLDER PROXY

The undersigned hereby appoints George E. Wardeberg and Joseph P. Wenzler,
and each of them, as proxy with the power of substitution (to act by a
majority present or if only one acts then by that one) to vote for the
undersigned as indicated on the reverse side and in their discretion on such
other matters as may properly be considered at the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders of WICOR, Inc. to be held Thursday, April 25, 1996, at 2:00
P.M., at the Italian Community Center, 631 E. Chicago Street, Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, and at any adjournments thereof.

The shares represented by this proxy will be voted as directed by the
shareholder.  If no direction is given when the duly executed proxy is
returned, such shares will be voted "FOR" all nominees in Item 1 and in the
discretion of the proxies on any other items of business as may properly
arise at the meeting.

Please mark, date and sign on the reverse side exactly as name appears and
return in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.  If shares are held jointly,
each shareholder named should sign.  If signing as attorney, administrator,
executor, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such.  If a
corporation, please sign in full corporate name by duly authorized officer.



THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR USE AT THE ANNUAL
MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF WICOR, INC., APRIL 25, 1996.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
                       FOLD AND DETACH HERE



           Map of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin, showing
           location of annual meeting and the routes to
             take from Chicago, Green Bay and Madison.
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
