-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CzBxYzhj3QQ3m7EvJNMyQpAgNHe+0PSYeuoZlE1INc/bBsoy9etQgG77t+SJRTNt
 EP+rDlTQ+mJUiyXHR7pAeQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000100493-95-000026.txt : 19951204
<SEC-HEADER>0000100493-95-000026.hdr.sgml : 19951204
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100493-95-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950930
FILED AS OF DATE:		19951201
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TYSON FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				710225165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-03400
		FILM NUMBER:		95598680

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2210 W OAKLAWN DR
		CITY:			SPRINGDALE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72764
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5012904000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2020
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 2020
		CITY:			SPRINGDALE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72765-2020
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1995 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
















































<PAGE>
                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C. 20549
                                     
                                 FORM 10-K
                                     
[X]  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934
     For the fiscal year ended September 30, 1995

[ ]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934
     For the transition period from ________________ to ________________

     Commission File No. 0-3400

                             TYSON FOODS, INC.
          (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

            Delaware                                71-0225165
(State or other jurisdiction of       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

2210 West Oaklawn Drive, Springdale, Arkansas      72762-6999
(Address of principal executive offices)           (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (501) 290-4000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
     Not Applicable

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                   Class A Common Stock, Par Value $.10
                             (Title of Class)


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]

On September 30, 1995, the aggregate market value of the Class A
Common and Class B Common voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant was $1,862,645,029 and $1,487,478 respectively.

On September 30, 1995, there were outstanding 76,335,669 shares of the
registrants Class A Common Stock, $.10 par value, and 68,454,388 shares of
its Class B Common Stock, $.10 par value.


                            Page 1 of 64 Pages
             The Exhibit Index appears on pages 19 through 24

<PAGE>
                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The following documents or the indicated portions thereof are incorporated
herein by reference into the indicated portions of the Form 10-K: (i) pages
20-43 of registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year ended
September 30, 1995 (the "Annual Report") which are filed as Exhibit 13 to
this Form 10-K and (ii) the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the
registrant's Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held January 12, 1996
(the "Proxy Statement").


                                  PART I

     Item 1.  Business


          Pages 23-25, 27 and 31 of registrant's Annual Report under the
     caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis."


                                  PART II


     Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                 Stockholder Matters

          Page 33 and 41 of the Annual Report under the caption
     "Capital Stock" and "Price of Company's Common Stock."


     Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

          Pages 20-21 of the Annual Report under the caption "Eleven-Year
     Financial Summary."


     Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
              and Results of Operations

          Pages 23-25, 27 and 31 of the Annual Report under the caption
    "Management's Discussion and Analysis."


     Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

          Pages 22, 26, 28-30, 32-41 and 43 of the Annual Report under the
     captions "Consolidated Statements of Operations," "Consolidated
     Balance Sheets," "Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity,"
     "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows," "Notes to Consolidated
     Financial Statements," and "Report of Independent Auditors."








                                     2
<PAGE>
                                 Part III

     Item 10.  Directors and Executive officers of the Registrant

          The information set forth under the caption "Election of
     Directors" and "Compliance with Section 16 (a) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934" in the Proxy Statement.


     Item 11.  Executive Compensation

          The information set forth under the caption "Executive
     Compensation and Other Information" in the Proxy Statement.


     Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
               Management

          The information set forth under the captions "Principal
     Shareholders" and "Security Ownership of Management" in the
     Proxy Statement.


     Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

          The information set forth under the caption "Certain
     Transactions" in the Proxy Statement.































                                     3
<PAGE>
                                  PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

General

     Tyson Foods, Inc. and its various subsidiaries (collectively, the
"Company") produce, market and distribute a variety of food products
consisting of value-enhanced poultry; fresh and frozen poultry; value-
enhanced beef and pork products; fresh and frozen pork products; value-
enhanced seafood products; fresh and frozen seafood products; and flour and
corn tortillas, chips and other Mexican food-based products. Additionally,
the Company has live swine, animal feed and pet food operations. The
Company's integrated operations consists of breeding and rearing chickens
and hogs, harvesting seafood, as well as the processing, further processing
and marketing of these food products. The Company's products are marketed
and sold to national and regional grocery chains, regional grocery
wholesalers, clubs and warehouse stores, military commissaries, industrial
food processing companies, national and regional chain restaurants or their
distributors, international export companies and domestic distributors who
service restaurants, foodservice operations such as plant and school
cafeterias, convenience stores, hospitals and other vendors. Sales are made
by the Company's sales staffs located in Springdale, Arkansas, in regions
throughout the United States and in several foreign countries.
Additionally, sales to the military and a portion of sales to international
markets are made through independent brokers and trading companies. The
Company conducts the major portion of its business activities on a
vertically integrated basis and considers its business to be one industry
segment, that of "food products." The Company commenced business in 1935,
was incorporated in Arkansas in 1947, and was reincorporated in Delaware in
1986.

Description

     Originally, the Company was a producer and distributor of fresh
chicken. The Company developed a strategy to insulate itself from the
commodity nature of the fresh chicken business through value-enhancement.
As the industry leader in value-enhanced poultry products, the Company
utilizes national and regional advertising, special promotions and brand
identification, and meets the varying demands of its customers through
capital expenditures and strategic acquisitions. With further-processed
poultry products, grain costs as a percentage of total product costs are
reduced because of the value added to the products by cutting, deboning,
cooking, packaging or freezing the poultry. As a result, although
fluctuations in grain prices impact the Company's operations, management
believes the Company's profitability is more dependent upon product
quality, marketing and service than on grain and broiler prices.

     The Company's integrated poultry processes include genetic research,
breeding, hatching, rearing, ingredient procurement, feed milling,
veterinary and other technical services, and related transportation and
delivery services. The Company contracts with independent growers to
maintain the Company's flocks of breeder chicks which, when grown, lay the
eggs which the Company transfers to its hatcheries and hatch into broiler
chicks. Newly hatched broiler chicks are vaccinated and are then delivered
to independent contract growers who care for and feed the broiler chicks
until they reach processing weight, usually from the end of the fourth to
the eighth week. During the broiler growout period, the Company provides

                                     4
<PAGE>
growers with feed, vitamins and medication for the broilers, if needed, as
well as supervisory and technical services. The broilers are then
transported by the Company to its nearby processing plants. The Company
processed approximately 4.4 billion pounds of consumer poultry during
fiscal 1995.

     The Company's farrow to finish swine operations, which include genetic
and nutritional research, breeding, farrowing and feeder pig finishing and
the marketing of live swine to regional and national packers, are conducted
in Arkansas, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Missouri and Alabama. The Company
sold approximately 987 thousand head of market weight live swine in fiscal
1995. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995, the Company exchanged its pork
processing facility as part of the consideration for additional broiler
operations from Cargill, Incorporated. The Company processed approximately
478 million pounds of consumer beef and pork during fiscal 1995.

     The Company's by-products operations convert inedible poultry by-
products into high-grade pet food and animal feed.

     The Company is the leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor of
branded surimi-based seafood offerings including analog crabmeat, lobster,
shrimp and scallops. Additionally, the Company's seafood operations consist
of the largest catching and at-sea processing fleet in the North Pacific.
These vessels harvest a wide range of species of bottomfish and shellfish
year-round off the coasts of Alaska, Washington and Oregon. The catch is
either processed at sea or in shore-based processing facilities into a
variety of product forms. The Company's long-term strategy for seafood
products continues to be a plan of using its marketing and distribution
channels to expand sales opportunities while using its research and
development resources to create additional value-enhanced seafood products.




























                                     5
<PAGE>
Sources of Revenue

     The principal revenue sources of the Company included value-enhanced
poultry products, fresh and frozen poultry products, value-enhanced beef
and pork products, Mexican food-based products, frozen dinner products,
seafood products, live swine and related operations, animal foods, by-
products, and other miscellaneous products. The following table sets forth
the relative sources of the Company's revenues for the last three fiscal
years.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      For Fiscal Year Ended
                                      ---------------------
                                        1995   1994   1993
                                        ----   ----   ----
<S>                               <C>  <C>    <C>    <C>
Consumer poultry products:
  Value-enhanced poultry            (1)  64%    65%    67%
  Basic poultry                     (2)  11     10      8
                                        ---    ---    ---
Total consumer poultry                   75     75     75
Beef and pork                       (3)   9     11     10
Mexican food-based products
  and other prepared foods          (4)   7      5      5
Seafood                                   5      5      5
Animal foods, by-products,
  live swine and other                    4      4      5
                                        ---    ---    ---
Total                                   100%   100%   100%
<FN>
(1)  Includes products such as chicken patties and nuggets, pre-cooked
     chicken, individually-quick-frozen chicken segments, pre-packaged and
     pre-priced poultry, cornish game hens and other poultry products
     to which certain processes are added to enhance its value to the
     Company's customers.

(2)  Includes fresh and frozen poultry products sold without value
     enhancements.  The increase in this category for fiscal 1995 and 1994
     results from the acquisition of a controlling interest in Trasgo, S.A.
     de C.V. (Trasgo) in April 1994. Trasgo currently does not have a
     significant amount of value-enhanced products.

(3)  Includes value-enhanced beef and pork products such as portion
     controlled steaks, chops and roasts, ground beef, chicken-fried
     steaks, meatloaf, hams, bacon and sausages.

(4)  Includes flour and corn tortillas, corn chips, taco shells and filled
     tortilla specialty items; premium frozen dinners and other specialty
     items.
</FN>
</TABLE>
Marketing and Distribution

     The Company seeks to develop and increase the demand for and market
share of a product or product line through concentrated national and local
advertising and other promotional efforts stressing product quality, brand
identification and meeting specific customer requirements. The Company's

                                     6
<PAGE>
principal marketing strategy is to identify target markets for value-
enhanced food products consisting primarily of poultry, beef, pork, Mexican
food-based and seafood. The Company concentrates production, sales and
marketing efforts in order to appeal to and enhance the demand from those
markets. The Company utilizes its national distribution system and customer
support services to achieve a dominant market position for its products.
The Company identifies distinct markets through trade and consumer
research.

     The Company's nationwide distribution system utilizes a network of
food distributors which is supported by cold storage warehouses owned or
leased by the Company, by public cold storage facilities and by the
Company's transportation system. The Company ships products from two
Company-owned major frozen food distribution centers having a storage
capacity of approximately 58 million pounds, from a network of public cold
storages, from other owned or leased facilities or directly from plants.
The Company has a total frozen storage capacity in excess of 120 million
pounds, excluding public or outside cold storage. The Company's
distribution centers facilitate accumulating frozen products so that the
Company can fill and consolidate less-than-truckload orders into full
truckloads, thereby decreasing shipping costs while increasing customer
service. In addition, customers are provided with a selection of products
that do not require large volume orders. The Company's distribution system
enables it to supply large or small quantities of products to meet customer
requirements anywhere in the continental United States.

     The Company's food products are sold primarily in three broad domestic
markets consisting of foodservice, retail and wholesale clubs. The
foodservice, retail and wholesale club markets may, in some cases, overlap.
The Company's food products are also sold internationally.

     In the foodservice market, the Company sells poultry, beef, pork,
seafood and tortilla products. Operators serving these products include
full service restaurants, fast-food restaurants, hotels/motels,
retail/recreation, healthcare, schools/colleges, business and industry and
other foodservice accounts. The Company's products are sold through
foodservice and specialty distributors who deliver to the above listed
operators.

     Foodservice products are sold under the following brands and
registered trademarks: Tyson, Holly Farms, Weaver, Tastybird Tastybasted,
Honey Stung, Tyson's Pride, HoneyBest, Wing Stingers, W.W. Flyers,
Signature Specialties, Flavor-Redi, Mexican Original, Tyson beef, Quick-to-
Fix, Tyson pork, Louis Kemp, Arctic Ice, Enterprise, Crab Delights, Lobster
Delights, Ocean Master and Sure Salad.

     Foodservice products include: (a) poultry items such as individually-
quick-frozen segments (IQF), ready-to-cook and fully-cooked fried chicken,
fully-cooked breaded and glazed wings, cooked and ready-to-cook breaded and
unbreaded tenderloins, breaded and unbreaded patties and chunks (cooked and
ready-to-cook), oven roasted chicken, stuffed breast specialties, split
broilers, Cornish hens, commodity breast, flavor marinated breasts, fully-
cooked diced chicken products and breaded breast and thigh pieces and
strips; (b) beef items such as country-fried steaks, portion-controlled
steaks, prime rib and roasts, charbroiled beef patties, ground beef, and
beef specialties such as meatballs, Salisbury steaks and meatloaf; (c) pork
items such as hams, ham loaf and ham patties, sausages including polish,

                                     7
<PAGE>
knockwurst and bratwurst, frankfurters, bulk and pre-sliced deli-meats,
fully-cooked pork specialties including rib and loin products, pork chops,
pork roasts and pork ribs; (d) tortilla items such as flour and corn
tortillas and chips; and (e) seafood items such as surimi, snow crab, king
crab, pollock, cod and several species of flatfish.

     In the retail market the Company sells a wide variety of food products
to customers that sell food products for at-home consumption.  These
customers include grocery store chains, independent grocery stores and
grocery wholesalers.

     Tyson, Weaver, Healthy Portion, Tyson Holly Farms, Mexican Original,
Louis Kemp, Crab Delights, Lobster Delights, JAC Creative Foods, Captain
JAC and Seafest are registered trademarks under which the Company sells
retail products.

     Retail products include: (a) frozen prepared foods consisting of
separate lines of Tyson breaded chicken patties, chunks, fillets and
tenders; Weaver breaded chicken tenders, nuggets, patties and fillets;
Tyson premium plated dinners; Tyson flavored chicken wings; Tyson complete
meal kits; Tyson premium pot pies; Tyson Healthy Portion meals; Tyson
individually-quick-frozen chicken parts and breaded chicken patties and
chunks; Weaver fried chicken; and Tyson pork rib and beef rib patties;(b)
refrigerated prepared foods consisting of separate lines of Tyson Holly
Farms roasted and rotisserie ready-to-eat chicken; Tyson and Weaver sliced
lunch meat; Tyson, Weaver and Holly Farms hot dogs; Tyson and Weaver deli
meats; Mexican Original tortillas, chips, and taco shells; and Tyson ham
and specialty meats;(c) refrigerated Tyson Holly Farms chill pack poultry;
(d) frozen and refrigerated Tyson Cornish game hens; and (e) seafood
products which are marketed under the Louis Kemp brand of Crab Delights and
Lobster Delights, as well as the JAC Creative Foods brands of Captain JAC
and Seafest.

     In the wholesale club market the Company designs and markets a variety
of products targeted to small foodservice operators and large families who
frequent club stores. These products are aimed at both foodservice
operators who buy in small quantities and want to cut costs of storage and
final distribution, as well as retail consumers willing to buy larger than
normal quantities to realize cost savings. The Company sells several
categories of products including: IQF chicken, fresh chicken, refrigerated
roasted ready-to-eat chicken, frozen value-added chicken and canned
chicken; frozen value-added beef and pork products; surimi, frozen pollock,
cod and crab legs.

     The Company's international division markets and sells the full line
of Tyson products, including poultry, beef, pork, Mexican food-based
products and seafood, throughout the world. The international division
exported to 43 countries in fiscal 1995. Major markets include Japan,
Russia, Hong Kong, Singapore and China. The Company also exported to
Canada, Mexico, certain Middle Eastern countries, and many countries in the
Caribbean.

     The Company continues to feel that China has tremendous potential in
terms of developing fully-integrated poultry facilities.  Several existing
Chinese operations are currently being researched to determine feasibility.
Meanwhile, the Company's existing operation in Mexico has grown under the
economically difficult period caused by the sudden devaluation of the peso.

                                     8
<PAGE>
The Company has also entered into a joint venture in Russia to open an
office in Moscow allowing the Company to develop more direct contact with
its customers.  Cobb-Vantress, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary, has entered
into a joint venture agreement with a Hong Kong company to build a 180
thousand capacity breeder farm in China. The Company also has a seafood
processing joint venture in Shanghai, China. This joint venture is engaged
in value-added processing of seafood items.

     A new venture has been undertaken in 1995 with the creation of a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company's International Division called
"World Resource, Inc.".  This venture is a trading company which will
handle the acquisition, certification and transporting of primarily
agricultural goods worldwide.

Raw Materials and Sources of Supply

     The primary raw materials used by the Company in its poultry
operations consists of feed ingredients, cooking ingredients, packaging
materials and cryogenic agents. The Company believes that its sources of
supply for these materials are adequate for its present needs and the
Company does not anticipate any difficulty in acquiring these materials in
the future. While the Company produces substantially all of its inventory
of breeder chickens, live broilers and swine, it has the capability to
purchase live, ice-packed or deboned poultry to meet poultry production
requirements. Raw materials for the Company's beef and pork operations are
purchased through the open market.

     In addition, raw material requirements for the Company's seafood
operations are met by either purchasing in the open market or by the
Company's vessels harvesting a wide range of species of bottomfish and
shellfish year-round off the coasts of Alaska, Washington and Oregon.  A
large supply of bottomfish, one of the principal groups of fish harvested
for human consumption, is found in the 200-mile U.S. exclusive economic
zone off the coast of Alaska. This area also provides a significant
quantity of crab for commercial harvesting; however, crab quotas have been
severly limited in recent years.  Following passage of the Magnuson Fishery
Conservation and Management Act of 1976 (the "Magnuson Act"), the United
States extended control over the management of offshore fishing resources
from a 12-mile to a 200-mile exclusive economic zone by, among other
things, establishing annual catch limits and allocating the available
resources between U.S. and foreign catchers and processors. As a result of
these government actions, the Company's ability to harvest seafood is
subject to these limitations.

Patents and Trademarks

     The Company has registered a number of trademarks relating to its
products which either have been approved or are in the process of
application. Because the Company does a significant amount of brand name
and product line advertising to promote its products, it considers the
protection of such trademarks to be important to its marketing efforts. The
Company has also developed non-public propriety information regarding its
production processes and other product-related matters. While the Company
utilizes internal procedures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality
of such information, it does not generally seek patent protection for the
technology it utilizes.


                                     9
<PAGE>
Seasonal Demand

     The demand for the Company's products generally increases during the
spring and summer months and generally decreases during the winter months.
Because of the somewhat seasonal character of the Company's business, the
Company may increase its finished product inventories during the winter
months in anticipation of increased spring and summer demands.

Industry Practices

     The Company's agreements with its customers are generally short-term,
verbal agreements due primarily to the perishable nature of its products,
industry practice and the fluctuation in demand and price for such
products.

Customer Relations

     No single customer of the Company accounts for more than ten percent
of the Company's consolidated revenues, and the loss of any single customer
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business.
Although any extended discontinuance of sales to any major customer could,
if not replaced, have an impact on the Company's operations, the Company
does not anticipate any such occurrences due to the demand for its products
and its ability to obtain new customers.

Backlog of Orders

     There is no significant backlog of unfilled orders for the Company's
products.

Competition

   The Company's food products compete with those of other national and
regional food producers and processors and certain prepared food
manufacturers. Additionally, the Company's food products compete in
international markets in Europe, South America, Central America and the Far
East. The Company's principal marketing and competitive strategy is to
identify target markets for value-enhanced products, to concentrate
production, sales and marketing efforts in order to appeal to and enhance
the demand from those markets and, utilizing its national distribution
system and customer support services, to achieve a dominant market position
for its products. Past efforts have indicated that customer demand
generally can be increased and sustained through application of the
Company's marketing strategy, as supported by its distribution system.

Research and Development

     The Company conducts continuous research and development activities to
improve the strains of primary poultry breeding stock, the genetic
qualities of swine, and finished product development. Additionally, a
separate staff of research and development personnel is maintained to
develop and provide for product needs. The annual cost of such research and
development programs is less than one percent of total consolidated annual
sales.




                                    10
<PAGE>
Regulation

     The Company's facilities for processing poultry and for housing live
poultry and swine are subject to a variety of federal, state and local
environmental protection laws and regulations, including provisions
relating to the discharge of materials into the environment. The Company's
poultry, beef, pork and Mexican food-based processing facilities are also
subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States
Department of Agriculture. The cost of compliance with such laws and
regulations has not had a material adverse effect upon the Company's
capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position and it is not
anticipated to have a material adverse effect in the future.

     Fishing activities and seafood processing activities of the Company's
seafood operations are closely regulated by the United States Department of
Commerce and various other state and governmental agencies.  These
agencies, among other things, establish fishing seasons and resource
depletion restrictions and regulate legal gear types. Violations of the
Magnuson Act and state laws can result in substantial penalties, ranging
from fines to seizure of catch and vessels. See "Legal Proceedings" under
item 3. In addition, the seafood operations are subject to various federal,
state and local laws relating to protection of the environment and the
health and safety of employees.

     To provide consumer reassurance of product integrity and safety, to
create a quality point of difference with the competition, and to assume a
position of measured industry leadership in production standards, the
Company's seafood operation voluntarily complies with certain United States
Department of Commerce regulations which enable it to show the United
States Department of Commerce seal of approval (PUFI) on its primary
products. Four of the Company's seafood manufacturing facilities are United
States Department of Commerce inspected and are participants in the
government's pilot Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP) program.

Employees and Labor Relations

     As of September 30, 1995, the Company employed approximately
64,000 persons. The Company believes that its relations with its workforce
are good.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company currently has production and distribution operations in
the following states: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, North
Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas,
Virginia and Washington. Additionally, the Company, either directly or
through its subsidiaries, has facilities in or participates in joint
venture operations in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, Hong Kong,
India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, Russia, South Africa,
Spain, the United Kingdom and Venezuela.

     The principal poultry operations of the Company consists of 58
processing plants. These plants are devoted to various phases of
slaughtering, dressing, cutting, packaging, deboning or further-processing.
The total slaughter capacity is approximately 38 million head per week.


                                    11
<PAGE>
     To support the above facilities the Company operates 29 feed mills and
57 broiler hatcheries with sufficient capacity to meet the needs of the
poultry growout operations.  In addition, the Company has poultry cold
storage facilities owned or leased with a capacity of approximately 103.7
million pounds.

     The Company's beef and pork operations consist of six plants with a
capacity to process 7.5 million pounds per week, supported by six freezer
storage facilities.

     The Company's Mexican food-based products and prepared foods consists
of six processing plants supported by four additional freezer storage
facilities.

     The Company's seafood operations consist of 32 catching and at-sea
processing vessels along with two freighters. The at-sea processing is
supported by nine shore-based processing plants, five of which are
dedicated to surimi processing.

     The Company's animal feed and pet food processing operations consist
of six rendering plants with the capacity to produce 18.5 million pounds of
animal protein products per week. Twelve ground pet food processing
operations in connection with poultry processing plants are capable of
producing 6.9 million pounds of product per week.

     The Company's live swine operations consists of 118 swine farrowing
and nursery units and 575 swine finishing units. These swine growout
operations are supported by three dedicated feed mills supplemented by the
production from the poultry operations' feed mills. In addition, the
Company operates a grain drying and two storage facilities in support of
its swine feed mill operations.

     The Company owns its major operating facilities and vessels with the
following exceptions: three poultry processing plants are leased under
agreements expiring in 1996 and 2002 and one poultry emulsified operation
facility is leased until 1996, four broiler hatcheries are leased under
agreements expiring in 1998, 257 breeder farms are leased under agreements
expiring at various dates through 1999, 38 pullet farms and 91 broiler
farms are leased under year-to-year leases, four freezer storage facilities
are leased under agreements expiring in 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999, 52 swine
farrowing and nursery units and 378 swine finishing units are leased under
one to ten year renewable lease agreements and one seafood
processing plant is leased under an agreement expiring in 1996.

     Management believes that the Company's present facilities are
generally adequate and suitable for its current purposes. In general,
the Company's facilities are fully utilized. However, seasonal fluctuations
in inventories and production may occur as a reaction to market demands for
certain products. The Company regularly engages in construction and other
capital improvement projects intended to expand capacity and improve the
efficiency of its processing and support facilities.







                                    12
<PAGE>
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     On September 8, 1993, the State of Alaska, after conducting
investigations, filed a Complaint for Forfeiture and Damages alleging that
certain Arctic Alaska Fisheries Corporation vessels participated in the use
of certain fishing gear during 1990, 1991, and 1992. While management is
not able at the present time to determine the outcome of these matters,
based upon information currently available, management presently believes
that the probability is remote that its resolution will have a material
adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

     On April 13, 1995, a purported shareholder's derivative action was
filed by a single shareholder on the Company's behalf in the Court of
Chancery of Delaware against the directors and principal shareholders of
the Company (the "Action").  The Action alleges that such persons breached
their fiduciary duties to the Company as a result of their approval and/or
participation in certain transactions in fiscal year 1994 between the
Company and various officers and directors or their affiliates, including
certain lease, poultry supply, poultry grow-out, wastewater treatment and
research and development service arrangements (such transactions being more
fully described under the caption "Certain Transactions" in the Company's
Proxy Statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting).  Additionally, the Action
alleges that the compensation and expense reimbursements paid to the
Company's Senior Chairman in fiscal year 1994, and the expense
reimbursements paid to him in fiscal year 1993, were excessive.  The Action
seeks various remedies, including (i) voiding of the challenged
transactions and an accounting of profits derived therefrom, (ii) damages
resulting from the challenged transactions and (iii) costs, expenses and
attorney fees.  The Company is named as a nominal defendant in the Action,
but no claim has been asserted against it.

     On May 10, 1995, the defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss the Action
claiming failure by the plaintiff to (i) make a pre-suit demand for action
by the directors of the Company, (ii) obtain personal jurisdiction over
certain shareholder defendants, and (iii) state a claim upon which relief
can be granted.  On July 6, 1995, the Court of Chancery entered a
stipulated order dismissing the Action without prejudice as to certain of
the non-director defendants.  The Motion to Dismiss as to the remaining
defendants is currently pending before the Court of Chancery. By
Stipulation Order of said Court dated October 18, 1995, and pursuant to
agreement of the parties, said Motion to Dismiss is being held in abeyance
while settlement discussions occur.

     Since the Action purports to be a shareholder's derivative suit, any
recovery (except attorneys' fees or other costs and expenses, if allowed)
would not be paid to the plaintiff, but rather would be paid directly to
the Company.  The Company has undertaken to advance certain expenses of the
director defendants and, if applicable, may be required to satisfy certain
indemnification obligations with respect to such individuals.  However,
management does not believe that the Action or such indemnification
obligations will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     Not applicable.

                                    13
<PAGE>
Executive Officers of the Company

Officers of the Company serve one year terms from the date of their
election, or until their successors are appointed and qualified. The
name, title, age and year of initial election of the Company's executive
officers are listed below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year
Name              Title                                       Age    Elected
- ----              -----                                       ---    -------
<S>               <S>                                         <C>    <C>
Don Tyson         Senior Chairman of the Board of Directors   65     1963
                                                                     
Leland E. Tollett Chairman of the Board of Directors and      58     1966
                  Chief Executive Officer
                                                                     
Donald E. Wray    President and Chief Operating Officer       58     1979
                                                                     
Wayne Britt       Senior Vice President,                      46     1977
                  International Sales, Marketing and                 
                  Operations                                         
                                                                     
Roy Brown         Senior Vice President,                      43     1993
                  Seafood Division                                   
                                                                     
William Jaycox    Senior Vice President,                      49     1990
                  Human Resources
                                                                     
Gary Johnson      Corporate Controller                        51     1982
                                                                     
Gerald Johnston   Executive Vice President, Finance           53     1972
                                                                     
Dennis Leatherby  Treasurer                                   35     1994
                                                                     
Greg Lee          Executive Vice President, Sales,            48     1993
                  Marketing and Technical Services
                                                                     
David Purtle      Executive Vice President, Operations,       51     1985
                  Transportation and Warehousing
                                                                     
Mary Rush         Secretary and Director of Investor          61     1982
                  Relations
                                                                     
John H. Tyson     President, Beef and Pork Division           42     1984
</TABLE>












                                    14
<PAGE>

John H. Tyson is the son of Don Tyson. No other family relationships
exist among the above officers. Messrs. Johnson and Johnston have served
the Company in essentially the indicated capacities for more than the past
five years. Mr. Tyson was appointed Senior Chairman of the Board of
Directors in 1995 after serving as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Tollett was
appointed Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors in
1995 after serving as Chief Executive Officer and President since 1991,
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors since 1994, and President and Chief
Operating Office since 1983. Mr. Wray was appointed President and Chief
Operating Officer in 1995 after serving as Chief Operating Officer since
1991 and Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing Division since 1985.
Mr. Britt was appointed Senior Vice President, International Sales and
Marketing in 1994 after serving as Vice President, Wholesale Club Division
since 1992 and Vice President, Secretary/Treasurer since 1982. Mr. Brown
was appointed Senior Vice President, Seafood Division in 1993 after serving
as Vice President, Sales and Marketing, International Division since 1992.
Mr. Jaycox was appointed Senior Vice President, Human Resources in 1995
after serving as Group Vice President, Human Resources since 1990. Mr.
Leatherby was appointed Treasurer in 1994 after serving as Assistant
Treasurer since 1990. Mr. Lee was appointed Executive Vice President,
Sales, Marketing and Technical Services in 1995 after serving as Senior
Vice President, Sales and Marketing since 1993 and Division Vice President
of Foodservice Sales and Marketing since 1988. Mr. Purtle was appointed
Executive Vice President, Operations, Transportation and Warehousing in
1995 after serving as Senior Vice President, Operations since 1991 and
Group Vice President, Operations since 1985. Ms. Rush was appointed
Secretary and Director of Investor Relations in 1992 after serving as
Assistant Secretary/Treasurer since 1982. Mr. John H. Tyson was appointed
President, Beef and Pork Division in 1993 after serving as Vice President
since 1987.



























                                    15
<PAGE>
                                  PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS

     The Company currently has issued and outstanding two classes of
capital stock, Class A Common Stock (the "Class A Stock") and Class B
Common Stock (the "Class B Stock"). Information regarding the voting rights
and dividend restrictions are set forth on page 33 of the Annual Report
under the caption "Capital Stock," which information is incorporated herein
by reference.

     On September 30, 1995, there were approximately 35,163 holders of
record of the Company's Class A Stock and 24 holders of record of the
Company's Class B Stock, excluding holders in the security positions
listings held by nominees. The Company's Class A Stock is traded on the
Nasdaq stock market's National Market System under the symbol "TYSNA." No
public trading market currently exists for the Class B Stock. Information
regarding the high and low sales prices of the Company's Class A Stock is
set forth in the table on page 41 of the Annual Report under the caption
"Price of Company's Common Stock," which information is incorporated herein
by reference.

     The Company has paid uninterrupted quarterly dividends on its common
stock each year since 1977. On November 20, 1995 the Board of Directors
increased the annual dividend rate on Class A Stock to $.12 per share and
fixed an annual dividend rate of $.108 per share for the Class B Stock,
effective with the quarterly dividend to be paid on December 15, 1995.
Prior to that, quarterly dividends were paid at an annual rate of $.08 for
Class A Stock and $.0667 for Class B Stock.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     See the information reflected under the caption "Eleven-Year Financial
Summary" at pages 20-21 of the Annual Report, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     See the information reflected under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis" at pages 23-25, 27 and 31 of the Annual Report,
which information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     See the information on pages 22, 26, 28-30, 32-41 and 43 of the Annual
Report under the caption "Consolidated Statements of Operations,"
"Consolidated Balance Sheets," "Consolidated Statements of Shareholders'
Equity," "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows," "Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements," and "Report of Independent Auditors," which
information is incorporated herein by reference. Other financial
information is filed under Item 14 of Part IV of this report.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.
                                    16
<PAGE>
                                 PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information set forth under the captions "Election of Directors"
and "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934"
in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Pursuant to general instruction G(3) of the instructions to Form 10-K,
certain information concerning the Company's executive officers is included
under the caption "Executive Officers of the Company" in Part I of this
Report. See the information set forth under the caption "Executive
Compensation and Other Information" in the Proxy Statement, which
information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     See the information included under the caption "Principal
Shareholders" and "Security Ownership of Management" in the Proxy
Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     See the information included under the caption "Certain Transactions"
in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.





























                                    17
<PAGE>
                                  PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)    The following documents are filed as a part of this report:

            1.  The following consolidated financial statements of the
                registrant included on pages 22, 26, 28-30, 32-41 in the
                Company's Annual Report for the fiscal year ended
                September 30, 1995 and the Report of Independent Auditors,
                on page 43 of such Annual Report are incorporated herein by
                reference. Page references set forth in the index below are
                to page numbers in Exhibit 13 of this Form 10-K.
<TABLE>
                                                                 Pages
          <S>                                                <C>
          Consolidated Statements of Operations                     37
          for the three years ended September 30, 1995
                                                             
          Consolidated Balance Sheets at                            42
          September 30, 1995 And October 1, 1994
                                                             
          Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity        44-45
          for the three years ended September 30, 1995
                                                             
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                     46
          for the three years ended September 30, 1995
                                                             
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             48-57
                                                             
          Report of Independent Auditors                            59
</TABLE>                                                     
            2.  The following additional information for the years 1995,
                1994 and 1993 is submitted herewith.  Page references are
                to the consecutively numbered pages of this Report on
                Form 10-K:

<TABLE>                                                          Pages
          <S>                                                <C>
          Report of Independent Auditors                           28
                                                             
          Schedule VIII - Valuation and Qualifying                 29
          Accounts and Reserves for the three years ended
          September 30, 1995
</TABLE>
     All other schedules are omitted because they are neither applicable
     nor required.

            3.  The exhibits filed with this report are listed in the
                Exhibit Index at the end of this Item 14.

            4.  On July 20, 1995, the Company filed a Current Report on
                Form 8-K related to the offer of medium-term notes due from
                nine months to thirty years from the date of issuance in
                the principal amount of up to $350 million.



                                    18
<PAGE>
                               EXHIBIT INDEX

     The following exhibits are filed with this report or are incorporated
by reference to previously filed material.  Page references are to the
cover page preceding each attached Exhibit.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                                                           Page
- -----------                                                           ----
<C>       <S>                                                 <C>
3(a)       Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as    
           amended (previously filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the
           Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4
           filed with the Commission on July 8, 1992,
           Commission File No. 33-49368, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
3(b)       Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company        
           (previously filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the
           Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
           fiscal year ended October 1, 1994, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
4(a)       Form of Indenture between the Company and The     
           Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., as Trustee relating
           to the issuance of up to $500 million of Debt
           Securities (previously filed as Exhibit 4 to
           Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on
           Form S-3, filed with the Commission on May 8,
           1995, Registration No. 33-58177, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
4(b)       Form of 6.75% $150 million Note due June 1, 2005  
           (previously filed as Exhibit 4(b) to the
           Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
           period ended July 1, 1995, Commission File No.
           0-3400, and incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
4(c)       Form of Fixed Rate Medium-Term Note (previously   
           filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current
           Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on
           July 20, 1995, Commission File No. 0-3400, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
4(d)       Form of Floating Rate Medium-Term Note            
           (previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's
           Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
           Commission on July 20, 1995, Commission File No.
           0-3400, and incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
4(e)       Form of Calculation Agent Agreement (previously   
           filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current
           Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on
           July 20, 1995, Commission File No. 0-3400, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
           
                                   19
<PAGE>     
4(f)       Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement,     
           dated June 30, 1993, by and between the Company
           and various Purchasers as listed in the Purchaser
           Schedule attached to said agreement, together
           with the following documents:
           
                      (i) Form of Series A Note
           
                     (ii) Form of Series D Note
           
           (previously filed as Exhibit 4(a) to the
           Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
           period ended July 3, 1993, Commission File No.
           0-3400, and incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
4(g)       Amendment Agreement, dated November 1, 1994, to   
           Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreements,
           dated June 30, 1993, by and between the Company
           and various Purchasers as listed in the Purchaser
           Schedule attached to said agreement (previously
           filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the Company's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December
           31, 1994, Commission File No. 0-3400, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
4(h)       Amended and Restated Note Agreement, dated June   
           30, 1993, by and between the Company and various
           Purchasers as listed in the Purchaser Schedule
           attached to said agreement, together with the
           following related documents:
           
                      (i) Form of Series E Note
           
                     (ii) Form of Series F Note
           
                    (iii) Form of Series G Note
           
           (previously filed as Exhibit 4(b) to the
           Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
           period ended July 3, 1993, Commission File No.
           0-3400, and incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
4(i)       Amendment Agreement, dated November 1, 1994, to   
           Amended and Restated Note Agreement, dated
           June 30, 1993, by and between the Company and
           various Purchasers as listed in the Purchaser
           Schedule attached to said agreement
           (previously filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the         
           Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
           period ended December 31, 1994, Commission File
           No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(a)      Master Shelf Agreement dated January 13, 1995,    
           between the Company and the Prudential Insurance
           Company of America (previously filed as Exhibit
           10(c) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
           
                                   20
<PAGE>     
           10-Q for the period ended December 31, 1994,
           Commission File No. 0-3400, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
10(b)      First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,      
           dated May 26, 1995, by and among the Company, as
           Borrower, The Chase Manhattan Bank N.A., Chemical
           Bank, Cooperative Centrale Raiffeisen
           Boerenleenbank B.A. (Rabobank Nederland), Morgan
           Guaranty Trust Company of New York, National
           Westminister Bank Plc, Nationsbank of Texas,
           N.A., and Societe Generale, as Co-Agents, and
           Bank of America National Trust and Savings
           Association, as Agent (previously filed as
           Exhibit 4(g) to the Company's Quarterly Report on
           Form 10-Q for the period ended July 1, 1995,
           Commission File No. 0-3400, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
10(c)      Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,     
           including all exhibits thereto, dated as of
           May 26, 1995, by and among the Company, as
           Borrower, The Chase Manhattan Bank N.A., Chemical
           Bank, Cooperative Centrale Raiffeisen-
           Boerenleenbank B.A. (Rabobank Nederland), Morgan
           Guaranty Trust Company of New York, National
           Westminister Bank Plc, Nationsbank of Texas,
           N.A., and Societe Generale, as Co-Agents, and
           Bank of America National Trust and Savings
           Association, as Agent (previously filed as
           Exhibit 4(f) to the Company's Quarterly Report on
           Form 10-Q for the period ended July 1, 1995,
           Commission File No. 0-3400, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
10(d)      Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated July 1, 
           1993, between the Company and Morgan Guaranty
           Trust Company of New York, (previously filed as
           Exhibit 10(d) to the Company's Quarterly Report
           on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 3, 1993,
           Commission File No. 0-3400, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
10(e)      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated July 1,   
           1993, between the Company and Merrill Lynch Money
           Markets, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 10(e)
           to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
           for the period ended July 3, 1993, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(f)      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated July 1,   
           1993, between the Company and the First Boston
           Corporation (previously filed as Exhibit 10(g) to
           the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           the period ended July 3, 1993, Commission File
           No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                  21                         
<PAGE>                             
10(g)      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated July 1,   
           1993, between the Company and J.P. Morgan
           Securities, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit
           10(h) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
           10-Q for the period ended July 3, 1993,
           Commission File No. 0-3400, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
10(h)      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated July 1,   
           1993, between the Company and Bank of America
           National Trust and Savings Association
           (previously filed as Exhibit 10(i) to the
           Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
           period ended July 3, 1993, Commission File No.
           0-3400, and incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
10(i)      Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated September 
           1, 1994, between the Company and Chase
           Securities, Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit
           10(j) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
           for the fiscal year ended October 1, 1994,
           Commission File No. 0-3400, and incorporated
           herein by reference).
                                                             
10(j)      Tyson Foods, Inc. Senior Executive Performance    
           Bonus Plan adopted November 18, 1994 (previously
           filed as Exhibit 10(k) to the Company's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
           October 1, 1994, Commission File No. 0-3400, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
10(k)      Tyson Foods, Inc. Restricted Stock Bonus Plan,    
           effective August 21, 1989, as amended and
           restated on April 15, 1994; and Amendment to
           Restricted Stock Bonus Plan effective November
           18, 1994 (previously filed as Exhibit 10(l) to
           the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
           fiscal year ended October 1, 1994, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(l)      Profit Sharing Plan and Trust of Tyson Foods,     
           Inc., as amended and restated effective
           April 1, 1987, (previously filed as Exhibit 10(a)
           to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
           the fiscal year ended October 3, 1987, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(m)      Tyson Foods, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,   
           effective April 1, 1979, as amended and restated
           effective November 1, 1986, (previously filed as
           Exhibit 10(b) to the Company's Annual Report on
           Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3,
           1987, Commission File No. 0-3400, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
           
                                   22
<PAGE>     
10(n)      Tyson Foods, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Plan of  
           1982, as amended and restated on September 5,
           1987, (previously filed as Exhibit 10(c) to the
           Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
           fiscal year ended October 3, 1987, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(o)      Tyson Foods, Inc. Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, 
           as amended and restated on November 18, 1994,
           (previously filed as Exhibit 99 to the Company's
           Registration Statement on Form
           S-8 filed with the Commission on January 30,
           1995, Commission File No. 33-54716, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
10(p)      Tyson Foods, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan   
           as amended and restated on September 5, 1987,
           (previously filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the
           Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
           fiscal year ended October 3, 1987, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(q)      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated   
           July 1, 1994, between the Company and Don Tyson,
           Senior Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
           Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10(r) to the
           Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
           fiscal year ended October 1, 1994, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(r)      Retirement Savings Plan of Tyson Foods, Inc.,     
           qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal
           Revenue Code, effective October 1, 1987, and
           Trust Agreement related thereto (previously filed
           as Exhibit 10(g) to the Company's Annual Report
           on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3,
           1987, Commission File No. 0-3400, and
           incorporated herein by reference).
                                                             
10(s)      Tyson Employee Retirement Income Savings Plan, as 
           amended and restated effective April 1, 1987,
           (previously filed as Exhibit 10(h) to the
           Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
           fiscal year ended October 3, 1987, Commission
           File No. 0-3400, and incorporated herein by
           reference).
                                                             
10(t)      Form of Indemnity Agreement between Tyson Foods,        30-33
           Inc. and its directors and certain of its
           executive officers.
                                                             
11         Statement Regarding Computation of Earnings Per            34
           Share.
                                                             
           
                                  23
<PAGE>     
13         Pages 20-43 of the Annual Report to Shareholders        35-61
           for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1995.
                                                             
21         Subsidiaries of the Company.                               62
                                                             
23         Consent of Independent Auditors.                           63
                                                             
27         Financial Data Schedule.                                   64
</TABLE>                                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    24
<PAGE>
                                SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                             TYSON FOODS, INC.
                                     
                           By /s/ Gerald Johnston         November 20, 1995
                              -------------------
                              Gerald Johnston
                              Executive Vice President,
                              Finance













































                                    25
<PAGE>
    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.
<TABLE>
<S>                    <S>                           <S>
/s/Neely Cassady        Private Investor and          November 20, 1995
- --------------------    Arkansas State Senator        
Neely Cassady                                         
                                                      
/s/ Lloyd V. Hackley    President, North Carolina     November 20, 1995
- --------------------    Community College System      
Lloyd V. Hackley                                      
                                                      
/s/ Gary Johnson        Corporate Controller          November 20, 1995
- --------------------    (Principal Accounting         
Gary Johnson            Officer)                      
                                                      
/s/Gerald Johnston      Executive Vice President,     November 20, 1995
- --------------------    Finance (Principal            
Gerald Johnston         Financial Officer)            
                                                      
/s/ Shelby D. Massey    Private Investor              November 20, 1995
- --------------------                                  
Shelby D. Massey                                      
                                                      
/s/ Joe F. Starr        Vice President                November 20, 1995
- --------------------                                  
Joe F. Starr                                          
                                                      
/s/ Leland E. Tollett   Chairman of the Board of      November 20, 1995
- ---------------------   Directors and Chief           
Leland E. Tollett       Executive Officer             
                                                      
/s/ Barbara Tyson       Vice President                November 20, 1995
- ---------------------                                 
Barbara Tyson                                         
                                                      
/s/ Don Tyson           Senior Chairman of the        November 20, 1995
- ---------------------   Board of Directors            
Don Tyson                                             
                                                      
/s/ John H. Tyson       President,                    November 20, 1995
- ---------------------   Beef and Pork Division        
John H. Tyson                                         
                                                      
/s/ Fred S. Vorsanger   Vice President(Emeritus)      November 20, 1995
- ---------------------   University of Arkansas        
Fred S. Vorsanger       and Private Investor          
                                                      
/s/ Donald E. Wray      President and Chief           November 20, 1995
- ---------------------   Operating Officer             
Donald E. Wray                                        
</TABLE>





                                    26
<PAGE>


























                     FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES































                                    27
<PAGE>
                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Tyson Foods, Inc.
as of September 30, 1995 and October 1, 1994, and for each of the three
years in the period ended September 30, 1995, and have issued our report
thereon dated November 13, 1995. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in Item 14(a) in this annual report (Form 10-K).
This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.

In our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.


/s/ERNST & YOUNG LLP
- --------------------
   ERNST & YOUNG LLP
   Little Rock, Arkansas

   November 13, 1995





































                                    28
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             TYSON FOODS, INC.
                              SCHEDULE VIII
              VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                  Three Years Ended September 30, 1995

                           (Dollars in Millions)

                  Balance at  Charged to  Charged                  Balance
                  Beginning   Costs and   to Other  Additions      at End
Description       of Period    Expenses   Accounts (Deductions)   of Period
- -----------       ----------  ---------   --------  -----------   ---------

<S>                <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>
Allowance for
  Doubtful Accounts

1995                $3.3        $1.1          0        ($0.8)        $3.6

1994                $2.6        $1.1          0        ($0.4)        $3.3

1993                $2.5        $1.0          0        ($0.9)        $2.6
</TABLE>


































                                    29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(T) FORM OF INDEMNITY
<TEXT>























































<PAGE>
                            INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
                            -------------------
     This Agreement is made as of the      day of          , 19  , among
Tyson Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation"), and
              ( "Indemnitee"), with reference to the following facts:

                                 RECITALS

     A.   Indemnitee is currently serving as              of the
Corporation and the Corporation wishes Indemnitee to continue in such
capacity.  Indemnitee is willing, under certain circumstances, to continue
in such capacity.

     B.   Indemnitee has indicated that he does not regard the indemnities
available under the Corporation's bylaws and available insurance, if any,
as adequate to protect him against the risks associated with his service to
the Corporation.  Indemnitee may not be willing to continue in office in
the absence of the benefits afforded to Indemnitee under this Agreement.
                                 AGREEMENT

     In order to induce Indemnitee to continue to serve as ______________
for the Corporation and in consideration for his continued service, the
Corporation hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee as follows:

     1.   The Corporation will pay on behalf of Indemnitee, and his
executors, administrators or assigns, any amount which he is or becomes
legally obligated to pay because of any claim or claims made against him
because of any act or omission or neglect or breach of duty, including any
actual or alleged error or misstatement or misleading statement, which he
commits or suffers while acting in his capacity as a             of the
Corporation and solely because of his being a                 The payments
which the Corporation will be obligated to make hereunder shall include,
inter alia, damages, judgements, settlements and costs, costs of
investigation (excluding salaries of officers or employees of the
Corporation) and costs of defense of legal actions, claims or proceedings
and appeals therefrom, and costs of attachment of similar bonds.

     2.   In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Corporation
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do
everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the
execution of such documents necessary to enable the Corporation effectively
to bring suit to enforce such rights.

     3.   Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 1, the Corporation
shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection
with any claim made against the Indemnitee:

          (a)   for which payment is actually made to the Indemnitee under
     a valid and collectible insurance policy, except in respect of any
     excess beyond the amount of payment under such insurance;

          (b)   for which the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnity and/or
     payment by reason of having given notice of any circumstance which
     might give rise to a claim under any policy of insurance, the terms of
     which have expired prior to the effective date of this Agreement;


                                    30
<PAGE>
          (c)   for which the Indemnitee is indemnified by the Corporation
     otherwise than pursuant to this Agreement;

          (d)   based upon or attributable to the Indemnitee gaining in
     fact any remuneration, personal profit or advantage to which he was
     not legally entitled;

          (e)   for an accounting of profits made from the purchase of sale
     by the Indemnitee of securities of the Corporation within the meaning
     of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and amendments
     thereto or similar provisions of any state statutory law or common
     law;

          (f)   brought about or contributed to by the dishonesty of
     Indemnitee; however, notwithstanding the foregoing, Indemnitee shall
     be protected under this Agreement as to any claims upon which suit may
     be brought against him by reason of any alleged dishonesty on his
     part, unless a judgment or other final adjudication thereof adverse to
     Indemnitee shall establish that he committed acts of active and
     deliberate dishonesty with actual dishonest purpose and intent which
     were material to the cause of action so adjudicated; or

          (g)   if a final decision by a court having jurisdiction in the
     matter shall determine that such payment is not lawful.

     4.   If the Indemnification provided hereunder is unavailable and may
not be paid to Indemnitee for any reason other than those set forth in
paragraphs (a) through (f) of Section 3, then in respect of any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding in which Corporation is
jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such action, suit
or proceeding), Corporation shall contribute to the amount of expenses
(including attorneys' fees), judgements, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by
Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative
benefits received by Corporation on the one hand and Indemnitee on the
other hand from the transaction from which such action, suit or proceeding
arose, and (ii) the relative fault of Corporation on the one hand and of
Indemnitee on the other in connection with the events which resulted in
such expenses, judgements, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any
other relevant equitable considerations.  The relative fault of Corporation
on the one hand and of Indemnitee on the other shall be determined by
reference to, among other things, the parties' relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the
circumstances resulting in such expenses, judgements, fines or settlement
amounts.  Corporation agrees that it would not be just and equitable if
contribution pursuant to this Section 4 were determined by pro-rata
allocation or any other method of allocation which does not take account of
the foregoing equitable considerations.

     5.   Promptly after receipt by Indemnitee of notice of the
commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, Indemnitee will, if a claim
in respect thereof is to be made against Corporation under this Agreement,
notify Corporation of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to
notify Corporation will not relieve it from any liability which it may have
to Indemnitee otherwise than under this Agreement.  With respect to any
such action, suit or proceeding as to which Indemnitee notifies Corporation
of the commencement thereof:

                                    31
<PAGE>
          (a)   Corporation will be entitled to participate therein at its
     own expense;

          (b)   except as otherwise provided below, to the extent that it
     may wish, Corporation jointly with any other indemnifying party
     similarly notified will be entitled to assume the defense thereof,
     with counsel satisfactory to Indemnitee.  After notice from
     Corporation to Indemnitee of its election so as to assume the defense
     thereof, Corporation will not be liable to Indemnitee under this
     Agreement for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by
     Indemnitee in connection with the defense thereof other than
     reasonable costs of investigation or as otherwise provided below.
     Indemnitee shall have the right to employ its counsel in such action,
     suit or proceeding but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred
     after notice from Corporation of its assumption of the defense thereof
     shall be at the expense of Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of
     counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by Corporation, (ii)
     Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a
     conflict of interest between Corporation and Indemnitee in the conduct
     of the defense of such action or (iii) Corporation shall not in fact
     have employed counsel to assume the defense of such action, in each of
     which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense
     of Corporation.  Corporation shall not be entitled to assume the
     defense of any action, suit or proceeding brought by or on behalf of
     Corporation or as to which Indemnitee shall have made the conclusion
     provided for in (ii) above; and

          (c)   Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee
     under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action
     or claim effected without its written consent.  Corporation shall not
     settle any action or claim in any manner which would impose any
     penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee's written
     consent.  Neither Corporation or Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold
     its consent to any proposed settlement.

     6.   In the event that Indemnitee employs his own counsel pursuant to
Section 5(b) (i) through (iii) above, Corporation shall advance to
Indemnitee, prior to any final disposition of any threatened or pending
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, any and all reasonable expenses (including legal fees and
expenses) incurred in investigating or defending any such action, suit or
proceeding within ten (10) days after receiving copies of invoices
presented to Indemnitee for such expenses.  Indemnitee agrees that
Indemnitee will reimburse Corporation for all reasonable expenses paid by
Corporation in defending any civil or criminal action, suit or proceedings
against Indemnitee in the event and only to the extent that a final
decision by a court having jurisdiction in the matter shall determine that
it is unlawful for Indemnitee to be indemnified by Corporation for such
expenses.

     7.   The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered
into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on Corporation
hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to continue as a ____________ of
Corporation, and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this
Agreement in continuing in such capacity.  In the event Indemnitee is
required to bring any action to enforce rights or to collect moneys due
under this Agreement and is successful in such action, Corporation shall

                                    32
<PAGE>
reimburse Indemnitee for all of Indemnitee's reasonable fees and expenses
in bringing and pursuing such action.

     8.   ach of the provisions of this Agreement is a separate and
distinct agreement and independent of the other, so that if any provision
hereof shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of the other provisions hereof.
     9.   This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware.

     10.   This Agreement shall be binding upon Indemnitee and upon
Corporation, its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of
Indemnitee, his heirs, personal representative and assigns and to the
benefits of Corporation, its successors and assigns.

     11.   No amendment, modification, termination or cancellation of this
Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by both parties
hereto.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on
and as of the day and year first above written.

                              TYSON FOODS, INC.


                              BY:
                              TITLE:

                              -----------------------------------
                              --------------------, Indemnitee


























                                    33
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EPS COMPUTATION
<TEXT>

                                     





















































<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 11

                             TYSON FOODS, INC.
                     COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
                   (In thousands except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               1995        1994       1993
                                             -----------------------------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>        <C>
Primary:

     Average common shares outstanding
     during the period                        144.5       147.0      147.2

     Net effect of dilutive stock
     options based on the treasury
     stock method using average
     market price                                .6          .8        1.1
                                              -----       -----      -----
     Total common and common equivalent
     shares outstanding                       145.1       147.8      148.3
                                              =====       =====      =====
     Net income (loss)                       $219.2       ($2.1)    $180.3
                                             ======       =====     ======
     Earnings (loss) per share                $1.51      ($0.01)     $1.22
                                              =====       =====      =====

Fully Diluted:

     Average common shares outstanding
     during the period                        144.5       147.0      147.2

     Net effect of dilutive stock
     options based on the treasury
     stock method using the quarter-
     end market price, if higher
     than average market price                   .7         1.0        1.1
                                              -----       -----      -----
     Total common and common equivalent
     shares outstanding                       145.2       148.0      148.3
                                              =====       =====      =====
     Net income (loss)                       $219.2       ($2.1)    $180.3
                                             ======       =====     ======
     Earnings (loss) per share                $1.51      ($0.01)     $1.22
                                              =====       =====      =====
</TABLE>











                                    34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT PG 20-43
<TEXT>























































<PAGE>
Tyson Foods, Inc.
ELEVEN-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(In millions except per share data)
<TABLE>
<S>                                     <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Results for Fiscal Year:         1995          1994         1993         1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales                                   $5,511.2      $5,110.3     $4,707.4     $4,168.8
Cost of Sales                            4,423.1       4,149.1      3,796.5      3,390.3
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross Margin                             1,088.1         961.2        910.9        778.5
Operating Expenses                         616.4         766.0        535.4        446.8
Interest Expense                           114.9          86.1         72.8         76.9
Foreign Currency Exchange                   15.6                                
Other Expense (Income)                      (2.4)         (9.5)        (6.9)        (6.2)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income Before Taxes on Income and                                               
  Minority Interest                        343.6         118.6        309.6        261.0
Provision for Income Taxes                 131.0         120.7        129.3        100.5
Minority Interest in Net Loss of                                                
  Consolidated Subsidiary                    6.6
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income (Loss)                       $  219.2      $   (2.1)    $  180.3     $  160.5
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings (Loss) Per Share                 $  1.51       $ (0.01)     $  1.22      $  1.16
Dividends Per Share:                                                            
   Class A                                 0.0800        0.0700       0.0400       0.0400
   Class B                                 0.0667        0.0583       0.0333       0.0333
Capital Expenditures                        347.2         232.1        225.3        108.0
Depreciation and Amortization               204.9         188.3        176.6        148.9
Return on Sales                              3.98%        (0.04)%       3.83%        3.85%
Annual Sales Growth                          7.85%         8.56 %      12.92%        6.29%
Five Year Compounded                                                            
   Annual Sales Growth                       7.58%        15.02 %      19.45%       18.48%
Gross Profit Margin                         19.74%        18.81 %      19.35%       18.67%
Return on Average                                                               
   Quarterly Equity                         16.01%        (0.16)%      14.65%       17.92%
Five Year Return on                                                             
   Average Quarterly Equity                 12.57%        12.75 %      18.60%       21.34%
Effective Tax Rate                          38.1 %        101.8 %      41.8 %       38.5 %
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Condition at Fiscal Year End:                                         
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Assets                            $4,444.3      $3,668.0     $3,253.5     $2,617.7
Net Property, Plant and Equipment        2,013.5       1,610.0      1,435.3      1,142.2
Long-Term Debt                           1,620.5       1,381.5        920.5        726.5
Shareholders' Equity                     1,467.7       1,289.4      1,360.7        980.2
Book Value Per Share                       10.14          8.88         9.24         7.13
Long-Term Debt to Capitalization           52.47%        51.72%       40.35%       42.57%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>






                                     35
<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   1991        1990         1989        1988         1987         1986        1985
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$3,922.1    $3,825.3     $2,538.2    $1,936.0     $1,786.0     $1,503.7    $1,135.7
 3,147.5     3,081.7      2,056.1     1,627.6      1,483.0      1,271.9       954.4
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   774.6       743.6        482.1       308.4        303.0        231.8       181.3
   441.4       423.4        271.5       184.0        156.8        116.7        92.3
    95.5       128.6         45.0        19.5         22.9         20.6        19.5
                                                                           
    (4.8)       (8.5)         2.1         0.5          0.1         (3.4)       (0.6)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           
   242.5       200.1        163.5       104.4        123.2         97.9        70.1
    97.0        80.1         62.9        23.0         55.4         47.6        35.3
                                                                           
                                                                           
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$  145.5    $  120.0     $  100.6    $   81.4     $   67.8     $   50.3    $   34.8
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$   1.05    $   0.90     $   0.78    $   0.64     $   0.53     $   0.39    $   0.29
                                                                           
  0.0300      0.0200       0.0200      0.0200       0.0185       0.0117      0.0077
  0.0250      0.0165       0.0165      0.0165       0.0125          N/A         N/A
   213.6       163.8        128.9        86.3        132.9        117.5        56.6
   135.8       123.4         84.8        70.3         60.4         42.2        29.7
    3.71%       3.14%        3.96%       4.21%        3.79%        3.34%       3.07%
    2.53%      50.71%       31.11%       8.40%       18.77%       32.40%      51.41%
                                                                           
   21.13%      27.49%       27.61%      26.25%       26.15%       24.55%      23.81%
   19.75%      19.44%       19.00%      15.93%       16.96%       15.41%      15.96%
                                                                           
   19.76%      22.92%       25.95%      26.77%       28.77%       28.27%      30.49%
                                                                           
   23.48%      25.64%       27.43%      27.77%       27.22%       25.59%      21.50%
    40.0%       40.0%        38.5%       22.0%        45.0%        48.6%       50.4%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$2,645.8    $2,501.1     $2,586.1    $  889.1     $  806.8     $  760.7    $  471.5
 1,162.0     1,071.1      1,020.8       430.0        415.9        347.9       226.4
   845.9       950.4      1,319.4       205.8        211.3        211.9       118.6
   822.5       663.0        447.7       341.4        269.5        203.6       154.7
    5.99        4.85         3.46        2.67         2.10         1.59        1.21
   50.70%      58.91%       74.66%      37.62%       43.95%       50.99%      43.38%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>






                                     36
<PAGE>
Tyson Foods, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Three Years Ended September 30, 1995
(In million except per share data)
<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>          <C>         <C>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1995         1994        1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales                                       $5,511.2     $5,110.3   $4,707.4
Cost of Sales                                4,423.1      4,149.1    3,796.5
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             1,088.1        961.2      910.9
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Expenses:                                                
  Selling                                      478.8        426.5      397.4
  General and administrative                   111.7         95.9      107.2
  Amortization                                  25.9         29.7       30.8
  Write-down of excess of                                          
    investments over net assets                                    
    acquired and certain long-lived                         213.9  
assets
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              616.4         766.0      535.4
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Income                              471.7         195.2      375.5
                                                                   
Other Expense (Income):                                            
  Interest                                    114.9          86.1       72.8
  Foreign currency exchange                    15.6                
  Other                                        (2.4)         (9.5)      (6.9)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              128.1          76.6       65.9
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income Before Taxes on Income and                                  
  Minority Interest                           343.6         118.6      309.6
Provision for Income Taxes                    131.0         120.7      129.3
Minority Interest in Net Loss of                                   
  Consolidated Subsidiary                       6.6                
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income (Loss)                            $219.2         $(2.1)    $180.3
_____________________________________________________________________________
Earnings (Loss) Per Share                     $1.51        $(0.01)     $1.22
Average Shares Outstanding                    145.1         147.8      148.3
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>











                                     37
<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

ACQUISITIONS

On January 19, 1995, Tyson Foods, Inc. (the Company or Tyson) completed the
purchase of the Star of Kodiak, a fish processing facility in Kodiak, Alaska,
from All Alaskan Seafoods, Inc.  On June 26, 1995, the Company completed the
purchase of Multifoods Seafood, Inc. and JAC Creative Foods, Inc., with
combined annual sales of approximately $65 million, from International
Multifoods Corporation.  On September 1, 1995, the Company acquired the U.S.
broiler business of Cargill, Incorporated (Cargill), with operations in
Georgia and Florida. The U.S. broiler business of Cargill had 1994 sales of
approximately $268 million.  On September 5, 1995, the Company acquired all
of the outstanding stock of McCarty Farms, Inc.(McCarty), an integrated
poultry company with all of its operations in Mississippi. McCarty's 1994
sales were approximately $320 million. The total cost of all of these
acquisitions was approximately $368.7 million including cash paid and assets
exchanged.

On January 6, 1994, the Company acquired Gorges Foodservice, Inc.(Gorges) and
certain related assets. Gorges is a beef further-processing company with 1993
sales of approximately $55 million. On April 19, 1994, the Company increased
its 18% ownership interest to 50.1% in Trasgo, S.A. de C.V.(Trasgo). With
1993 sales of approximately $140 million, Trasgo is the third largest poultry
producer and processor in Mexico, serving both retail and foodservice
markets. Effective July 3, 1994, the Company acquired certain assets of
Culinary Foods, Inc. (Culinary), a manufacturer and processor of value-added
specialty frozen foods with 1993 sales of approximately $70 million. On
August 18, 1994, the Company increased its 50% ownership interest to 100% in
Cobb-Vantress, Inc., one of the world's leading suppliers of breeding stock
to the broiler industry with 1993 sales of approximately $35 million,
excluding sales to Tyson.

These transactions have been accounted for as purchases, and the results of
operations for these entities have been included in the Company's
consolidated results of operations since the acquisition dates, but are not
included in the results of operations for prior years. These factors should
be considered when making comparisons to fiscal 1994 and 1993.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Sales for fiscal 1995 increased 7.8% over fiscal 1994. This increase was
mainly due to an increase in consumer poultry sales which increased fiscal
1995 sales by 6.1%. The increase in consumer poultry sales was primarily
attributable to a 13.6% increase in tonnage partially offset by a 4.7%
decrease in average sales prices. Lower average sales prices for consumer
poultry primarily resulted from an increased supply of poultry and
alternative red meats in the market.  Trasgo accounted for 13.5% of the
increase in consumer poultry sales. Beef and pork sales decreased fiscal 1995
total sales by 1.5%.  The decrease in beef and pork sales was due to a 7.7%
decrease in tonnage and a 6.0% decrease in average sales prices.  Sales of
Mexican food-based products and prepared foods as a group increased sales for
fiscal 1995 compared to fiscal 1994 by 1.9%.  Culinary accounted for 76.1% of
the increase in prepared foods.  Seafood sales increased fiscal 1995 total
sales by 0.3% due to an 8.6% increase in average sales prices partially
offset by a 1.1% decrease in tonnage.  Sales of live swine, animal foods, by-
products and other sales as a group increased fiscal 1995 total sales by 1.0%

                                     38
<PAGE>
compared to fiscal 1994.  Over the past five years total sales have grown at
a compounded annual rate of 7.6%.

Low market prices, which were below the Company's rearing costs, adversely
affected both sales and profit margins for live swine during fiscal year
1995.  As a result, the Company's integrated pork processing operations
suffered a cost disadvantage against non-integrated pork processors who were
able to source their raw materials at lower costs.  The Company's live swine
and pork operations reported an after-tax loss for fiscal 1995 of
$18.0 million.  This loss was partially offset by contributions from other
lines in the beef and pork division.  Processed pork sales will decrease
significantly in the future due to the exchange of the Marshall, Missouri,
pork processing facility as part of the purchase price for the acquisition of
additional broiler capacity from Cargill.  However, the decrease in processed
pork sales will be substantially offset by an increase in live swine sales as
the Company's pork operations cease to be fully integrated.  Market prices
for live swine improved during the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995.

Sales for fiscal 1994 increased 8.6% over fiscal 1993. Consumer poultry sales
accounted for a 6.6% increase in total sales. The increase in consumer
poultry sales was primarily attributable to a 7.7% increase in tonnage and a
1.0% increase in average sales prices. Trasgo accounted for 18.4% of the
increase in consumer poultry sales. Beef and pork sales increased fiscal 1994
total sales by 2.9%. The increase in beef and pork sales was due to the
acquisition during the year of a beef further-processing company and
additional production from the Marshall, Missouri, pork processing facility
which was not fully-operational during fiscal 1993. Sales of Mexican food-
based products and prepared foods as a group decreased slightly for fiscal
1994 compared to fiscal 1993. Seafood sales decreased fiscal 1994 total sales
by 0.4% due to a 5.1% decrease in tonnage and a 2.5% decrease in average
sales prices.  Live swine, animal foods, by-products and other sales as a
group decreased fiscal 1994 total sales by 0.5% compared to fiscal 1993.

The increase in cost of goods sold for 1995 over 1994 of 6.6% was mainly the
result of the increase in sales volume partially offset by a 10.5% decrease
in the cost of feed for live poultry. Grain costs are anticipated to increase
into next fiscal year.  The impact of rising grain costs on the Company's
operations is difficult to predict and is dependent upon various factors in
the commodity grain market as well as the market for finished products.  The
Company's strategy of adding value to its products through further-processing
helps to offset a portion of the impact of increased grain costs.  However,
until such time as these increased costs are passed through to the consumer
or grain costs subside, operations may be negatively impacted.  As a percent
of sales, cost of sales decreased to 80.3% in 1995 compared to 81.2% in 1994.

The increase in cost of goods sold for 1994 over 1993 of 9.3% was mainly the
result of the increase in sales plus a 6% increase in the cost of feed for
live poultry. Although grain costs began decreasing during the third quarter
of 1994, past increases affected the production cost of poultry, swine and
Mexican food-based products.  As a percent of sales, cost of sales increased
to 81.2% in 1994 compared to 80.6% in 1993.

Operating expenses for 1995 decreased 19.5% from 1994. Excluding the write-
down of excess of investments over net assets acquired and certain long-lived
assets related to Arctic Alaska Fisheries Corporation (Arctic), which
occurred in the third quarter of fiscal 1994, operating expenses increased
11.6% when compared to fiscal 1994. As a percent of sales, selling expense

                                     39
<PAGE>
increased to 8.7% in 1995 compared to 8.3% in 1994. Selling expense increased
primarily due to increased storage and distribution costs, a portion of which
is related to international sales and acquisitions, as well as increased
commission and promotional expenses.  As a percent of sales, general and
administrative expense was 2.0% in 1995 compared to 1.9% in 1994, and
amortization expense was 0.5% in 1995 compared to 0.6% in 1994.

The devaluation of the Mexican peso adversely affected Trasgo's fiscal 1995
operating results.  The Company's share of Trasgo's net loss for fiscal 1995
reduced the Company's consolidated net income by $6.6 million ($0.05 per
share).  Management will continue to evaluate the effect of exchange rates on
Trasgo's results to determine its impact, if any, on the Company's future
results.
                                      
Operating expenses increased 43.1% for 1994 over 1993. The write-down of
excess of investments over net assets acquired and certain long-lived assets
related to Arctic accounted for 92.7% of this increase in operating expenses.
As a percent of sales, selling expense decreased to 8.3% in 1994 compared to
8.4% in 1993. Selling expense decreased primarily due to decreased sales
promotional and advertising expenditures offset slightly by increased
expenses related to Trasgo. Costs incurred in connection with the sale of
accounts receivable, which are classified as general and administrative
expense, were $1.4 million in 1994 compared to $9.6 million in 1993. This
decrease was due to the discontinuance of the sale of accounts receivable.
Certain other administrative costs decreased compared to 1993 due to cost
control and administrative initiatives instituted by management. As a percent
of sales, general and administrative expense was 1.9% in 1994 compared to
2.3% in 1993, and amortization expense was 0.6% in 1994 compared to 0.7% in
1993.

Interest expense increased 33.4% in 1995 compared to 1994 with Trasgo
accounting for 17.8% of the increase.  The Company's short-term interest
rates were approximately 54.1% higher than the same period last year, which
raised the weighted average interest rate of all Company debt in 1995
compared to 1994.  In addition, the Company had a higher level of borrowing
as a result of acquisitions which increased the Company's average
indebtedness by 13.4% over the same period last year.  As a percent of sales,
interest expense increased to 2.1% in 1995 compared to 1.7% in 1994.  The
average interest rate on the Company's total debt for fiscal year 1995 was
7.7% compared to 6.6% for 1994.

Interest expense increased 18.3% in 1994 compared to 1993. Short-term
interest rates were lower compared to 1993, due to market conditions and the
Company's use of less costly borrowing alternatives which lowered the
weighted average interest rate of all Company debt in 1994 compared to 1993.
These lower rates were offset by a higher level of borrowing due to the
discontinuance of the sale of accounts receivable, as the Company's average
indebtedness increased 28.7% compared to 1993. As a percent of sales,
interest expense increased to 1.7% in 1994 compared to 1.5% in 1993. The
average interest rate on the Company's total debt for fiscal year 1994 was
6.6% compared to 7.2% for 1993.

The effective tax rate for 1995 was 38.1% compared to 101.8% in 1994. The
rate for 1994 was unusually high due to the non-deductibility of the write-
down of Arctic's excess of investments over net assets acquired.  Excluding
the write-down of assets in 1994, the rate would have been 39%.  The
effective tax rate generally reflects the statutory federal income tax rate

                                     40
<PAGE>
plus the impact of the non-deductibility of amortization of excess of
investments over net assets acquired.

Return on average quarterly assets for 1995 was 5.6% compared to (0.1%) for
1994, with a five-year average of 4.4%. The return on average quarterly
assets for 1994 would have been 5.7% without the Arctic write-down.  Return
on average quarterly equity for 1995 was 16.0% compared to (0.2%) for 1994.
The return on average quarterly equity for 1994 would have been 14.1% without
the Arctic write-down.  The five-year return on average quarterly equity was
12.6%.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

The Company has many environmentally responsible practices. Consequently,
management believes that they have no incidence of environmental
contamination or damages requiring material expenditures. The Company has a
strong financial commitment to clean water. During fiscal 1995, the Company
invested approximately $43.2 million in water quality, including both capital
outlays totaling $9.3 million to build and upgrade facilities and an
additional $33.9 million for day-to-day operations.






































                                     41
<PAGE>
Tyson Foods, Inc.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
September 30, 1995 and October 1, 1994
(In millions except per share data)
<TABLE>
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>
ASSETS                                                      1995      1994
Current Assets:                                                   
  Cash and cash equivalents                                $33.1     $27.0
  Accounts receivable                                      494.7     444.2
  Inventories                                              949.4     754.2
  Other current assets                                      42.6      35.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Current Assets                                     1,519.8   1,261.3
Net Property, Plant and Equipment                        2,013.5   1,610.0
Excess of Investments Over Net Assets Acquired             808.1     741.6
Investments and Other Assets                               102.9      55.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Assets                                            $4,444.3  $3,668.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                              
Current Liabilities:                                              
                                                          $ 95.2  $   49.4
  Notes payable
  Current portion of long-term debt                        269.0      24.2
  Trade accounts payable                                   274.7     258.6
  Accrued salaries and wages                                74.6      71.8
  Federal and state income taxes payable                    14.6      19.7
  Accrued interest payable                                   7.9       4.2
  Other current liabilities                                129.8     111.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Current Liabilities                                  865.8     539.8
Long-Term Debt                                           1,620.5   1,381.5
Deferred Income Taxes                                      479.7     440.5
Other Liabilities                                           10.6      16.8
Shareholders' Equity:                                             
  Common stock ($.10 par value) authorized 900 shares:            
    Class A-issued 79.7 shares in 1995 and 1994              8.0       8.0
    Class B-issued 68.5 shares in 1995 and 1994              6.8       6.8
  Capital in excess of par value                           377.9     391.4
  Retained earnings                                      1,162.3     953.8
  Currency translation adjustment                           (5.2)      1.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         1,549.8   1,361.2
  Less treasury stock, at cost- 3.4 shares in 1995 and            
     2.9 shares in 1994                                     79.2      68.7
  Less unamortized deferred compensation                     2.9       3.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Shareholders' Equity                               1,467.7   1,289.4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity              $4,444.3  $3,668.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>




                                      42
<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - FINANCIAL CONDITION

During fiscal 1995, working capital, noncurrent assets and long-term debt
were all impacted by various acquisitions. These factors should be considered
when analyzing the Company's financial condition.

At 1995 fiscal year end, working capital was $654 million compared to
$721.5 million at the end of 1994, a decrease of $67.5 million. The current
ratio for 1995 was 1.76 to 1 compared to 2.34 to 1 for 1994.  Working capital
and the current ratio have decreased from 1994 mainly due to an increase in
current portion of long-term debt mostly offset by increases in inventories.
Total assets have increased by $1.9 billion or 77.7% over the past five years
inclusive of acquisitions.  Additions, net of dispositions, to total
property, plant and equipment for the last five years were $1.5 billion
including acquisitions, an increase of 103.3% over the last five years. At
fiscal year end, the Company had construction projects in progress that will
require approximately $104.3 million to complete.  Funding for these
expenditures will be provided by cash from operations or additional
borrowings.

Long-term debt at fiscal year end was $1.62 billion, an increase of $239
million from fiscal 1994.  The increase in long-term debt is mainly due to
funds used for acquisitions.  The Company's unsecured revolving credit
facilities provide up to $1 billion of financing which support the Company's
commercial paper program.  At September 30, 1995, $1 billion was outstanding
under or supported by the financing facilities consisting of $955.3 million
of commercial paper and $44.7 million drawn under the revolving credit
facilities.  Additional outstanding debt at September 30, 1995, consisted of
$148.8 million of senior notes, $348.7 million of institutional notes, $35
million of bank notes and $88 million of other indebtedness.  Additionally,
at September 30, 1995, the Company had $269.7 million available under a
$500 million short-term revolving credit facility which supports the
Company's commercial paper program.

The revolving credit agreements and notes contain various covenants, the more
restrictive of which require maintenance of a minimum net worth, current
ratio, cash flow coverage of interest and a maximum total debt-to-
capitalization ratio. The Company is in compliance with these covenants.

The Company prefers maintaining a 50/50 fixed-to-floating debt ratio.
Management believes that, over the long-term, variable-rate debt may provide
more cost effective financing than fixed-rate debt; however, the Company will
issue fixed-rate debt if advantageous market opportunities arise.  At fiscal
year end, the Company had authority to issue $350 million of long-term debt
and had facilities in place to take advantage of marketplace opportunities.

Shareholders' equity increased 13.8% during 1995 and has grown at a
compounded annual rate of 17.2% over the past five years, inclusive of a
$213.9 million write-down of assets in 1994 and $205.2 million of Class A
stock issued in 1993.

During 1994, the Company initiated an open market stock repurchase program
which authorized the purchase of up to 15 million shares of the Company's
Class A common stock.  The Company intends to utilize shares repurchased to
fund employee benefit plans and increase treasury stock.  No timetable has
been set for completion of the repurchase program.  Through September 30,
1995, the Company had purchased approximately 3.7 million shares under this
repurchase program.
                                     43
<PAGE>
Tyson Foods, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Three years ended September 30, 1995
(In millions except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Common Stock           
                                         ------------------------------  
                                            Class A         Class B      Capital in
                                         ------------------------------  Excess of
                                         Shares Amount  Shares   Amount  Par Value
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>     <C>    <C>      <C>      <C>
Balance-October 3, 1992                  70.1    $7.0   68.5     $6.8     $187.4
  Purchase of treasury shares                                            
  Stock issued:                                                          
    Exercise of options                                                      1.1
    Business acquisitions                 9.6     1.0                      204.2
  Net income                                                             
  Amortization of deferred compensation                                  
  Cash dividends paid:
    ($.04 per share, Class A;                                            
     $.033 per share, Class B)                                           
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance-October 2, 1993                  79.7     8.0   68.5      6.8      392.7
  Purchase of treasury shares                                            
  Shares awarded for employee                                            
     stock plans                                                         
  Stock issued for exercise of options                                      (1.3)
  Net loss                                                               
  Amortization of deferred compensation                                  
  Currency translation adjustment                                        
  Cash dividends paid:                                                   
    ($.07 per share, Class A;                                            
    $.0583 per share, Class B)                                           
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance-October 1, 1994                  79.7     8.0   68.5      6.8      391.4
  Purchase of treasury shares                                            
  Stock issued for exercise of options                                     (13.5)
  Net income                                                             
  Amortization of deferred compensation                                  
  Currency translation adjustment                                        
  Cash dividends paid:                                                   
    ($.08 per share, Class A;                                            
     $.0667 per share, Class B)                                          
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance - September 30, 1995             79.7    $8.0   68.5     $6.8      $377.9
____________________________________________________________________________________
See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>







                                     44
<PAGE>




<TABLE>
<caption)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  Currency    Treasury Stock          Unamortized 
Retained       Translation -------------------           Deferred 
Earnings        Adjustment Shares      Amount        Compensation    Total
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>          <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>              <C>
  $790.6         $            1.1      $(9.7)          $(1.9)       $980.2
                              0.2       (4.2)                         (4.2)
                                                                  
                             (0.4)       2.5                           3.6
                                                                     205.2
   180.3                                                             180.3
                                                         1.0           1.0
                                                                  
                                                                  
    (5.4)                                                             (5.4)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   965.5                      0.9      (11.4)           (0.9)      1,360.7
                              2.8      (66.9)                        (66.9)
                                                                  
                             (0.2)       3.1            (3.1)     
                             (0.6)       6.5                           5.2
    (2.1)                                                             (2.1)
                                                         0.9           0.9
                 1.2                                                   1.2
                                                                  
                                                                  
    (9.6)                                                             (9.6)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   953.8         1.2          2.9      (68.7)           (3.1)      1,289.4
                              1.4      (32.0)                        (32.0)
                             (0.9)      21.5                           8.0
   219.2                                                             219.2
                                                         0.2           0.2
                (6.4)                                                 (6.4)
                                                                  
                                                                  
   (10.7)                                                            (10.7)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
$1,162.3       $(5.2)         3.4     $(79.2)          $(2.9)     $1,467.7
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>







                                    45
<PAGE>
Tyson Foods, Inc.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Three Years Ended September 30, 1995                            (In millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              1995         1994        1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>          <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                                                
  Net income (loss)                                         $219.2         $(2.1)      $180.3
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)                                         
    to cash provided by operating activities:                                        
    Depreciation                                             179.0         158.6        145.8
    Amortization                                              25.9          29.7         30.8
    Write-down of excess of investments over                                         
      net assets acquired and certain long-lived assets                    213.9
    Deferred income taxes                                     10.9          (2.4)         5.4
    Minority interest                                         (6.6)                  
    Foreign currency exchange loss                            15.6                   
    Loss on dispositions of property & equipment               3.6           2.8          0.7
    (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable               (29.6)       (307.4)        35.3
    Increase in inventories                                 (140.5)        (34.0)       (66.9)
    Increase (decrease) in trade accounts                                            
      payable                                                 12.8          35.6        (41.0)
    Net change in other current assets and                                           
      liabilities                                              1.0         (44.5)        18.0
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Provided by Operating Activities                        291.3          50.2        308.4
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:                                                
  Net cash paid for acquisitions                            (350.1)        (82.9)       (43.4)
  Additions to property, plant and equipment                (347.2)       (232.1)      (225.3)
  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment         20.1           8.5          7.4
  Net change in other assets and liabilities                 (53.8)         (3.7)       (41.4)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Used for Investing Activities                          (731.0)       (310.2)      (302.7)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                                                
  Net increase (decrease) in notes payable                    45.9           3.5        (29.2)
  Proceeds from long-term debt                               628.1         412.3        977.4
  Repayments of long-term debt                              (189.5)        (81.1)      (954.5)
  Purchase of treasury shares                                (32.0)        (66.9)        (4.2)
  Other                                                       (1.1)         (2.3)        (0.8)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities             451.4         265.5        (11.3)
Effect of Exchange Rate Change on Cash                        (5.6)                  
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increase (Decrease) in Cash                                    6.1           5.5         (5.6)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year                27.0          21.5         27.1
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year                     $33.1         $27.0         $21.5
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>





                                    46
<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - CASH FLOWS
In fiscal 1995, net cash of $291.3 million was provided by operating
activities. This was an increase of $241.1 million from 1994.  Comparability
between 1995 and 1994 was affected by a substantial increase in accounts
receivable in 1994 resulting from management's decision to discontinue an
accounts receivable sale agreement. The increase in inventories in 1995 was
largely due to servicing the sales growth base created by acquisitions and
internal expansion. Additionally, competitive pressures caused by increased
supplies of poultry and alternative red meats, along with shifts in product
mix have increased inventories. Financing activities provided net cash of
$451.4 million, primarily due to additional long-term debt.  The Company used
funds generated from operating and financing activities to fund additions to
property, plant and equipment and acquisitions. The expenditures for
property, plant and equipment were related to new equipment and building and
upgrading facilities to take advantage of marketing opportunities as well as
the Company's continuing effort to increase efficiencies, reduce overall cost
and meet or exceed environmental laws and regulations.

The Company's foreseeable cash needs for operations and capital expenditures
will continue to be met through cash flows from operations and additional
borrowings which are available to the Company. On June 7, 1995, the Company
issued $150 million of debt securities in the form of 6.75% notes due June 1,
2005. The net proceeds of the 6.75% notes were used to repay a portion of the
Company's borrowings under its commercial paper program. On July 20, 1995,
the Company commenced a program for the offering of debt securities in the
form of medium-term notes due from nine months to thirty years from the date
of issuance in the aggregate principal amount of up to $350 million. The net
proceeds from the sale of the medium-term notes or other forms of debt
securities may be used by the Company to refinance existing indebtedness, to
finance acquisitions as opportunities may arise or for other general
corporate purposes.

Subsequent to September 30, 1995, the Company issued $200 million of the $350
million medium-term notes, including $50 million in the form of 6.39-6.41%
medium-term notes due October 10, 2000 and $150 million in the form of 6.625%
medium-term notes due October 17, 2005.

WRITE-DOWN OF ASSETS
During the third quarter of fiscal 1994 the Company wrote down $191 million
of the excess of investments over net assets acquired, plus an additional $23
million for impaired long-lived assets of Arctic. The after-tax impact of
this write-down was approximately $205 million or $1.38 per share. Arctic
consistently performed below pre-acquisition expectations. The Company's
management attempted to open marketing and distribution channels for this
business, initiated cost reduction and efficiency measures, and explored
global expansion opportunities. Competition for the allowable resource of
fish in the waters of the Pacific Northwest became very intense in the past
few years. More vessels with greater production capacities were competing for
the limited quotas set by government regulatory agencies. Allocations toward
onshore processing created a competitive disadvantage for Arctic due to its
significant at-sea processing capabilities. Global expansion failed to
materialize in spite of extensive management efforts. Market prices which
rose significantly during the two years prior to acquisition declined to more
modest levels. These conditions led to shorter fishing seasons, less
production per vessel, significant excess production capacity and continuing
losses. After continued evaluation of business opportunities for Arctic,
management concluded that there was permanent impairment of the carrying
value of Arctic's intangible assets and certain other long-lived assets.
                                     47
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tyson Foods, Inc.

NOTE 1: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Tyson Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Fiscal Year: The Company utilizes a 52 or 53 week accounting period which
ends on the Saturday closest to September 30.

Cash and Cash Equivalents: Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-
term, highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or
less made as part of the Company's cash management activity. The carrying
values of these assets approximate their fair values.  As a result of the
Company's cash management system, checks issued but not presented to the
banks for payment may create negative cash balances.  Checks outstanding in
excess of related cash balances totaling approximately $129.9 million at
September 30, 1995 and $117.6 million at October 1, 1994, are included in
trade accounts payable, accrued salaries and wages and other current
liabilities.

Inventories: Inventories, valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out)
or market, consist of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  1995              1994
<S>                                          <C>             <C>
Dressed and further-processed products           $417.6           $346.8
Live poultry and hogs                             321.0            255.9
Seafood related products                           75.1             36.5
Hatchery eggs and feed                             58.6             44.1
Supplies                                           77.1             70.9
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $949.4           $754.2
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
Property, Plant and Equipment and Depreciation:  Depreciation is provided
primarily by the straight-line method using estimated lives for buildings and
leasehold improvements of 10 to 39 years; machinery and equipment of 3 to 12
years; vessels of 16 to 30 years; and other of 3 to 20 years. The major
categories of property, plant and equipment and accumulated depreciation, at
cost are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995          1994
<S>                                             <C>          <C>
Land                                             $   56.7      $   56.1
Buildings and leasehold improvements                866.4         676.1
Machinery and equipment                           1,725.9       1,452.2
Vessels                                             110.0         111.7
Land improvements and other                          86.9          70.5
Buildings and equipment under construction          200.7         143.2
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  3,046.6       2,509.8
Less accumulated depreciation                     1,033.1         899.8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 $2,013.5      $1,610.0
</TABLE>                            48
<PAGE>
The Company capitalized interest costs of $3.1 million in 1995, $2 million in
1994 and $1.6 million in 1993 as part of the cost of major asset construction
projects. Approximately $104.3 million will be required to complete
construction projects in progress at September 30, 1995.

Excess of Investments Over Net Assets Acquired:  Costs in excess of net
assets of businesses purchased are amortized on a straight-line basis over
periods ranging from 15 to 40 years. The carrying value of excess of
investments over net assets acquired is reviewed at each balance sheet date
to determine if facts and circumstances suggest that it may be impaired.  If
this review indicates that the excess of investments over net assets acquired
may not be recoverable, an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows of the
entity acquired is prepared and the Company's carrying value of excess of
investments over net assets acquired will be reduced by the estimated
shortfall of cash flows.  At September 30, 1995 and October 1, 1994, the
accumulated amortization of excess of investments over net assets acquired
was $128.9 million and $106.7 million, respectively.

Capital Stock: Holders of Class B stock may convert such stock into Class A
stock on a share for share basis. The holders of Class B stock are entitled
to ten votes per share while the holders of Class A stock are entitled to one
vote per share on matters submitted to shareholders for approval. Cash
dividends cannot be paid to the holders of Class B stock unless they are
simultaneously paid to the holders of Class A stock, and the per share amount
of the cash dividend paid to the holders of Class B stock cannot exceed 90%
of the cash dividend simultaneously paid to the holders of Class A stock.

During 1994, the Company initiated an open market stock repurchase program
which authorized the purchase of up to 15 million shares of the Company's
Class A stock.  The Company intends to utilize shares repurchased to fund
employee benefit plans and increase treasury stock.  No timetable has been
set for completion of the repurchase program.  Through September 30, 1995,
the Company had purchased approximately 3.7 million shares under this
repurchase program.

Foreign Currency Translation:  All foreign affiliates have a foreign
functional currency.  Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign
affiliates are translated at current exchange rates, while income and
expenses are translated at average rates for the period.  Translation gains
and losses are reported as a component of shareholders' equity.

Earnings Per Share: Earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by
the weighted average number of shares and share equivalents outstanding
during each year.

Income Taxes: The Company follows the liability method in accounting for
deferred income taxes. The liability method provides that deferred tax
liabilities are recorded at currently enacted tax rates based on the
difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their carrying
amounts for financial reporting purposes, referred to as temporary
differences.

Advertising and Promotion Expenses: Advertising and promotion expenses are
charged to operations in the period incurred. Advertising and promotion
expenses for 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $193.3 million, $183.6 million and
$193.5 million, respectively.


                                     49
<PAGE>
Future Accounting Change: The Company plans to adopt Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 121 (SFAS No. 121), "Accounting for the Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of", effective
October 1, 1995.  Under SFAS No. 121, impairment losses are recognized when
information indicates the carrying amount of long-lived assets, identifiable
intangibles and goodwill related to those assets will not be recovered
through future operations or sale.  Impairment losses for assets to be held
or used in operations will be based on the excess of the carrying amount of
the asset over the assets fair value.  Assets held for disposal, except for
discontinued operations, will be carried at the lower of carrying amount or
fair value less cost to sell.  SFAS No. 121 will be applied prospectively
from the date of adoption and, based on current circumstances, management
does not believe the effect of adoption will be material.

NOTE 2: ACQUISITIONS AND WRITE-DOWN OF ASSETS

On January 19, 1995, the Company completed the purchase of the Star of
Kodiak, a fish processing facility in Kodiak, Alaska, from All Alaskan
Seafoods, Inc.  On June 26, 1995, the Company completed the purchase of
Multifoods Seafood, Inc. and JAC Creative Foods, Inc., with combined annual
sales of $65 million, from International Multifoods Corporation.  On
September 1, 1995, the Company acquired the U.S. broiler business of Cargill
with operations in Georgia and Florida.  The U.S. broiler business of Cargill
had 1994 sales of approximately $268 million.  On September 5, 1995, the
Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of McCarty, an integrated
poultry company with all of its operations in Mississippi.  McCarty's 1994
sales were approximately $320 million.  The total cost of all of these
acquisitions was approximately $368.7 million including cash paid and assets
exchanged.

On January 6, 1994, the Company acquired Gorges and certain related assets.
Gorges is a beef further-processing company with 1993 sales of approximately
$55 million. On April 19, 1994, the Company increased its 18% ownership
interest to 50.1% in Trasgo.  With 1993 sales of approximately $140 million,
Trasgo is the third largest poultry producer and processor in Mexico, serving
both retail and foodservice markets.  Effective July 3, 1994, the Company
acquired certain assets of Culinary, a manufacturer and processor of value-
added specialty frozen foods with 1993 sales of approximately $70 million.
On August 18, 1994, the Company increased its 50% ownership interest to 100%
in Cobb-Vantress, Inc., one of the world's leading suppliers of breeding
stock to the broiler industry with 1993 sales of approximately $35 million,
excluding sales to Tyson.

These transactions have been accounted for as purchases, and the results of
operations for these acquisitions have been included in the Company's
consolidated results of operations since the acquisition dates. Pro forma
operating results are not presented as they would not differ materially from
actual results for 1995, 1994 and 1993.

During the third quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company recorded the write-down
of the excess of investments over net assets acquired totaling approximately
$191 million plus an additional $23 million for impaired long-lived assets of
Arctic.  The impact of this write-down after-tax was approximately $205
million or $1.38 per share.




                                     50
<PAGE>
Government restrictions on fishing, intense industry competition and
fluctuations in market prices continued to adversely affect Arctic.  Based on
Arctic's continued performance below pre-acquisition expectations, the
Company made an impairment evaluation and determined that Arctic's balance of
excess of investments over net assets acquired would not be recovered.

The methodology used to assess the recoverability of Arctic's excess of
investments over net assets acquired involved projecting aggregate cash
flows. The Company's projection assumes that Arctic's sales volumes and
prices would be comparable to the results for 1994. Due to government
restrictions on fishing and the addition into the fishing waters of the North
Pacific of new higher production capacity vessels by competitors, the Company
did not assume any increases in volume for the projected cash flows. The
aggregate undiscounted value of these projected cash flows were sufficient
only to recover a portion of the carrying value of the tangible net assets of
Arctic and would not provide any recovery of the $191 million of excess of
investments over net assets acquired related to Arctic. Additionally, the
Company's projection indicated that approximately $23 million of Arctic's
long-lived assets were impaired. The Company believes that its projection,
based on recent historic trends and current market conditions, is its best
estimate of Arctic's future performance, although there can be no assurances
that such estimates will be indicative of future results, which ultimately
may be less than or greater than these estimates.

NOTE 3: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND CREDIT RISK CONCENTRATION
Off-Balance Sheet Risk: The Company periodically enters into foreign exchange
forward contracts to hedge some of its foreign currency exposure.  Foreign
exchange forward contracts are legal agreements between two parties to
purchase and sell a foreign currency, for a price specified at the contract
date, with delivery and settlement in the future.  The Company uses such
contracts to hedge exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates
associated with certain assets and obligations denominated in foreign
currency. The Company also hedges exposure to changes in interest rates on
certain of its financial instruments.  At September 30, 1995, the Company had
outstanding $200 million in treasury lock transactions.  These contracts
matured in October, 1995.  Gains and losses are recognized concurrently with
the transaction gains and losses from the associated exposures.

Concentrations of Credit Risk: The Company's financial instruments that are
exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash
equivalents and trade receivables.  The Company's cash equivalents are in
high quality securities placed with major banks and financial institutions.
Concentrations of credit risk with respect to receivables are limited due to
the large number of customers and their dispersion across geographic areas.
The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers' financial
condition and generally does not require collateral. At September 30, 1995,
the Company did not have significant credit risk concentrations. No single
group or customer represents greater than 10% of total accounts receivable.


NOTE 4: INCOME TAXES
At the beginning of fiscal 1994, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (SFAS No. 109).
This statement supersedes Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 96
(SFAS No. 96), the method previously followed by the Company. Both SFAS No.
109 and SFAS No. 96 require the liability method be used to account for
deferred income taxes. The liability method provides that deferred tax

                                     51
<PAGE>
liabilities are recorded at current tax rates based on the difference between
the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for
financial reporting purposes referred to as temporary differences. The effect
of adoption of SFAS No. 109 did not affect the Company's financial position
or results of operations.

Detail of the provision for income taxes consists of:
<TABLE>                                                        (In millions)
<CAPTION>
                                       1995          1994          1993
<S>                               <C>          <C>            <C>
Federal                              $117.2        $107.4        $114.5
State                                  13.8          13.3          14.8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     $131.0       $120.7        $129.3
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current                              $120.1        $123.1        $123.9
Deferred                               10.9          (2.4)          5.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     $131.0        $120.7        $129.3
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The reasons for the difference between the effective income tax rate and the
statutory U.S. federal income tax rate are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
                                               1995      1994      1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. federal income tax rate                   35.0 %     35.0 %   35.0 %
Write-down of excess of investments over                         
  net assets acquired                                     62.6
Amortization of excess of investments                            
   over net assets acquired                     2.1        2.8      2.8
State income taxes                              2.6        2.8      3.1
Effect of tax rate increase on deferred                          
   income taxes                                                     2.9
Other differences, net                         (1.6)      (1.4)    (2.0)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               38.1 %    101.8 %   41.8 %
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant
components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities as of September 30, 1995
and October 1, 1994 are as follows:                        (In millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1995         1994
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>
Basis difference in property, plant and equipment       $255.7       $227.4
Suspended taxes from conversion to accrual method        150.2        150.2
Other                                                     73.8         62.9
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        $479.7       $440.5
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
                                     52
<PAGE>
The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 required family-owned farming
businesses to use the accrual method of accounting for tax purposes. Internal
Revenue Code Section 447(i) provides that if any family corporation is
required to change its method of accounting for any taxable year, such
corporation shall establish a suspense account in lieu of taking the
adjustments into taxable income. The suspense account, which represents the
initial catch-up adjustment to change from the cash to accrual method of
accounting, is not currently includable in the Company's taxable income and
any related income taxes are deferred. However, the deferred amount will be
included in taxable income if the business ceases to be family-owned or if
gross receipts from farming activities in future years drop below certain
1987 levels. A corporation is family-owned when at least 50 percent of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the corporation are
owned by family members of the same family. Both of the deferral conditions
relative to ownership and gross receipts continue to be met by the Company.
The Company also believes that these conditions will continue to be met for
the foreseeable future.

NOTE 5: LONG-TERM DEBT
Long-term debt consists of the following:                (In millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Maturity     1995          1994
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>
Commercial paper:                                                 
  (5.90% effective rate at 9/30/95)     2000           $955.3        $852.2
Debt securities:                                                  
    6.75% notes                         2005            148.8     
Institutional notes:                                              
   10.33% notes                         1996-1999       135.0         135.0
   10.61% notes                         1999-2001       125.0         125.0
   10.75% notes                         1996             13.0          26.0
   10.84% notes                         2002-2006        50.0          50.0
   11.375% notes                        1996-2001        25.7          30.0
Revolving credit facility                                         
   (5.95% effective rate at 9/30/95)    2000             44.7          57.0
Bank loans                                                        
   (8.90% effective rate at 9/30/95)    1997             35.0          30.0
Other                                   various          88.0          76.3
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     $1,620.5      $1,381.5
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The Company has unsecured revolving credit agreements totaling $1 billion
which support the Company's commercial paper program.  These credit
agreements expire in May, 2000.  At September 30, 1995, $1 billion was
outstanding under the financing facilities.   Additionally, at September 30,
1995, the Company had $269.7 million available under a $500 million short-
term revolving credit facility which supports the Company's commercial paper
program.

On June 7, 1995, the Company issued $150 million of debt securities in the
form of 6.75% notes due June 1, 2005.  On July 20, 1995, the Company
commenced a program for the offer of debt securities in the form of medium-
term notes due from nine months to thirty years from the date of issuance in
the aggregate principal amount of up to $350 million.


                                     53
<PAGE>
Subsequent to September 30, 1995, the Company issued $200 million of the $350
million medium-term notes, including $50 million in the form of 6.39-6.41%
medium-term notes due October 10, 2000 and $150 million in the form of 6.625%
medium-term notes due October 17, 2005.

Annual maturities of long-term debt for the five years subsequent to
September 30, 1995 are: 1996-$269 million; 1997-$103.7 million; 1998-$84.6
million; 1999-$66.4 million and 2000-$1,067.2 million.

The revolving credit agreements and notes contain various covenants, the more
restrictive of which require maintenance of a minimum net worth, current
ratio, cash flow coverage of interest and fixed charges and a maximum total
debt-to-capitalization ratio.  The Company is in compliance with these
covenants.

The fair value of long-term debt, at September 30, 1995, determined based
upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the Company's
incremental borrowing rate for debt of the same remaining maturities, was
approximately $1.7 billion.

The weighted average interest rate on all outstanding short-term borrowings
was 6.7% at September 30, 1995 and 5.0% at October 1, 1994.


NOTE 6: CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS
Contingencies: The Company is involved in various lawsuits and claims made by
third parties on an ongoing basis as a result of its day-to-day operations,
including the following matter relating to Arctic.  On September 8, 1993, the
State of Alaska, after conducting investigations, filed a Complaint for
Forfeiture and Damages alleging that certain Arctic vessels participated in
the use of certain fishing gear during 1990, 1991 and 1992.  While management
is not able at the present time to determine the outcome of these matters,
based upon information currently available, management presently believes
that the probability is remote that its resolution will have a material
adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

Operating Leases: The Company leases certain farms and other properties and
equipment for which the total rentals thereon approximated $37.9 million in
1995, $29.6 million in 1994, and $26.5 million in 1993. Most farm leases are
for a three year term and are renewable for a total of nine additional years.
The most significant obligations assumed under the terms of the leases are
the upkeep of the facilities and payment of insurance and property taxes.

Lease Commitments: Minimum lease commitments under noncancelable leases at
September 30, 1995 total $107.1 million composed of $35.8 million for 1996,
$26.1 million for 1997, $16.9 million for 1998, $11.5 million for 1999,
$8.2 million for 2000 and $8.6 million for later years.

The Company assists certain of its swine and poultry growers in obtaining
financing for growout facilities by providing the growers with extended
growout contracts and conditional operation of the facilities should a grower
default under their growout or loan agreement.

Redeemable Preferred Stock: Trasgo has a class of mandatorily redeemable
preferred stock, for which the redemption price is cumulative and determined
based upon "excess profits" in years from 1994 to 1999, as defined in the
shareholders agreement.  This price cannot be reasonably estimated at this

                                     54
<PAGE>
time, but cannot exceed $29.5 million.  Trasgo cannot pay dividends until all
of this preferred stock is redeemed.  This redemption must take place by the
year 2000.  This preferred stock is included in minority interests in
subsidiaries classified as other liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets.

NOTE 7: RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK OPTIONS
In 1994, the Company awarded 130,000 restricted shares of Class A stock to
employees.  The restrictions expire over periods ranging from ten to twenty-
six years. The unamortized portion is classified on the consolidated balance
sheet as deferred compensation in shareholders' equity. In 1989, the Company
issued 615,912 restricted shares of Class A stock to employees which are no
longer restricted as to transferability. In 1994 and 1993, restrictions were
removed from 73,119 shares and 82,943 shares, respectively, and the related
unamortized deferred compensation was expensed.

The Company has qualified (6 million shares authorized) and nonqualified (1.5
million shares authorized) stock option plans, both of which provide for the
granting of options for shares of Class A stock at a price not less than the
fair market value at the date of grant. The options generally become
exercisable ratably over five to eight years from the date of grant and must
be exercised within ten years of the grant date. Activity for the plans for
1995, 1994 and 1993 was as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Option Price
                                                 ---------------------------
                                    Shares        Per Share       Total
                                 Under Option                  (In millions)
<S>                             <C>            <C>             <C>
Outstanding, October 3, 1992       1,786,507     $7.50-11.94     $16.1
Exercised                           (415,699)     6.91-11.94      (3.6)
Canceled                             (85,291)     6.94-21.63      (0.9)
Granted                            2,247,512      6.91-21.63      40.9
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding, October 2, 1993       3,533,029      6.92-21.63      52.5
Exercised                           (599,804)     6.92-11.94      (5.2)
Canceled                            (156,073)     6.93-21.63      (2.9)
Granted                              790,400           21.50      17.0
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding, October 1, 1994       3,567,552      7.19-21.63      61.4
Exercised                           (963,510)     7.19-11.94      (8.0)
Canceled                            (156,445)     7.25-21.63      (3.1)
Granted                              297,850           21.75       6.5
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding, September 30, 1995    2,745,447     $7.24-21.75     $56.8
Exercisable, September 30, 1995      247,342                   
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The remainder of the options are exercisable ratably through April, 2005.

NOTE 8: TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
The Company has operating leases for farms, equipment and other facilities
with the Senior Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and certain
members of his family, as well as a trust controlled by him, for rentals of
$7.0 million in 1995, $6.8 million in 1994 and $6.4 million in 1993. Other
facilities, including a cold storage distribution facility, are also leased

                                     55
<PAGE>
from the Company's profit sharing plan and other officers and directors for
rentals totaling $7.1 million in 1995, $6.7 million in 1994 and $6.2 million
in 1993.

Certain officers and directors are engaged in poultry and swine growout
operations with the Company whereby these individuals purchase animals, feed,
housing and other items to raise the animals to market weight. The total
value of these transactions amounted to $11.2 million in 1995, $11.4 million
in 1994 and $11.3 million in 1993.

NOTE 9: BENEFIT PLANS
The Company has defined contribution retirement and incentive benefit
programs for various groups of Company personnel. Discretionary Company
contributions which are determined by the Board of Directors totaled $25.1
million, $21.7 million and $19.6 million for the years ending 1995, 1994 and
1993, respectively.

NOTE 10: SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Supplemental cash flow information and noncash investing and financing
activities are as follows:                        (In millions)

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         1995          1994         1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>          <C>
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION                               
    Cash paid during the period for:                             
      Interest                          $115.0        $ 89.9       $ 72.3
      Income Taxes                      $124.4        $123.2       $117.6
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUPPLEMENTAL NONCASH INVESTING AND                               
  FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                           
    Capital asset and lease                                      
      obligation additions              $ 40.0                   
    Acquisitions:                                                
      Fair value of assets acquired                   $124.0     
      Liabilities assumed                             (109.2)    
      Fair value of assets exchanged    $ 18.6        $(14.8)    
      Stock issued                                                $(205.2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Supplemental Sales Information: The Company sells certain of its products in
foreign markets, primarily Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and other Far Eastern
and certain Middle Eastern countries, as well as in Canada, Russia and the
Caribbean Islands. The Company's export sales for fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993
totaled $606.1 million, $472.7 million and $352 million, respectively.
Substantially all of the Company's export sales are transacted through
unaffiliated brokers and marketing associations.  Foreign sales were less
than 10% of total consolidated sales for fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.






                                     56
<PAGE>
NOTE 11: QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (Unaudited)

                                        (In millions except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Net        Earnings
                                         Gross        Income     (Loss) Per
Quarter Ended              Sales         Margin       (Loss)        Share
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
12-31-94                 $1,326.3      $  268.9      $ 52.2        $ .36
04-01-95                  1,343.1         270.1        50.5          .35
07-01-95                  1,362.3         267.8        57.7          .40
09-30-95                  1,479.5         281.3        58.8          .40
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fiscal 1995              $5,511.2      $1,088.1      $219.2        $1.51
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
01-01-94                 $1,152.8        $217.4     $  44.4       $  .30
04-02-94                  1,261.9         222.5        43.1          .29
07-02-94                  1,307.7         256.7      (148.4)       (1.00)
10-01-94                  1,387.9         264.6        58.8          .40
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fiscal 1994              $5,110.3        $961.2     $  (2.1)      $ (.01)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
PRICE OF COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK (Nasdaq stock market)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               Fiscal Year 1995         Fiscal Year 1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               High         Low         High         Low
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
First Quarter                  24 1/8      20 7/8       24 1/8      21 1/8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Second Quarter                 25          20 3/4       25          18 3/4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Third Quarter                  24 7/8      21 3/4       23 3/4      18 7/8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fourth Quarter                 27 1/4      22 3/4       25          22 7/8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>










                                     57
<PAGE>
Report of Management

The management of Tyson Foods, Inc. (the Company) has the responsibility of
preparing the accompanying financial statements and is responsible for their
integrity and objectivity. The statements were prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. Such
financial statements are necessarily based, in part, on best estimates and
judgments.

The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls, and a program
of internal auditing designed to provide reasonable assurance that the
Company's assets are protected and that transactions are executed in
accordance with established authorization, and are properly recorded. This
system of internal accounting controls is continually reviewed and modified
in response to changing business conditions and operations and to
recommendations made by the independent auditors and the internal auditors.
The management of the Company believes that the accounting and control
systems provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and
financial information is reliable.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with the
Company's financial management and counsel, with the Company's internal
auditors, and with the independent auditors engaged by the Company. These
meetings include discussions of internal accounting controls and the quality
of financial reporting. The independent auditors and the Internal Audit
Department have free and independent access to the Audit Committee to discuss
the results of their audits or any other matters relating to the Company's
financial affairs.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by Ernst
& Young LLP, independent auditors.

November 13, 1995



/s/Leland Tollett
- -----------------
Leland Tollett
Chairman of the Board and
   Chief Executive Officer


/s/Gerald Johnston
- ------------------
Gerald Johnston
Executive Vice President, Finance











                                     58
<PAGE>
Report of Independent Auditors

Board of Directors and Shareholders
Tyson Foods, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tyson Foods,
Inc. as of September 30, 1995 and October 1, 1994, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 1995. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Tyson Foods,
Inc. at September 30, 1995 and October 1, 1994, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended September 30, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.



Little Rock, Arkansas                              /s/Ernst & Young LLP
November 13, 1995                                  --------------------
                                                      Ernst & Young LLP























                                     59
<PAGE>
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Neely Cassady              Leland E. Tollett          John H. Tyson
Private Investor and       Chairman of the Board and  President,
Arkansas State Senator     Chief Executive Officer,   Beef and Pork Division,
                           Tyson Foods, Inc.          Tyson Foods, Inc.
                                                      
Lloyd V. Hackley                                      
President,                 Barbara Tyson              Fred S. Vorsanger
North Carolina             Vice President,            Vice President (Emeritus)
Community College System   Tyson Foods, Inc.          University of Arkansas
                                                      and Private Investor
                                                      
Shelby D. Massey           Don Tyson                  Donald E. Wray
Private Investor           Senior Chairman            President and Chief
                           of the Board,              Operating Officer,
Joe F. Starr               Tyson Foods, Inc.          Tyson Foods, Inc.
Vice President,                                       
Tyson Foods, Inc.                                     
                                                      
                                                      
CORPORATE OFFICERS                                    
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leland E. Tollett          Gerald Johnston            Gary Johnson
Chairman of the Board and  Executive Vice President,  Corporate Controller
Chief Executive Officer    Finance
                                                      William Whitfield
Donald E. Wray             Mary Rush                  Operations Controller
President and Chief        Secretary and Director of  
Operating Officer          Investor Relations
                                                      David L. Van Bebber
                           Dennis Leatherby           Assistant Secretary
                           Treasurer                  
                                                      
                                                      
OPERATIONAL OFFICERS                                  
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wayne Britt                William P. Jaycox          David S. Purtle
Senior Vice President,     Senior Vice President,     Executive Vice President,
International Sales,       Human Resources            Operations,
Marketing and Operations                              Transportaion and
                           Greg Lee                   Warehousing
Roy Brown                  Executive Vice President,  
Senior Vice President,     Sales, Marketing and       John H. Tyson
Seafood Division           Technical Services         President,
                                                      Beef and Pork Division
                                                      









                                     60
<PAGE>
CORPORATE INFORMATION




CORPORATE DATA                               HEADQUARTERS
Tyson Foods, Inc. is the world's largest     2210 West Oaklawn Drive
fully-integrated producer, processor and     Springdale, Arkansas 72762-6999
marketer of poultry-based food products as   Telephone (501) 290-4000
well as a significant producer and marketer  Fax (501) 290-4061
of other center-of-the-plate and             
convenience food items.  The common stock    TRANSFER AGENT
of the Company is traded on the Nasdaq       First Chicago Trust Company
stock market's National Market under the       of New York
symbol "TYSNA".                              P.O. Box 2506
                                             Jersey City, New Jersey 07303
FORM 10-K REPORT AVAILABLE                   
A copy of Tyson Foods, Inc.'s Form 10-K      GENERAL COUNSEL
Report, as filed with the Securities and     James B. Blair, Esquire
Exchange Commission for 1995, may be         3422 N. College
obtained by Tyson shareholders by            Suite 3
writing to:                                  Fayetteville, Arkansas 72703
Corporate Secretary                          
Tyson Foods, Inc.                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
P.O. Box 2020                                Ernst & Young LLP
Springdale, Arkansas 72765-2020              425 West Capitol
                                             Suite 3600
ANNUAL MEETING                               Little Rock, Arkansas 72201
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be   
held at 10 a.m., January 12, 1996, at        
the Walton Arts Center, Fayetteville,        
Arkansas. Shareholders who cannot attend     
the meeting are urged to exercise their      
right to vote by proxy.                      

                                             
Tyson Foods, Inc.'s DirectSERVICE
Shareholder Investment Program

During the second quarter of fiscal 1996,
Tyson Foods will be implementing its 
DirectSERVICE Shareholder Investment Program
for current shareholders and any individual
investor wishing to become a Tyson Foods
shareholder.  The program will provide many
flexible features to allow you to customize
your account to reflect your individual financial
situation and accomplish your investment objectives.
More details will be available shortly. 









                                     61
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>























































<PAGE>           EXHIBIT 21 - SUBSIDIARIES OF TYSON FOODS, INC.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Jurisdiction of       Names Under Which
      Name                   Incorporation     Subsidiary Does Business
- -----------------           ---------------    ------------------------
<S>                         <S>                  <S>
Cobb-Vantress, Inc.          Delaware             Cobb-Vantress, Inc.
Cobb Breeding Company Ltd    United Kingdom       Cobb Breeding Company Ltd
Cobb Denmark A/S             Denmark              Cobb Denmark A/S
Cobb France E.U.R.L.         France               Cobb France E.U.R.L.
Culinary Foods, Inc.         Delaware             Culinary Foods, Inc.
Global Employment            Delaware             Global Employment
    Services Inc.                                      Services Inc.
Gorges Foodservice, Inc.     Texas                Gorges Foodservice, Inc.
Henry House, Inc.            Michigan             Henry House, Inc.
JAC Creative Foods,          California           JAC Creative Foods,
    Inc.                                               Inc.
JAC Creative Foods (Canada)  Ontario              JAC Creative Foods,
    Inc.                                               Inc.
JAC Creative Foods of        Delaware             JAC Creative Foods of
    Minnesota, Inc.                                    Minnesota, Inc.
McCarty Farms, Inc.          Mississippi          McCarty Farms, Inc.
McCarty Foods, Inc.          Mississippi          McCarty Foods, Inc.
National Comp Care Inc.      Delaware             National Comp Care Inc.
TyNet Corporation            Delaware             Tynet Corporation
Tyson Breeders, Inc.         Delaware             Tyson Breeders, Inc.
Tyson Enterprise             Alaska               Tyson Enterprise
    Seafood, Inc.                                     Seafood, Inc.
Tyson Enterprise             Alaska               Tyson Enterprise
    Protein, Inc.                                     Protein, Inc.
Tyson Export Sales,          U.S. Virgin Islands  Tyson Export Sales,
    Inc.                                               Inc.
Tyson Farms, Inc.            North Carolina       Tyson Farms, Inc.
Tyson Farms of Texas,        Texas                Tyson Farms of Texas,
    Inc.                                              Inc.
Tyson Foods of Alabama       Alabama              Tyson Foods of Alabama
    Inc.                                              Inc.
Tyson Holding Company        Delaware             Tyson Holding Company
Tyson International          Bermuda              Tyson International
    Company, Ltd.                                     Company, Ltd.
Tyson International          Delaware             Tyson International
    Holding Company                                   Holding Company
Tyson Marketing, Ltd.        Ontario              Tyson Marketing, Ltd.
Tyson Seafood Group, Inc.    Washington           Tyson Seafood Group, Inc.
We Care Workers              Delaware             We Care Workers
    Compensation, Inc.                                Compensation, Inc.
WLR Acquisition Corp.        Delaware             WLR Acquisition Corp.
World Resource, Inc.         Delaware             World Resource, Inc.
</TABLE>
     The Company considers the foregoing to be its primary operating
subsidiaries.  Certain other subsidiaries which do not meet in the
aggregate the definition of a significant subsidiary as defined in
Rule 1-02 (v) of Regulation S-X have been excluded from this exhibit.

AAFC Holdings, Ltd.          Yukon corporation
AAFC International, Inc.     U.S. Virgin Islands corporation
Arctic Fisheries             Washington corporation
Off Shore Ventures, Inc.     Washington corporation
                                    62
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>























































<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 23

                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report
(Form 10-K) of Tyson Foods, Inc. of our report dated November 13, 1995,
included in the 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders of Tyson Foods, Inc.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 33-30680; 33-20586; 2-81928; 2-44550; 33-53028;
and 33-53026, as amended by 33-57515) pertaining to certain employee
benefit plans of Tyson Foods, Inc. and the Registration Statement (Form S-3
No. 33-58177) and the related Prospectus of our reports dated November 13,
1995, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of
Tyson Foods, Inc. included or incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 1995.


/s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
- ---------------------
    ERNST & YOUNG LLP

    December 1, 1995
    Little Rock, Arkansas


































                                    63
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>























































<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THE SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE FISCAL
1995 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<CIK> 0000100493
<NAME> TYSON FOODS, INC.
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          SEP-30-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               SEP-30-1995
<CASH>                                              33
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                      498
<ALLOWANCES>                                         4
<INVENTORY>                                        949
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 1,520
<PP&E>                                           3,047
<DEPRECIATION>                                   1,033
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                   4,444
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                              866
<BONDS>                                          1,621
<COMMON>                                            15
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                       1,453
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                     4,444
<SALES>                                          5,511
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 5,511
<CGS>                                            4,423
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                    4,423
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                    13
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 115
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    344
<INCOME-TAX>                                       131
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                219
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                       219
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.51
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.51
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
