<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNION CAMP 10-K
<TEXT>




<PAGE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            -----------------------
                                   FORM 10-K
                            -----------------------
(Mark One)

[X] ANNUAL REPORT  PURSUANT  TO SECTION 13  OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
    For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994

                                       OR

[ ] TRANSITION  REPORT  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  13  OR  15(d)  OF  THE SECURITIES
    EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]
    For the transition period from                to
   
                         Commission file number 1-4001

                            -----------------------

                             UNION CAMP CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          VIRGINIA                                               13-5652423
   (State or Other Jurisdiction of                            (I.R.S. Employer
    Incorporation or Organization)                           Identification No.)
  1600 VALLEY ROAD, WAYNE, NEW JERSEY                              07470
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                        (Zip Code)

       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE:(201) 628-2000

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

                                                          NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
      TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                  ON WHICH REGISTERED
    Common Stock, $1 par value                           New York Stock Exchange
    Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                      Pacific Stock Exchange
    8 5/8% Sinking Fund                                  New York Stock Exchange
    Debentures Due April 15, 2016                        Pacific Stock Exchange
                                                         New York Stock Exchange


        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE

      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all  reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)  of  the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding  12  months
(or  for such shorter period that the Registrant was required  to
file  such  reports)  and  (2) has been subject  to  such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [x] No [ ]

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

<PAGE>

      On March 3, 1995,  70,050,045 shares of Registrant's  Common Stock, $1 par
value, were  outstanding.  On March 3, 1995, the closing price per share for the
Common Stock as reported on the Composite Tape for issues listed on the New York
Stock  Exchange  was $50.00 and the  aggregate  market value of the Common Stock
held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $3,502,502,250.

               DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

      Portions of Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1994 (the "Union Camp 1994 Annual  Report") are  incorporated
by reference in Parts I, II and IV of this Form 10-K.

      Portions of Registrant's Proxy Statement, dated March 20, 1995 (the "Union
Camp 1995 Proxy  Statement"),  are incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




    COPIES OF THE EXHIBITS MAY BE OBTAINED BY STOCKHOLDERS  UPON WRITTEN REQUEST
    DIRECTED TO THE SECRETARY, UNION CAMP CORPORATION,  1600 VALLEY ROAD, WAYNE,
    NEW JERSEY 07470,  ACCOMPANIED BY A CHECK IN THE AMOUNT OF $10.00 PAYABLE TO
    UNION CAMP  CORPORATION  TO COVER  PROCESSING  AND MAILING  COSTS.  COSTS OF
    INDIVIDUAL EXHIBITS ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY.

<PAGE>




                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Union Camp Corporation is a Virginia corporation resulting from a merger in
1956  of  Union  Bag and  Paper  Corporation  and  Camp  Manufacturing  Company,
Incorporated.   Predecessor   businesses   were   started   in  1861  and  1887,
respectively.  As used in this Report,  the terms "Union Camp" and the "Company"
mean Union Camp  Corporation and its subsidiaries  unless the context  otherwise
requires.

     Union Camp's  principal  business  segments are the manufacture and sale of
paper and  paperboard,  packaging  products and wood products and the production
and sale of  chemicals,  including  flavors and  fragrances.  Information  about
developments  during  1994  relating  to Union  Camp's  business  appears in the
following  portions of the Union Camp 1994 Annual Report and is  incorporated by
reference in this Item 1: the text under the caption "Packaging Group" on page 9
other than the introductory paragraph and page 11 other than the last paragraph;
the text under the  caption  "Fine  Paper" on page 13 and page 15 other than the
last  paragraph;  the text under the caption  "Chemical  Group" on page 17 other
than the introductory,  the fourth and last paragraph and the last two sentences
of the seventh paragraph,  page 18 and page 19 other than the last two sentences
of the last paragraph;  the text under the caption "Forest  Resources  Group" on
page 21 other than the introductory and last paragraphs,  page 22 other than the
last sentence of the first  paragraph and page 23 other than the last paragraph.
Information  about the Company's  research and  development  activities  appears
under  the  caption  "Research  and  Development  Costs"  in Note 1 of  Notes to
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  on page 36 of the Union  Camp  1994  Annual
Report and is incorporated by reference in this Item 1.

     Revenue,  operating  profits  and other  financial  data for the  principal
business  segments  and for the foreign and domestic  operations  and the dollar
amounts of export  sales of Union Camp for the years ended  December  31,  1994,
1993  and 1992  appear in Note 15 of Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                       1
<PAGE>

on page 42 of the  Union  Camp  1994  Annual  Report  and  are  incorporated  by
reference  in this Item 1. The  international  operations  of Union Camp and its
subsidiaries  are  subject  to the  risks of doing  business  abroad,  including
currency  fluctuations,  foreign government  regulation and changes in political
environments.

     During 1994,  Union Camp's  consolidated  sales and  operating  profit were
generated primarily by domestic operations.

PAPER AND PAPERBOARD

     Union Camp's Fine Paper Division produces bleached paper and paperboard and
its Kraft Paper and Board Division  produces  unbleached  paper and  paperboard.
Those  products  are its largest  contributors  to profits.  Union  Camp's total
production  of  bleached  and  unbleached  paper  and  paperboard  in  1994  was
approximately  3,412,000  tons,  of which about 59% was  unbleached  and 41% was
bleached.

     The  Company  operates  four  large  paper  mills  at  Savannah,   Georgia,
Prattville,  Alabama, Franklin,  Virginia and Eastover, South Carolina. They are
fully  integrated in that all pulp required to support  paper  manufacturing  is
produced at the mill sites.  Combined  operating  capacity  is  estimated  to be
approximately 3.6 million tons in 1995.

     The Savannah,  Georgia mill produces unbleached kraft linerboard and paper,
including  saturating  kraft,  a specialized  paper which is used by others as a
backing material for decorative and industrial laminates. Unbleached kraft paper
is used primarily in the  manufacture  of multiwall  bags and  unbleached  kraft
linerboard  is  used  primarily  in  the  manufacture  of  corrugated   shipping
containers (see the next section entitled "Packaging  Products").  There are six
operational  machines at the Savannah mill. During the third quarter of 1994 the
No. 6 machine at the  Savannah  mill  experienced  an outage  which  lasted into
November.

     The two paper machines at the  Prattville,  Alabama  unbleached  kraft mill
produce  kraft  linerboard.  In 1994,  the  Company  converted  about 69% of its
unbleached  kraft  linerboard

                                       2
<PAGE>

and paper  production  into packaging  products and sold  essentially all of the
rest to others for conversion into similar products.

     The Franklin,  Virginia mill produces  uncoated free sheet which is sold in
roll and sheet form.  These sales are principally to converters who use uncoated
free sheet  primarily to make  envelopes and forms and to merchant  distributors
and major end users who use it in business  and printing  papers.  The mill also
produces coated and uncoated  bleached  bristols which are sold for a variety of
end uses,  such as  publishing,  greeting  cards,  book covers and file folders.
There are four paper  machines and two board  machines at this mill. In December
1994, a fiber recycling facility began operating at the Franklin, Virginia mill.
This $84 million facility was constructed as part of $146 million  modernization
program  which also  included  enhancements  to five of the Franklin  mill's six
paper machines. The fiber recycling facility removes ink from office waste paper
and produces  recycled pulp for the manufacture of recycled  content white paper
and board.

     The Eastover,  South  Carolina mill produces  bleached  uncoated free sheet
which, like the Franklin  product,  is sold to others in roll and sheet form for
the same end uses. The two-machine  Eastover mill has an excess of pulp capacity
which is used together  with an on-site pulp dryer to produce  bleached pulp for
sale to others in domestic and international markets.

     In 1994,  Union Camp sold about 26% of its  bleached  paper and  paperboard
production in converted or sheet form. This includes  approximately 2% converted
by its own plants into folding cartons, bags, and stationery.

     The four integrated mills use sulfate pulping  chemistry,  also referred to
as the kraft process.  Both hardwood and pine timber are used at all four mills.
Approximately  25%  of  the  Company's  wood  pulp  production  utilizes  timber
harvested  from lands  owned or  controlled  by the  Company.  Timber use at the
Prattville and Savannah mills is supplemented with recycled waste paper acquired
from others and the Company's  converting  plants (see the next section entitled
"Packaging Products").

                                       3
<PAGE>

PACKAGING PRODUCTS

     From its mill production of paper and paperboard, Union Camp makes bags and
sacks and corrugated and solid fibre containers.

     Union Camp produces  multiwall  and consumer  bags used to package  cement,
insulation,  feed, fertilizer, clay, pet food, chemical and mineral products and
specialty bags used in packaging charcoal,  produce, sugar, flour, seed, coffee,
cookies,  microwaveable  popcorn and other miscellaneous  items. Union Camp also
produces low density  plastic  products for  industrial  applications  including
stretch  packaging  and plastic  shipping  sacks to package  salt,  bark,  soil,
insulation,  resins, chemicals and food grade products. During the third quarter
of 1994 Union Camp decided to exit the retail paper bag business operated by the
Flexible  Packaging  Division at two plants in Savannah,  Georgia and  Richmond,
Virginia.  The Savannah plant was closed in December 1994 and the Richmond based
business was sold as a going operation in February 1995. In September 1994 Union
Camp exited the retail  plastic bag business.  Its  Shelbyville,  Kentucky plant
which produced high density  polyethylene  plastic bags for retail customers was
sold as an  ongoing  operation.  The  speciality  flexible  packaging  plant  in
Asheville,   North  Carolina  which  produces  extrusion  coated  and  laminated
substrates and printed labels for the composite can industry is currently  under
a contract of sale.

     Union Camp produces  corrugated and solid fibre containers used to ship and
store  canned,  bottled and packaged  products for a wide variety of  customers,
including  food  processors  and textile,  furniture,  chemical  and  automotive
manufacturers.  In March 1994 Union Camp acquired Fleetwood Container & Display,
Inc., a Los Angeles, California based manufacturer of corrugated boxes, graphics
packaging and display company which operates as part of the Container Division.

     Other packaging products include folding cartons,  on which Union Camp does
high  quality  gravure  and  lithographic  printing,  which  are used for  shelf
packaging in retail stores.

                                       4
<PAGE>

     In  addition,   corrugated   containers   are  produced  by   wholly-owned,
consolidated  subsidiaries in Spain, the Canary Islands, the Republic of Ireland
and Puerto Rico. A corrugated  container  manufacturing plant in Chile, which is
owned by a majority  owned  consolidated  subsidiary of Union Camp,  serves that
country's fresh fruit  exporters and the country's  expanding  industrial  base.
During  1994 Union Camp  acquired a 30%  interest in Zucamor  S.A.,  Argentina's
leading independent corrugated container company.

WOOD PRODUCTS

     Union Camp produces southern pine lumber,  plywood and  particleboard.  Its
wood  products  mills have the  capacity  to produce  485,000,000  board feet of
lumber,  240,000,000  square feet (3/8" basis) of plywood and 100,000,000 square
feet (3/4" basis) of  particleboard  annually.  Union Camp's wood products mills
produced at virtually  100% of capacity in 1994.  Its wood  products are used in
home  construction  and  industrial  markets  such as  furniture,  cabinets  and
fixtures.  The wood products mills also produce  significant  quantities of wood
chips for use in Union Camp's papermaking operations.

CHEMICAL GROUP

     The Chemical  Group  consists of two  operating  units:  Chemical  Products
Division and Bush Boake Allen Inc.

     The  Chemical  Products  Division  produces  a variety  of  wood-based  and
non-wood-based  chemicals.  Wood-based chemicals,  which are by-products of pulp
mill  operations,  include  tall  oil and  turpentine  chemicals.  Tall oil is a
mixture of rosin and fatty acids which are  by-products of the pulping  process.
Tall oil rosins  are  converted  into  rosin-based  resins  and fatty  acids are
converted  into dimer acids and  polyamide  resins.  These  products are used in
coatings,  adhesives,  printing  inks,  paper  sizing  and oil field  chemicals.
Non-wood-based  chemicals,  which are complementary to Union Camp's pulp-derived
tall oil fatty acids,  are produced by converting  vegetable oils into a variety
of esters and other derivatives.  These are sold primarily for use in cosmetics,
lubricants, plastics, surfactants and rubber. The Chemical Products Division has

                                       5
<PAGE>


five processing  facilities,  three of which are in the United States and two of
which are in England.

     In May 1994 Bush Boake Allen Inc.  completed an initial public  offering of
32% of its outstanding  common stock, with Union Camp continuing to be the owner
of the remaining 68% of the stock.

     Bush Boake Allen Inc. is a producer of flavors  (including  essential oils,
seasonings  and spice  extracts) and fragrance and aroma  chemicals.  The flavor
products impart a desired taste and smell to a broad range of consumer products,
including soft drinks, confections,  dietary foods, snack foods, dairy products,
pharmaceuticals  and alcoholic  beverages.  The fragrance products are used in a
wide  variety  of items,  including  fine  fragrances,  soaps,  detergents,  air
fresheners,  cosmetics  and  toiletries  and  related  products.  The flavor and
fragrance compounds are sold primarily to major consumer product companies which
use these products in conjunction  with other natural and synthetic  ingredients
to make their products more appealing to consumers. The aroma chemicals produced
by Bush Boake Allen are primarily used by major  multinational  consumer product
manufacturers  as fragrance raw materials or are used by Bush Boake Allen in its
own fragrance  compounds.  Bush Boake Allen has  developed a broad-based  global
presence  with  operations in 37 countries in North and South  America,  Europe,
Asia, Australia, The Middle East and Africa.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

     Information about Union Camp's 1994 and estimated 1995 capital expenditures
appears  on pages 29 and 30 of the  Union  Camp 1994  Annual  Report in the text
under the caption  "Capital  Expenditures"  and is  incorporated by reference in
this Item 1.

                                       6
<PAGE>

MARKETING

     Most of Union Camp's sales,  other than its chemical sales, are made in the
United  States east of the Rocky  Mountains,  through a variety of  distribution
methods.  Paper and  paperboard are sold both directly to converters and through
merchants.   Packaging  materials  are  sold  directly  to  the  industrial  and
agricultural  trades,  primarily  by Union Camp sales  representatives  and to a
lesser extent  through  distributors.  Wood  products are sold through  building
supply dealers and directly to industrial users.

     Union Camp  chemicals  are sold  worldwide  with most  sales  being made to
customers  in the  United  States and  European  Economic  Community  countries.
Through various overseas subsidiaries and related companies of Bush Boake Allen,
Union Camp sells in the worldwide markets for flavors and fragrances and related
products.  Chemical products generally are sold directly to industrial users and
to a lesser extent through agents and  distributors.  During 1994,  Union Camp's
chemical  exports  from the United  States  were about 6% of the total  chemical
sales of Union Camp and its subsidiaries. In addition, approximately 53% of such
total chemical sales  originated from the production  facilities of subsidiaries
located outside the United States.

     In 1994,  Union Camp sold in the  export  market  approximately  14% of its
production of paper and paperboard.

LAND DEVELOPMENT AND HOUSING

     Union Camp's real estate subsidiary,  The Branigar  Organization,  Inc., is
engaged in the  development  and sale of land for  recreational  and residential
uses in Georgia and North Carolina.  Another subsidiary,  Transtates  Properties
Incorporated,   is  developing  sites  for  commercial   properties  at  highway
interchanges in Georgia and South Carolina.

                                       7
<PAGE>

COMPETITION

     All of Union  Camp's  products  are sold in highly  competitive  markets in
which there are many large and well-established  companies,  of which Union Camp
is one.  Competition in each of Union Camp's markets is based on price,  quality
of product, service and production innovation.

TIMBER RESOURCES

     The basic raw  material for Union  Camp's  business is timber,  a renewable
resource.  Union Camp controls  approximately  1,558,000 acres of timberlands in
Georgia, Alabama, Virginia, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina, of which
approximately  1,526,000 acres are owned and the balance is held under long-term
leases.  In 1994,  Union Camp  obtained  approximately  34% of its total  timber
requirements from its own timberlands and purchased the balance from others.

     Union Camp operates its  timberlands on a sustained  yield basis.  As Union
Camp obtains  timber from natural  stands of its trees,  Union Camp replaces the
harvested woodlands with a "plantation"  reforestation program. Union Camp began
reforestation  on its  timberlands in the  mid-1950's and now has  approximately
950,000  acres in  plantation  growth.  It planted  about 44,000 acres under the
plantation  program in 1994 and expects to plant  approximately  42,000 acres in
1995. These plantation  programs result in increased yield per acre. The current
growing cycle for most of Union Camp's  plantations  averages  between 22 and 25
years.  Union Camp anticipates that for the foreseeable  future there will be an
adequate  supply  of  timber  for its  operations  from its own  lands and other
sources.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ACTIVITIES

     Union  Camp  is  committed  to  complying  with  applicable   environmental
protection  control laws.  Wastewater  treatment  facilities and/or  atmospheric
emission  control  equipment at various Union Camp  locations,  which  currently
comply with applicable restrictions,  may have to be upgraded to comply with new
limitations  that may be imposed when federal and state  permits are renewed and
as regulations are promulgated

                                       8
<PAGE>

implementing  revisions  to federal  and state air and water  pollution  control
laws.

     The  development of new analytical  capability,  over a thousand times more
sensitive than previously available, revealed minute, trace amounts of dioxin in
the pulp,  sludge and  wastewater  of  bleached  kraft pulp mills in 1985.  This
discovery  led to intensive  studies of the health  effects of exposure to these
trace amounts and, simultaneously, efforts to reduce the minute quantity of this
unwanted  by-product which is formed during the bleaching  process.  The Company
believes that human exposure to dioxin in the trace  concentrations found in the
Company's  treated  wastewater does not cause any health problem.  The basis for
the Company's  statement that human health  problems are not caused by the trace
quantities  of dioxin  discharged  with its treated  wastewater  is its internal
technical  evaluation of various studies and reports  concerning  dioxin and the
known effects from exposure.

     Meanwhile,  Union Camp's  continuing  research and  development  efforts in
water  conservation  methods led to the  development of a new bleaching  process
which has  important  environmental  advantages  and, as a  collateral  benefit,
virtually  eliminates  dioxin. In general terms,  C-Free'tm' pulp is produced in
this new bleaching  process  developed by Union Camp,  through use of ozone as a
primary  bleaching  agent instead of elemental  chlorine,  which is used in most
conventional operations.  This development,  including related bleaching process
improvements in the use of oxygen and in various  extraction steps,  resulted in
the issuance of fourteen  patents,  with twenty  patent  applications  currently
pending.

     The  most  significant  environmental  achievements  of  this  process  are
dramatic  reductions in chlorinated  organics,  including dioxin and chloroform,
and the ability to recycle most of the bleach plant's  wastewater,  which is not
possible when using  chlorine  because of its corrosive  nature.  Following is a
list of  pollutants  and a typical  amount that each is reduced by the Company's
new bleaching process as compared to conventional bleaching processes.

                                       9

<PAGE>

                                           APPROXIMATE
          POLLUTANT                     PERCENT REDUCTION

     Chlorinated organics                    95-99%
     Chloroform                                 99%
     Biological oxygen demand (BOD)          70-89%
     Chemical oxygen demand (COD)            70-91%
     Color                                   96-99%
     Wastewater volume                       45-86%

     These data are based on laboratory and pilot plant testing and measurements
and ongoing  monitoring of the  commercial  ozone  bleaching line which has been
installed at the Company's Franklin mill. The process is available for licensing
by others in the industry. During 1994, three other companies obtained a license
to use the Company's ozone bleaching technology.

     Union Camp  invested  approximately  $25 million in  environmental  control
facilities in 1994 and approximately  $160 million over the past five years. The
five  year  figure   includes   environmental   control   elements  of  a  large
modernization  and expansion program completed in 1991. Over the next two years,
it  is  estimated  that   environmental   control   expenditures   will  average
approximately  11%  of  projected  capital   spending.   Environmental   control
expenditures  divert capital and may increase  operating and financing costs. To
that extent, they have an adverse impact on earnings.

     During the next several years,  the cost of compliance  with  environmental
control laws will depend upon the  application  of existing and new  regulations
and on revisions to existing  statutes.  Union Camp believes such costs will not
adversely  affect  its  competitive  position  within  the  paper  and  chemical
industries  since most paper and chemical  companies have similar air, water and
solid waste disposal concerns.  To the extent the current dioxin controversy has
an  adverse  effect on the U.S.  bleached  kraft  pulp  industries,  Union  Camp
believes it will not be competitively  disadvantaged  because it believes it has
lower than average dioxin  production due to the extensive use of oxygen instead
of chlorine  bleaching  at both its  bleached  kraft  mills,  and because of its
discovery,

                                       10
<PAGE>

introduction  and  commercialization  of the  proprietary  process for producing
C-Free'tm' pulp.

     In August 1992,  Union Camp  entered into a Consent  Order with Region V of
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") to conduct an investigation
to ascertain existing conditions at the Company's Dover, Ohio facility under the
Resource  Conservation  and  Recovery  Act.  The  site  investigation  and  risk
assessment  report was submitted to the EPA in December 1994 and concluded  that
conditions  at the  facility  pose no  significant  risk to human  health or the
environment.  The Company has  recently  received  comments  from EPA  including
requests for a  considerable  amount of additional  information.  It is possible
that the EPA may not  concur  with  certain  of the  assumptions  stated  in the
report.  The ultimate  findings of the site  investigation  and risk  assessment
report may not be known for some months after  responding to the EPA's comments.
Although the final  disposition  of the  foregoing  investigation  cannot now be
predicted  with  any  degree  of  certainty,  on the  basis  of the  information
presently  available  to it,  Union Camp  believes  that it will not result in a
material adverse effect on its financial condition.

EMPLOYEES

     Union  Camp  and  its  subsidiaries  employ  approximately  19,000  people,
approximately  44%  of  whom  are  represented  by 65  unions  under  collective
bargaining agreements.  Contracts involving approximately 3,400 hourly employees
were negotiated during 1994 and contracts  involving  approximately 2,400 hourly
employees are subject to renegotiation  and renewal in 1995. Union Camp believes
that its relationship with its employees is favorable and it has not experienced
a strike at any major facility since mid-1974.

                                       11
<PAGE>

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     Union Camp's mills and plants,  domestic and foreign,  are at the locations
listed below and primarily  produce the items  described in the heading for each
group.  Union  Camp's  corporate  headquarters  is in Wayne,  New Jersey and its
principal research facilities are located in its corporate  technology center in
Princeton,  New Jersey.  Except for a few facilities  which in the aggregate are
not  material,  Union Camp owns all of the following  mills and plants,  in some
cases subject to financing leases or similar arrangements.

                     PAPER AND PAPERBOARD INDUSTRY SEGMENT

Paper and Paperboard

    The four paper mills  located at the sites  listed  below are the  Company's
principal facilities. Reference is made to Item 1 of this Report for information
regarding their general  character,  including the products they produce,  their
productive capacity and the extent of utilization.

                            Eastover, South Carolina
                            Franklin, Virginia
                            Prattville, Alabama
                            Savannah, Georgia

Paper Finishing

    The three  converting  plants  listed below are part of the  Company's  Fine
Paper Division.  They convert large rolls of paper produced by the division into
folio  sheets  for  commercial  printers  and  office  size  sheets for home and
business use. The  operations of the Normal,  Illinois plant are scheduled to be
transferred to and  consolidated  with the Franklin,  Virginia  converting plant
during the second quarter of 1995.

                            Franklin, Virginia
                            Normal, Illinois
                            Sumter, South Carolina

                      PACKAGING PRODUCTS INDUSTRY SEGMENT

Multiwall Consumer Bags


     The plants listed below produce  multiwall  bags of various  substrates for
products such as cement, seed, feed, pet food, sugar, cookies and popcorn.

                                       12

<PAGE>

          Denton, Texas                 Seymour, Indiana
          Hanford, California           Sibley, Iowa
          Hazleton, Pennsylvania        Spartanburg, South Carolina
          Monticello, Arkansas          Tifton, Georgia
          St. Louis, Missouri


Plastic Products

     The plants listed below produce  polyethylene  packaging and roll stock for
packaging a variety of  agricultural  and industrial  products and such consumer
items as ice, salt, tissues and disposable diapers.

                            Griffin, Georgia
                            Monticello, Arkansas
                            Tomah, Wisconsin


Corrugated Containers

     The plants listed below use a corrugator to manufacture  corrugated  sheets
by gluing a fluted  paperboard  material  called medium between two or more flat
facings of linerboard.  These corrugated sheets are then sold or made into boxes
or corrugated containers in a separate operation at these plants.


Ashbourne,  Republic of Ireland    Lakeland, Florida
Atlanta,  Georgia                  Lakeland, Florida
Auburn, Maine                      Las  Palmas de Gran Canaria,  Spain
Bayamon,  Puerto Rico              Morristown,  Tennessee
Chicago, Illinois                  Newtown,  Connecticut
Cleveland, Ohio                    Rancagua,  Chile
Decatur, Alabama                   Richmond,  Virginia
Denver, Colorado                   San Antonio,  Texas
Gandia, Spain                      Savannah,  Georgia
Houston, Mississippi               Spartanburg,  South Carolina
Kalamazoo, Michigan                Trenton, New Jersey
Kansas City, Missouri              Washington, Pennsylvania
Lafayette, Louisiana

                                       13

<PAGE>

Finishing

     The plants listed below use equipment that converts  corrugated sheets into
boxes or  laminates a printed  sheet of paper to one panel of a box or applies a
wax coating to a finished box.

                            Conway, Arkansas
                            Eaton Park, Florida
                            Edinburg, Texas
                            Flint, Michigan
                            Los Angeles, California
                            Kansas City, Missouri
                            Statesboro, Georgia


Graphics

     The  plants  listed  below use a process  that  adheres  medium to a single
linerboard  sheet to produce  singleface  and then glues a printed  label to the
singleface. These sheets are then made into boxes at these plants.

                            Conway, Arkansas
                            Stockton, California


Solid Fibre Products

     The plant  listed  below  manufactures  solid fibre sheets by gluing two or
more flat  linerboard  sheets  together.  These solid fibre sheets are then made
into boxes or solid fibre containers in a separate operation.

                            Lancaster, Pennsylvania


Folding Cartons and Gravure Printing

     The plants listed below produce  folding  cartons with high quality gravure
and  lithographic  printing  which are used to  package  cosmetics,  toiletries,
pharmaceutical and food products.

                            Clifton, New Jersey
                            Englewood, New Jersey
                            Moonachie, New Jersey

                                       14
<PAGE>

                         WOOD PRODUCTS INDUSTRY SEGMENT

Lumber

     The  sawmills  listed  below  produce  wood  chips,  small  timbers  and/or
dimension lumber.

                            Chapman, Alabama
                            Folkston, Georgia
                            Franklin, Virginia
                            Meldrim, Georgia
                            Opelika, Alabama
                            Seaboard, North Carolina

Plywood

     The plants  listed below  produce  veneer  and/or  plywood  panels for sale
primarily for industrial  applications  including furniture,  truck trailers and
sound equipment.

                            Chapman, Alabama
                            Thorsby, Alabama

Particleboard

     The plant  listed  below  uses wood  shavings  and other wood  residues  to
produce  particleboard  which is cut to size and sold primarily to the furniture
industry.

                            Franklin, Virginia

                           CHEMICAL INDUSTRY SEGMENT


     The Chemical  industry  segment has two operating  units,  Bush Boake Allen
Inc. and the Chemical Products Division.

     The  facilities  listed  below  are part of Bush  Boake  Allen  Inc.  which
produces  aroma  chemicals,  flavors,  fragrances,  essential  oils,  spices and
seasonings.  The process used and products  produced by each  facility are shown
below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
LOCATION                    PRODUCTS                  PROCESS
<S>                       <C>                       <C>
Carrollton, Texas           Seasonings                Compounding, i.e., mixing
                                                      and blending

Chicago, Illinois           Flavors, Vanilla          Extraction and Compounding
                            Extract

Melbourne,  Australia       Flavors, fragrances       Extraction and Compounding
                            and essential oils
</TABLE>

                                       15
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
LOCATION                    PRODUCTS                  PROCESS

<S>                       <C>                       <C>
Jacksonville, Florida       Terpene derivatives       Chemical Processing
                            and aroma chemicals

Johannesburg, South         Flavors and               Compounding
  Africa                    Fragrances

Jurong, Singapore           Flavors and               Compounding
                            Fragrances

London, England             Flavors and               Compounding
                            Fragrances

Long Melford, England       Spices and Essential      Extraction and
                            Oils                      Compounding

Madras, India               Flavors and               Compounding
                            Fragrances

Norwood, New Jersey         Fragrances                Compounding

Sydney, Australia           Flavors                   Compounding

Widnes, England             Aroma chemicals           Chemical Processing

Witham, England             Flavors                   Compounding

</TABLE>

     The chemical  processing  facilities  listed below are part of the Chemical
Products  Division  which  produces a variety of wood- based and  non-wood-based
chemicals. Shown below are the principal products of each facility.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
   LOCATION                   PRODUCTS

<S>                         <C>
Bedlington, England           Ink & Adhesive resins

Chester-le-Street, England    Tall oil derivatives &
                              adhesive resins

Dover, Ohio                   Adhesive resins, plasticizers
                              and esters

Savannah, Georgia             Tall oil derivatives, ink
                              and adhesive resins

Valdosta, Georgia             Printing ink resins

</TABLE>

     In  addition,  in the  Chemical  industry  segment,  Union  Camp has  small
consolidated subsidiary manufacturing (compounding and mixing) facilities at the
following locations:

                                       16
<PAGE>

Kingston,  Jamaica; Auckland, New Zealand; Istanbul, Turkey; Knislinge,  Sweden;
Bangkok,  Thailand;  LaSalle,  Canada and Bogor,  Indonesia.  The aggregate 1994
revenue from these small facilities was approximately $23 million.

     Also see Item 1 for a discussion of Union Camp's  timberland  holdings used
in Union Camp's Paper and Paperboard and Wood Products industry segments.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     In addition to the proceeding  described below, the Company is also a party
to other legal proceeding incidental to its business. Although the final outcome
of any legal  proceeding  is subject to many  variables  and cannot be predicted
with any  degree of  certainty,  the  Company  presently  believes  there are no
pending legal  proceedings to which Union Camp or any of its  subsidiaries  is a
party which will have a material  adverse  effect on the  financial  position or
results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

     While Union Camp has been designated a potentially  responsible  party at a
number of  hazardous  waste sites  pursuant to the  Comprehensive  Environmental
Response and  Compensation  Liability  Act and similar  state laws,  the Company
believes that its designation and the pending legal  proceedings will not have a
material  adverse  effect on the financial  position or results of operations of
the Company and its  subsidiaries  taken as a whole. The bases for the Company's
opinion  include:  (i) the Company's  experience  defending or settling  similar
matters, the opinions of counsel representing the Company in such matters and an
assessment,  to the extent possible, of the claims made against and the defenses
available  to the  Company;  and (ii) in the case of  environmental  claims,  an
analysis of reasonable  estimates,  to the extent possible,  of the cost of site
investigation  studies  and  remedial  activities  and the  existence  of  other
financially viable,  potentially responsible parties. No credit has been assumed
for any potential  insurance  reimbursement to the Company when the availability
of the insurance coverage is not established.

                                       17
<PAGE>

     The  Company  is unable to  estimate  environmental  costs/liabilities  for
several reasons.  In some cases, it has not been established that the Company is
a potentially  responsible  party. In other cases,  it is uncertain  whether the
Company will seek, be offered or accept a de minimis  settlement with payment of
a premium over otherwise estimated liability in order to secure full release. In
many  instances,  the  cost  of  remediation  is  speculative  because  remedial
investigations  and  feasibility  studies have not yet been contracted for, have
not been  completed  or,  alternatively,  have  been  completed  but  acceptable
remediation  has not been chosen.  Some settled cases also have  "reopeners" for
contamination  discovered  after full  implementation  of the  clean-up  remedy.
Finally,  insurance reimbursement is usually uncertain until matters are finally
resolved.

     In September, 1993, a Company facility in Jacksonville,  Florida received a
Notice of  Violation  (the "NOV") from the EPA  alleging  violation of the EPA's
rules  governing  the  burning of a hazardous  waste in boilers  (the Boiler and
Industrial  Furnace Rules or "BIF Rules") in connection with the burning by this
Jacksonville  facility of various turpentine  fractions as fuels. In response to
the  NOV,  the  Company  met  with  the EPA in  November,  1993 to  support  the
facility's position that burning turpentine  fractions is not covered by the BIF
Rules because the materials burned are not wastes,  but  historically  have been
sold as products or burned as fuel when the  product's  fuel value  exceeded its
market  value.  By letter dated  February 21, 1995,  the EPA advised the Company
that it  concurs  with the  Company's  view that the  turpentine  fractions  are
product fuels and not  waste-derived  fuels.  As such,  the EPA agrees that this
practice does not violate the BIF Rules.

     In April 1994, the company's facility in Savannah Georgia received a Notice
of  Violation  and  Opportunity  to Show  Cause  ("NOV")  from the EPA  alleging
violations of the EPA's rules  governing the treatment of hazardous  waste.  The
allegations  involve the  applicability  of these  regulations to the removal of
granular  impurities  from  the  pulping  liquor  manufacturing  process  at the
Savannah  facility.  The Company met with EPA shortly after the NOV was received
to  support the  Company's  position that  the removal of the granular materials

                                       18
<PAGE>

is not covered by the EPA's rules governing the handling of hazardous waste. The
Company has not received a response from the EPA to date.  While the EPA has not
instituted  any  enforcement  action and has not sought  penalties in connection
with the NOV, there can be no assurance that it will not ultimately do so.

     The Company remains a defendant in  approximately 89 suits filed in federal
court in Alabama  between  October 1990 and January  1992 in which  construction
workers  allege they were exposed to asbestos while  performing  work at various
plant sites throughout Alabama and elsewhere.  The many defendants named in each
of these suits  include  owners of the  premises  where the work was being done,
asbestos  manufacturers  whose  equipment was being  installed,  distributors of
asbestos  containing  products,  insurance  companies,  and a  safety  equipment
manufacturer.  Union  Camp  is  included  in  the  premises  owner  category  of
defendants.  These  suits  are  presently  under  the  jurisdiction  of the U.S.
District  Court  for the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania  and are part of a
consolidated  proceeding,  styled In Re: Asbestos Products Liability  Litigation
(No.  VI),  Civil  Action No. MDL 875,  involving  all  asbestos  cases that are
pending in federal courts nationwide.

     Union Camp was named as a defendant in two law suits brought in Texas state
court  during the third  quarter of 1992 and as a defendant  in a third  lawsuit
brought in Texas state court  during the fourth  quarter of 1993;  approximately
4,400  plaintiffs are currently  parties to these law suits. The plaintiffs are,
for the most part,  construction  workers  resident  in Alabama  who allege they
sustained personal injuries as a result of exposure to asbestos while performing
work at various plant sites in Alabama.  Approximately  140 of these  plaintiffs
claim to have worked on the  Company's  premises  as  employees  of  independent
contractors at the Company's  Prattville,  Alabama mill. These cases are similar
to the 89 cases in the paragraph immediately above.  Approximately 50 defendants
have been  named in the cases in Texas.  They  include  asbestos  manufacturers,
distributors   of   asbestos-containing   products,   insurance   companies,   a
manufacturer  of safety  equipment,  parties who  allegedly  misrepresented  the
dangers  of  asbestos  exposure,  and  the  owners  of the  premises  where  the
plaintiffs  allege they were working  when they were exposed to

                                       19
<PAGE>

asbestos.  Union Camp is included in the premises  owner category of defendants.
The amounts of damages sought is unspecified.

     During the third  quarter of 1994 the Company  orally  agreed in  principle
with  attorneys  representing  virtually all the  plaintiffs to settle the cases
pending  in Texas  for an  amount  which is not  material  to the  Company.  The
settlement  would also include the dismissal of most of the 89 cases  originally
filed in federal court in Alabama which are currently part of the Multi-District
Litigation in the federal court in Philadelphia.  However, settlement agreements
have not been finalized at this time.

     In the first quarter of 1995 the Company was named as one of  approximately
60 defendants in a lawsuit filed,  but not yet served,  by the same attorneys in
Texas state court on behalf of over 2,000 additional  plaintiffs who, like those
in the earlier cases, allege that they were exposed to asbestos while performing
work at various plant sites in Alabama.

     The Company  does not  believe  that these  pending  legal  proceedings  in
Alabama and Texas are  material.  An estimate of potential  liability  cannot be
made at this time.

     In its  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1991,
the Company previously  reported that a subsidiary of the Company was added as a
defendant in approximately 7,000  asbestos-related  cases which had been pending
in Mississippi state court for several years.  During the third quarter of 1991,
this  subsidiary  was  named  as  a  defendant  in  additional  asbestos-related
consolidated  actions  so that the total  number of such  cases was over  7,000.
During  the second  quarter  of 1992,  the  subsidiary  was named in  additional
similar consolidated actions so that it was a defendant in excess of 10,000 such
cases.  The subsidiary was named in these cases because it allegedly was part of
the chain of distribution of  asbestos-containing  products to facilities  where
the  plaintiffs  worked.  The period of alleged  exposure  is 1930  through  the
present.  The subsidiary  did not  manufacture  asbestos or  asbestos-containing
products.  Approximately  80 defendants  have been named in each of these suits,
including

                                       20
<PAGE>

asbestos manufacturers, distributors, an insurance company and a manufacturer of
safety equipment.

     In March  1993,  the  Company's  subsidiary  reached  agreement  to  settle
approximately  10,500 of these cases,  with the  settlement  being funded by the
Company's  insurance  carrier.  This subsidiary is a defendant in  approximately
7,000  cases,  of  which  approximately  5,000  were  filed  subsequent  to  the
settlement.

     An estimate of potential  liability  cannot be made at this time.  However,
the Company does not believe that these pending legal  proceedings  are material
to it.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY-HOLDERS

     Not applicable.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF UNION CAMP

     The executive officers of Union Camp as of March 1, 1995 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
NAME                     AGE         POSITION & OFFICES  WITH  UNION CAMP
<S>                      <C>       <C>
W. Craig  McClelland......60         Chairman of the Board  and Chief
                                     Executive Officer; Director

Jerry H. Ballengee........57         President and Chief Operating
                                     Officer; Director

James M. Reed.............62         Vice Chairman of the  Board and
                                     Chief Financial Officer; Director

William H. Trice..........61         Executive Vice President

Russell W. Boekenheide....64         Senior Vice President

Charles H. Greiner, Jr....47         Senior Vice President

John T. Heald, Jr.........49         Senior Vice President

Robert E. Moore...........60         Vice President and Comptroller

Dirk R. Soutendijk........56         Vice President, General Counsel
                                     and Secretary

Donald W. Barney..........54         Vice President and Treasurer

</TABLE>
                                       21
<PAGE>


     The Company's Articles of Incorporation provide that the Board of Directors
shall be divided into three classes,  as nearly equal in size as possible.  Each
year the  directors  of one class are  elected  to serve  terms of three  years.
Executive  officers  are  elected for one year and until  their  successors  are
elected.  There  are no  family  relationships  among  directors  and  executive
officers.

     All  of the  executive  officers  listed  above  have  held  their  present
positions with Union Camp for the past five years, except as follows.

     Mr.  McClelland became Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in
July 1994.  Previously,  he had been President and Chief Operating Officer since
December 1989. He was an Executive Vice President from November 1988 to December
1989.

     Mr. Ballengee  became  President and Chief Operating  Officer in July 1994.
Previously, he was an Executive Vice President since November 1988.

     Mr. Reed was named Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief  Financial  Officer
in April 1993.  Previously,  he had been an Executive  Vice  President and Chief
Financial Officer.

     Mr. Greiner became Senior Vice  President and General  Manager,  Fine Paper
Division in December 1993. He had been a Vice  President and General  Manager of
the Fine Paper Division since April 1991.  Prior to that, he was General Manager
of Fine Paper Division Sales and Marketing.

     Mr. Heald  became  Senior Vice  President - Converting  Group in June 1993.
Prior to that, he had been a Vice President and General Manager of the Container
Division since November 1988.

     Mr.  Barney  became  Vice   President  and  Treasurer  in  December   1992.
Previously, he was the Treasurer since November 1988.

                                       22
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
        STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 5 appears under the captions and on the pages of the Union Camp 1994 Annual
Report indicated below and is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  ANNUAL
                               ANNUAL REPORT      REPORT
   REQUIRED INFORMATION           CAPTION          PAGE

<S>                         <C>                    <C>
Principal markets for        Financial Review-      31
Common Stock; high and low   Quarterly
sales prices                 Information

Dividends per share          Financial Review-      31
declared                     Quarterly
                             Information

Approximate number of        Financial Review-      31
shareholders of              Quarterly
recordDecember 31, 1994      Information
</TABLE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 6 appears  on pages 44 and 45 of the Union Camp 1994  Annual  Report and is
incorporated by reference in this Item 6.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL
        CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 7 appears in the text under the caption  "Financial  Review" on pages 26 to
30 of the Union Camp 1994 Annual Report and in incorporated by reference in this
Item 7.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 8 appears  on pages 33 to 42 of the Union  Camp 1994  Annual  Report and is
incorporated by reference in this Item 8.

                                       23
<PAGE>


ITEM 9. CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON
        ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 10, with  respect to (i) the  directors  of Union Camp,  appears  under the
caption  "Proposal 1--Election of  Directors"  on pages 1 to 6 of the Union Camp
1995 Proxy Statement,  (ii) the executive  officers of Union Camp, appears under
the caption  "Executive  Officers of Union Camp" in Part I of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and (iii) Section 16(a) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  appears under the caption  "Section 16(a) Reporting" on page 19 of the
Union Camp 1995 Proxy  Statement.  Such information is incorporated by reference
in this Item 10.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 11  appears  under  the  captions  "Board  of  Directors  and  Committees",
"Executive  Compensation",  "Retirement  Plans" and "Severance  Arrangements" on
pages 6 to 7, 9 to 12, 17 to 18,  and 18  respectively,  of the Union  Camp 1995
Proxy Statement. Such information is incorporated by reference in this Item 11.

ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS  AND
         MANAGEMENT

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 12 appears  under the captions  "Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial
Owners" and "Security Ownership of Management as of December 31, 1994" on page 8
and 9 of the Union Camp 1995 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference in
this Item 12.
                                       24
<PAGE>

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Information  in response to the disclosure  requirements  specified by this
Item 13 appears in the second footnote under the caption  "Proposal  1--Election
of  Directors"  on  page  6 of  the  Union  Camp  1995  Proxy  Statement  and is
incorporated by reference in this Item 13.


                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND  REPORTS
         ON FORM 8-K

     (a)(1) Index of financial statements

     The following  financial  statements  are included at the indicated page in
the Union Camp 1994 Annual  Report and are  incorporated  by  reference  in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K:

                                                    PAGE

     Consolidated Income for the years ended
     December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 .............. 33

     Consolidated Balance Sheet--December 31,
     1994 and 1993 ................................. 34

     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for
     the years ended December 31, 1994,
     1993 and 1992 ................................. 35

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.. 36-42

     Report of Independent Accountants ............. 32

     (2) The following  schedules,  for the three years ended December 31, 1994,
to the Financial Statements are included beginning at the indicated page in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K:

                                       25
<PAGE>


                                                       PAGE
     Report of Independent Accountants on
     Financial Statement Schedule...................... 31

     Schedule VIII--Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.. 32

           All schedules other than those indicated above are omitted because of
the  absence of the  conditions  under  which they are  required  or because the
required information is set forth in the financial statements and their notes.

     (3) All exhibits, including those incorporated by reference.

NO.                    DESCRIPTION

3.1       Copy of Articles  of  Incorporation  of Union Camp,  as amended May 4,
          1990 (filed as Exhibit 3(b) to Union Camp's  Quarterly  Report on Form
          10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 1990 and  incorporated  herein by
          reference).

3.2       Copy of By-Laws of Union  Camp,  as amended  April 27,  1993 (filed as
          Exhibit  3(b) to Union  Camp's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
          Quarter ended March 31, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).

4         Union Camp hereby agrees to furnish copies of instruments defining the
          rights of holders of long-term debt of Union Camp and its consolidated
          subsidiaries to the Commission upon its request.

10.1      Copy of Union Camp's 1982 Stock Option Plan,  as amended  November 29,
          1988 (filed as Exhibit  10(b) to Union  Camp's  Annual  Report on Form
          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988 and  incorporated  herein by
          reference).*

10.2      Copy of Union  Camp's  1989 Stock  Option  and Stock  Award  Plan,  as
          amended  November  30,  1993  (filed as Exhibit  10.2 to Union  Camp's
          Annual  Report on Form
                                       26
<PAGE>

          10-K for  the year ended December 31, 1993 and incorporated  herein by
          reference).*

10.3      Copy of Union Camp's Executive Annual Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit
          10(c) to Union  Camp's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
          December 31, 1988 and incorporated herein by reference).*

10.4      Copy of Union Camp's Policy Group  Long-Term  Incentive Plan (filed as
          Exhibit  19(b) to Union Camp's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
          quarter ended March 31, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference).*

10.5      Copy of Union Camp's  Directors'  Fees Deferral Plan (filed as Exhibit
          10(d) to Union  Camp's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
          December 31, 1982 and incorporated herein by reference).*

10.6      Copy of Union Camp's  Retirement Plan for Outside Directors as amended
          November  26,  1991  (filed as Exhibit  10(g) to Union  Camp's  Annual
          Report  on  Form  10-K  for the  year  ended  December  31,  1991  and
          incorporated herein by reference).*

10.7      Copy of form of  Severance  Agreement  between  Union Camp and certain
          executive  officers  of Union Camp  (filed as  Exhibit  10(g) to Union
          Camp's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988
          and incorporated  herein by reference),  as amended by Amendment No. 1
          to Severance  Agreement (filed as Exhibit 19 to Union Camp's Quarterly
          Report on Form  10-Q for the  Quarter  ended  September  30,  1990 and
          incorporated herein by reference); as further amended by Amendment No.
          2 to Severance  Agreement  (filed as Exhibit No. 19(a) to Union Camp's
          Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 1991
          and incorporated herein by reference).*

10.8      Copy  of  Union  Camp's  Stock   Compensation  Plan  for  Non-Employee
          Directors as amended January 31, 1995.*

                                       27
<PAGE>

10.9      Copy of Agreement  between  Union Camp and James M. Reed dated May 14,
          1991 (filed as Exhibit 19(c) to Union Camp's  Quarterly Report on Form
          10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 1991 and incorporated  herein
          by reference).*

10.10     Copy of Union Camp Corporation Supplemental Retirement Income Plan for
          Executive  Officers as amended and  restated  April 26, 1994 (filed as
          Exhibit  10.1 to Union  Camp's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
          Quarter ended June 30, 1994 and incorporated herein by reference).*

10.11     Description of post-retirement  office arrangements between Union Camp
          Corporation  and Raymond E. Cartledge  (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Union
          Camp's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter  ended June 30,
          1994 and incorporated herein by reference).*

11        Statement re computation of per share earnings.

13        The portion of Union Camp Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to security
          holders which is incorporated by reference into this filing.

21        List of subsidiaries of Union Camp.

23        Consent of Independent Accountants.

27        Financial Data Schedule.

          *Denotes a management  contract or  compensatory  plan or  arrangement
          required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K.

          (b) Reports on Form 8-K.

     No  Current  Report  on Form 8-K was  filed by the  Registrant  during  the
quarter ended December 31, 1994.

                                       28

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     PURSUANT  TO THE  REQUIREMENTS  OF  SECTION  13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON
ITS BEHALF BY THE  UNDERSIGNED,  THEREUNTO DULY  AUTHORIZED,  IN THE TOWNSHIP OF
WAYNE, AND STATE OF NEW JERSEY, ON THE 30TH DAY OF MARCH, 1995.

                             UNION CAMP CORPORATION


                         By   /S/ W. Craig McClelland

                            ---------------------------
                              (W. CRAIG MCCLELLAND)
                              Chairman of the Board and
                              Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
Registrant and in the capacities stated below on March 30, 1995.

          SIGNATURE                          TITLE

/S/ W. Craig McClelland           Chairman of The Board and
---------------------------       Chief Executive Officer and
   (W. Craig McClelland)          Director (Principal Executive
                                  Officer)

/S/ Jerry H. Ballangee            President and Chief Operating
---------------------------       Officer and Director
   (Jerry H. Ballengee)                             

/S/ James M. Reed.                Vice Chairman of the Board,
---------------------------       Chief Financial Officer and
   (James M. Reed)                Director (Principal Financial
                                  Officer)
                                  

/S/ Robert E. Moore               Vice President and Comptroller
---------------------------       (Principal Accounting Officer)
   (Robert E. Moore)             

                                       29
<PAGE>
         SIGNATURE                           TITLE



---------------------------            Director
   (George D. Busbee)

/S/ Raymond E. Cartledge               Director
---------------------------
   (Raymond E. Cartledge)

/S/ Sir Colin Corness                  Director
---------------------------
   (Sir Colin Corness)

/S/ Robert D. Kennedy                  Director
---------------------------
   (Robert D. Kennedy)

/S/ Gary E. MacDougal                  Director
---------------------------
   (Gary E. MacDougal)

/S/ Ann D. McLaughlin                  Director
---------------------------
   (Ann D. McLaughlin)

/S/ James T. Mills                     Director
---------------------------
   (James T. Mills)

/S/ George J. Sella, Jr.               Director
---------------------------
   (George J. Sella, Jr.)

/S/ Ted D. Simmons                     Director
---------------------------
   (Ted D. Simmons)

                                       30
<PAGE>


                              Price Waterhouse LLP
                              4 Headquarters Plaza North
                              P.O. Box 1965
                              Morristown, NJ  07962-1965
                              Telephone (201) 540-6980



                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON
                          FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE


To The Board of Directors
of Union Camp Corporation

Our audits of the consolidated  financial  statements  referred to in our report
dated  February  7,  1995  appearing  on page 32 of the 1994  Annual  Report  to
Stockholders of Union Camp Corporation (which report and consolidated  financial
statements  are  incorporated  by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10- K)
also  included  an audit of the  Financial  Statement  Schedule  listed  in Item
14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K.  In our opinion,  the Financial  Statement  Schedule
presents  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the information set forth therein
when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.



/S/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Morristown, New Jersey
February 7, 1995

                                       31
<PAGE>

                                                                   SCHEDULE VIII

              UNION CAMP CORPORATION AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
              For The Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                             (thousands of dollars)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           Column A                                           Column B                Column C               Column D      Column E
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                     Additions
                                                                              -----------------------
                                                                               Charged
                                                              Balance at      Charged to    (Credited)      Deductions    Balance at
                                                              Beginning       Costs and      to Other           from         End
          Description                                          of Year       Expenses(1)    Accounts(2)     Reserves(3)    of Year
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                            <C>              <C>             <C>            <C>         <C>    
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994:
    Reserves deducted from assets
     to which they apply:
       Reserve for doubtful accounts .................         $12,702          $5,489          $121           $4,317      $13,995
       Reserve for discounts and
        allowances ...................................           1,924             600             -               -         2,524
                                                               -------          ------          ----           ------      -------
           Total .....................................         $14,626          $6,089          $121           $4,317      $16,519
                                                               =======          ======          ====           ======      =======

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993:
    Reserves deducted from assets
     to which they apply:
       Reserve for doubtful accounts .................         $12,643          $4,235         $(359)          $3,817      $12,702
       Reserve for discounts and
        allowances ...................................           1,924              -              -               -         1,924
                                                               -------          ------          ----           ------      -------
           Total .....................................         $14,567          $4,235         $(359)          $3,817      $14,626
                                                               =======          ======          ====           ======      =======

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992:
    Reserves deducted from assets
     to which they apply:
       Reserve for doubtful accounts .................         $10,841          $5,101         $(362)          $2,937      $12,643
       Reserve for discounts and
        allowances ...................................           2,125            (201)            -               -         1,924
                                                               -------          ------          ----           ------      -------
           Total .....................................         $12,966          $4,900         $(362)          $2,937      $14,567
                                                               =======          ======          ====           ======      =======
</TABLE>



NOTES:
    (1)  Discounts and  allowances  are charged to income as incurred and not to
         the reserve.  The reserve is adjusted at the end of each  period,  by a
         charge or credit to income, for the estimated  discounts and allowances
         applicable to the accounts receivable then outstanding.
    (2)  Foreign currency translation adjustments.
    (3)  Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.

                                  32

<PAGE>


                                 EXHIBIT INDEX



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 SEQUENTIALLY
                                                   NUMBERED
NO.                 DESCRIPTION                      PAGE

<S>      <C>                                       <C>
3.1       Copy of Articles  of  Incorporation  of
          Union Camp,  as amended May 4,
          1990 (incorporated herein by reference).

3.2       Copy of By-Laws of Union Camp, as
          amended April 27, 1993 (incorporated
          herein by reference).

10.1      Copy of Union Camp's 1982 Stock
          Option Plan,  as amended  November 29,
          1988(incorporated herein by reference).

10.2      Copy of Union Camp's 1989 Stock
          Option Award Plan, as amended November
          30, 1993(incorporated herein by reference).

10.3      Copy of Union Camp's Executive
          Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated
          herein by reference).

10.4      Copy of Union Camp's Policy Group
          Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated
          herein by reference).

10.5      Copy of Union Camp's Directors' Fees
          Deferral Plan (incorporated herein
          by reference).

10.6      Copy of Union Camp's  Retirement Plan
          for Outside Directors as amended
          November 26, 1991 (incorporated herein
          by reference).

10.7      Copy of form of Severance Agreement
          between Union Camp and certain executive
          officers of Union Camp (incorporated
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 SEQUENTIALLY
                                                   NUMBERED
NO.                 DESCRIPTION                      PAGE

<S>     <C>                                       <C>
          herein by reference), as amended by
          Amendment No. 1 to Severance Agreement
          (incorporated herein by reference);
          as further amended by Amendment No. 2
          to Severance Agreement (incorporated
          herein by reference).

10.8      Copy of Union Camp's Stock Compensation      37
          Plan for Non-Employee Directors as
          amended January 31, 1995.

10.9      Copy of Agreement between Union Camp and
          James M. Reed dated May 14, 1991
          (incorporated herein by reference).

10.10     Copy of Union Camp Corporation
          Supplemental Retirement Income Plan
          for Executive Officers as amended and
          restated April 26, 1994 (incorporated
          herein by reference).

10.11     Description of post-retirement office
          arrangements between Union Camp
          Corporation and Raymond E. Cartledge
          (incorporated herein by reference).

11        Statement re computation of per share        40
          earnings.

13        The portion of Union Camp Corporation's      41
          1994 Annual Report to security holders
          which is incorporated by reference into
          this filing.

21        List of subsidiaries of Union Camp.          91

23        Consent of Independent Accountants.          93

27        Financial Data Schedule.                     94

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                            STATEMENT OF DIFFERENCES
<TABLE>
       <S>                                                      <C>
         The registered trademark symbol shall be expressed as....'tm'
</TABLE>



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.8
<PAGE>
                            STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN
                                      FOR
                             NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
                                       OF
                             UNION CAMP CORPORATION

1. The purpose of the Stock  Compensation  Plan for Non-Employee  Directors (the
   "Plan")  of  Union  Camp  Corporation  (the   "Corporation")  is  to  provide
   competitive remuneration to the Corporation's non-employee directors so as to
   maintain the  Corporation's  ability to attract and retain  highly  qualified
   individuals to serve on the Board of Directors and to relate the compensation
   of non-employee  directors more closely to the interests of the  shareholders
   of the  Corporation  by  increasing  the  amount  of stock  ownership  of the
   Corporation held by non-employee directors.

2. This Plan shall  become  effective  on April 24,  1990,  provided the Plan is
   approved by shareholders  on such date. If this Plan is not so approved,  the
   Plan shall not become effective.

3. If the Plan becomes  effective,  each member of the Board of Directors who is
   not an employee of the Corporation  immediately  after each annual meeting of
   the stockholders of the Corporation,  beginning with the 1990 Annual Meeting,
   shall receive whole shares of Common Stock of the  Corporation  having a fair
   market value of  approximately  $5,000.  The number of shares of Common Stock
   each non-  employee  director  shall be  entitled to receive  following  each
   annual meeting  thereafter  shall be the number  specified in an amendment to
   the Plan adopted as an Appendix thereto by the Board of Directors at any time
   prior to, and in the same  calendar year as, such annual  meeting;  provided,
   however,  if the Plan is not so amended,  each  non-employee  director  shall
   receive  whole  shares  of  Common  Stock  having  a  fair  market  value  of
   approximately  $5,000. If the Plan is so amended,  each non-employee director
   shall receive an equal number of whole shares of Common Stock the fair market
   value of which shall not exceed  $40,000 per calendar  year. The total number
   of shares that may be awarded  under this Plan is 150,000,  provided  that if
   during any fiscal year of the  Corporation  the shares of Common Stock issued
   and  outstanding at the beginning of such fiscal year increase or decrease by
   more than 10% by reason of a stock  dividend,  stock  split,  reverse  split,
   subdivision,  merger,  recapitalization,  consolidation  (whether  or not the
   corporation is the surviving corporation), combination or

<PAGE>

   exchange of shares, separation,  reorganization,  liquidation or like action,
   the total  number of shares  which may be  granted  under  this Plan shall be
   correspondingly  adjusted.  The shares of stock awarded under this Plan shall
   be delivered to each non-employee  director as soon as practicable  following
   the applicable annual meeting.

4. The  Plan  shall  be  administered  by the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of the
   Corporation (the "CEO") whose  interpretation and decision as to any question
   arising  under the Plan  shall be  conclusive.  Recommendations  as to annual
   awards  under the Plan may be made by the CEO to the Board of  Directors.  In
   making any such recommendation, the CEO shall consider (a) the performance of
   the Corporation and (b) the  remuneration  paid to non-employee  directors by
   other corporations of similar size.

5. All shares of Common Stock of the Corporation to be used for purposes of this
   Plan shall either be newly issued stock or stock purchased by the Corporation
   for the benefit of each non-employee  Director or both. The fair market value
   of newly issued or  purchased  Common Stock shall be the mean of the high and
   low sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the  Composite  Tape for
   New York Stock  Exchange  issues on the trading date preceding the applicable
   annual meeting of  stockholders  of the Corporation or if there is no sale of
   the  shares  on such  Exchange  on said  date,  the mean of the bid and asked
   prices  on such  Exchange  at the close of the  market on such date  shall be
   deemed to be the fair market value of the shares.

6. This Plan shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the  Commonwealth
   of Virginia. The Plan may be amended,  suspended or terminated at any time by
   action of the Board of  Directors of the  Corporation,  provided no amendment
   may (a) increase the maximum number of shares which may be awarded under this
   Plan,  (b)  increase  the fair  market  value of awards  to an annual  amount
   greater  than  $40,000  for  each  non-employee   director,  (c)  change  the
   eligibility for awards to individuals other than non-employee  directors,  or
   (d) more than once  every six  months,  change the number of shares of Common
   Stock each non-employee  director shall be entitled to receive following each
   annual meeting.


                                      -2-


<PAGE>

                                   AMENDMENT
                                JANUARY 31, 1995
                                       TO
                            STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN
                                      FOR
                             NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
                                       OF
                             UNION CAMP CORPORATION

                              Appendix Number Four


Immediately after the 1995 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Corporation
each member of the Board of Directors of the  Corporation who is not an employee
of the Corporation  shall receive under the Plan whole shares of Common Stock of
the Corporation having a fair market value of approximately $9,000.





</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>


<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT 11

                       COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        1994           1993          1992
                                        ----           ----          ----
<S>                                  <C>             <C>           <C>    
Net Income ($000) .................   $113,510        $50,043       $76,233


Weighted Average Common
  Shares Outstanding .............. 69,954,082     69,740,458    69,604,174


Earnings Per Share ................      $1.62          $0.72         $1.10


Weighted Average Common
  Shares Outstanding
  Including Common Stock
  Equivalents - Primary Basis...... 70,325,502     70,048,604    70,131,230


Primary Earnings Per Share ........      $1.61          $0.71         $1.09
      

Weighted Average Common
  Shares Outstanding
  Including Common Stock
  Equivalents - Fully
  Diluted Basis ................... 70,326,104     70,189,459    70,131,230


Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share ..      $1.61          $0.71         $1.09



</TABLE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>


<PAGE>

Packaging group

The Packaging  Group is Union Camp's  largest  operating  unit,  accounting  for
roughly half our total sales.

The  Group  is  one  of  the  country's  largest  integrated   manufacturers  of
linerboard,  kraft paper and  packaging  and one of the largest U.S.  linerboard
exporters.  It's a  major  manufacturer  of  corrugated  containers,  heavy-duty
shipping sacks and other packaging.

Kraft Paper and Board  Division.  Three of the Group's four packaging  divisions
are  supplied by mills in  Savannah,  Georgia  and  Prattville,  Alabama,  which
produce  nearly 1.8 million tons of linerboard a year.  The Company's  divisions
use  about  two  thirds of that  output,  with the rest  sold in both  U.S.  and
international markets.

The  Container  Division,  the largest of the Company's  converting  operations,
makes corrugated containers, and solid fiber shipping containers and slipsheets.
These products are used for packaging  virtually  every product  manufactured or
grown in the world--from chemicals to appliances to food products. Union Camp is
also entering the corrugated pallet  business--products which perform like wood,
but offer a range of safety,  cost and  environmental  advantages.

The Flexible Packaging Division, the Packaging Group's second largest operation,
produces industrial bags made from paper or film and other non-rigid  packaging.
Multi-wall  and  consumer  bags are made  with  two or more  layers  of paper to
provide strength and offer a high-quality  printing surface.

The Folding  Carton  Division  produces  consumer  packaging for the  cosmetics,
toiletries,  pharmaceutical and food products industries. Leadership is based on
quality structural and graphic design, as well as advanced  printing,  stamping,
embossing  and  die  cutting.

The International  Packaging  Division operates  corrugated  container plants in
Puerto Rico,  Chile,  Spain,  Ireland and the Canary Islands,  and is a minority
partner with Zucamor S.A., a leading container business in Argentina.

                                      9
<PAGE>

1994 results led by
record performances in
linerboard, strong packaging shipments...

Performance  for the  Packaging  Group  was led by record  sales and a  dramatic
increase in  operating  earnings in  linerboard,  mainly  resulting  from higher
prices.  The Packaging  Divisions  within the Group had a sales growth of 10% on
strong demand.  Although the Container Division  experienced another record year
in  volume,  operating  income  was  down  due  mainly  to  the  closing  of the
Centerville,  Ohio plant. Flexible Packaging's performance was affected by lower
margins in its  industrial/consumer  paper operations.  International  packaging
businesses,  however,  turned in strong operating earnings on an 11% increase in
sales.

                                      11
<PAGE>

Fine Paper

Demand is growing
...operating rates are in the
mid-90's...backlogs are tightening.
Prices are moving toward their 1989 peak...
and new near-term capacity additions should be limited.

The Fine Paper Division produces uncoated bleached paper, market pulp and coated
and uncoated bleached paperboard.  Its main business is uncoated free sheet used
for  business   communications   and  direct  mail.   The  Division  also  sells
high-quality  coated and uncoated  paperboard for such premium  applications  as
greeting  cards  and  book  covers. 

Manufacturing is centered in two mills: Franklin,  Virginia, and Eastover, South
Carolina,  two of the most  efficient  operations in the  industry.  Eight paper
machines  have a capacity  of over 1.3  million  tons per year.  This  flexible,
low-cost and  high-quality  system  includes three machines for utility  grades,
three for value-added papers and two for premium paperboard.  Flexibility allows
positioning  in the  highest-opportunity  markets.  The Division  also  operates
facilities  that  produce  packaged  sheet  products  for  printing and business
communications--one at the Franklin mill and another in Sumter, South Carolina.

In addition,  the Division  produces about 100,000 tons of bleached  market pulp
which is sold in both U.S.  and  international  markets.

About  half  of the  Fine  Paper  Division's  production  is  sold  directly  to
manufacturers,  who convert it into  envelopes,  computer paper and direct mail.
Union Camp is the largest envelope paper producer in the world. The Division has
recently introduced recycled-content papers into a number of its markets.

Business and printing papers are sold through paper distributors  throughout the
U.S. and Canada.

An area of increased  focus is the Division's  line of home and office  business
papers for  copiers,  laser and ink jet printers and  plain-paper  faxes.  These
growing  product  lines are sold  under  the  trademark  brands of  Yorktown'r',
Jamestown'r',  Union Camp Top Gun'tm', and Lightning'tm' Laser Opaque. Among the
newest product successes is Great White'tm' Recycled Content  Xerographic paper,
which contains 25% post-consumer fiber.

                                      13
<PAGE>

Rising prices plus
operating strength equal
performance improvement...total tons shipped
were up 4% for the year. The Division's  total sales were up 7% to $824 million.
The results  reflected  a mix of a  difficult  first half of the year and a very
strong second half.  In the first six months...  over capacity and severe winter
weather hurt the market.  In the second six  months...demand  began to rise,  as
imports leveled and inventories  declined.  Prices rebounded strongly.  Uncoated
free sheet  shipments rose 6% during the  year...market  pulp volume was up 15%,
with strong pricing.  Board shipments were down 6%, but prices  recovered in the
second half of the year.

                                      15
<PAGE>

Chemical group

Union Camp's Chemical Group is made up of two separate organizations--Bush Boake
Allen Inc. and the Chemical Products Division.

Bush Boake Allen is one of the world's leading  producers of aroma chemicals and
manufactures a wide range of compounded flavors and fragrances, natural extracts
and essential oils. The Chemical Products  Division converts  by-products of the
pulping process into a variety of chemical products--tall oil fatty acids, rosin
acid, dimer acid,  rosin-based ink resins and adhesive  tackifiers and polyamide
adhesives.

BBA  has  operations   worldwide.   The  Company  produces  aroma  chemicals  at
large-scale  distillation plants in the U.K. and U.S. and compounded flavors and
fragrances in countries around the world.

Chemical  Products,  with plants in the U.S.  and U.K.,  primarily  converts the
by-products  of the  pulping  process  into  higher-value  materials  for  world
markets.  It's one of the largest wood-based  chemical  operations in the forest
products  industry. 

The main  markets  for its key  products,  rosins  and  fatty  acids,  and their
upgraded  derivatives,  are adhesives,  inks,  coatings,  lubricants,  soaps and
personal care products.

                                      17
<PAGE>


Chemical markets
benefiting from global
economic gains...Economic recovery in industrialized
countries  is  strengthening  BBA's  flavor and  fragrance  markets,  with gains
throughout   the   year   in   all   regions.   Highlights   of   world   market
growth...Asia/Pacific,  where demand is growing for flavors  used in  beverages,
dairy  products and prepared  foods and for aroma  chemicals used in detergents,
soaps,  air fresheners and  fragrances.  Flavor and fragrance  markets were both
strong in the Americas.

Chemical  Products markets  improved along with world  economies.  Commodity and
performance  chemical prices gained as both the faster-growing  adhesive and ink
markets showed solid year-to-year growth.

BBA sales increased 11% to $375 million in 1994, while operating income rose 24%
for the year.  Key  factors...strong  aroma  chemical  sales and firming  prices
throughout the year,  growing  demand for  proprietary  musk grades,  production
increases at the Widnes plant, the competitive advantage of leading technologies
in fragrance and flavor compounding and geographic expansion.

Chemical  Products sales hit $200 million,  an 11% gain,  while operating income
was up  strongly.  Key  factors  in two  years  of  improvement...growing  world
markets,  better  pricing  and the new  service  and  efficiency  impacts of the
Division's   reorganization.    Strong   markets,    operational   gains   drive
improvement...

                                      18
<PAGE>

Expansion, process
improvements help meet
growing global demand...While continuing its
aggressive  global  expansion,  BBA is also  upgrading  operations  at both  its
Widnes,  U.K. and  Jacksonville,  Florida aroma chemical  plants to meet growing
market demand for synthetic and musk grades.

Chemical  Products  continued the operational  cost control,  communication  and
organizational   improvements   that  turned  the  business  around  last  year.
Modernizations  and  expansions in the U.S. and U.K.  improved  both  production
efficiency and quality. New rosin resin and polyamide resin capacity in the U.S.
and the U.K. will help meet growing market demand worldwide.

BBA has  well-balanced  sales in major geographic and economic  markets.  Key to
strategies...an  aggressive  international presence to create a network of local
service in growing  markets.  New  locations in the past five  years...Bulgaria,
China, the Czech Republic,  Ireland,  Mexico,  Pakistan,  Poland, Russia and the
United Arab  Emirates.  BBA now has a presence in 37 countries and operations in
19 of them.

Chemical  Products  generates  35%  of  its  sales  in  international   markets.
Again...strategies  center  on  creating  a  presence  close to  customer  need.
Chemical  Products'  network is branching out from its U.S. and European base to
markets in South America and Asia.

                                      19
<PAGE>

Forest Resources group

The Forest  Resources  Group is charged with  obtaining  maximum long term value
from Union Camp's 1.5 million acres of woodlands in Alabama,  Florida,  Georgia,
North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.

Advanced  forestry  techniques  have made Union Camp's  woodlands among the most
productive in the nation.

As  mature  trees  are  harvested,  they're  replaced  by  genetically  superior
seedlings that produce maximum yield.  More than half of Union Camp's acreage is
planted with seedlings that produce triple the yield of natural stands.

The  Wood  Products  business   produces  southern  pine  lumber,   plywood  and
particleboard  panels  primarily for  industrial and home  improvement  markets.
About 40% of its output goes to furniture,  transportation and other industries.
The rest is sold to  manufacturers  of  engineered  systems and lumber  treating
plants.  Nine facilities in Alabama,  Georgia,  North Carolina and Virginia have
the  capacity to produce 485 million  board feet of lumber,  240 million  square
feet of plywood and 100 million square feet of particleboard per year.

Some holdings have highest value in land development. The Branigar Organization,
a  subsidiary,   is  a  highly-regarded  developer  of  residential  and  resort
communities.  Two major  projects  are the  award-winning  Landings,  a golf and
recreation  community on Skidaway  Island near Savannah;  and Champion  Hills, a
golf club community in Hendersonville, North Carolina.

                                      21
<PAGE>

Forest Resources
markets continue gains
in 1994...Lumber markets are seeing a combination of growing
demand  and  tightening  supplies...prices  were  up  significantly.  Industrial
markets and pricing  were also  strong in plywood and  particleboard.  Commodity
lumber  prices  have hit a plateau  with a  softening  in the home  construction
markets...average  prices are still up over year-ago levels.  Industrial  market
prices are continuing to increase.

Wood  Products  turned  in its  fourth  consecutive  year of  record  sales  and
earnings.  Sales were up 12% to $292 million, while operating earnings increased
14%.  Keys  to  the  improvement...strength  in  attractive  industrial  niches,
streamlined  cost-effective operations and demand that continues to run ahead of
supply.  The major  factor in the  performance  of all three  product  lines was
higher prices, with higher wood prices offsetting some of the gain. Volumes were
flat over 1993.  The main  reason...the  short-term  production  impact of asset
changes in the Division's productivity and quality programs.

1994 Another
record year...

                                      22
<PAGE>

Reorganization
focuses on creating the most
value from woodland resources...A rethinking of
the role of the Forest Resources Group two years ago concentrated all activities
on  two  overriding   responsibilities:   providing   internal   customers  with
cost-competitive,  high-quality  fiber and getting  the maximum  return from the
land.  More than 50 teams are  involved in  continuous  improvement  through our
total  quality  philosophy.  A  1994  review  of  the  organization's  structure
streamlined  the fiber  supply chain from the stump to the digester in Savannah.
Branigar's  land  operations  were  brought  into the  Forest  Resources  Group,
consolidating high-value land development in one organization.

                                      23

<PAGE>

Financial Review Union Camp Corporation

Results of Operations

After four  consecutive  years of price and profit erosion,  earnings  rebounded
sharply late in 1994 as paper  product  prices staged a  long-awaited  recovery.
Final quarter earnings were more than triple the same period last year. Overall,
the improvement  reflected  strengthening sales and earnings performances by all
the company's businesses, in particular, the paper and paperboard segment. Total
paper products  shipments reached a record 3.5 million tons in 1994, an increase
of 5% over 1993,  reflecting  improved  global  demand for paper and  packaging.
Total company sales were $3.4 billion in 1994, 9% above 1993 and 11% over 1992.

In 1994,  the company  earned $114 million or $1.62 per share,  more than double
the $50  million or $.72 per share  reported  in 1993 and almost 50% higher than
the $1.10 per share earned in 1992. The 1994 results  include a gain of $.30 per
share on the sale of a minority  interest  in the  company's  Bush  Boake  Allen
flavor and fragrance business.  Offsetting this gain were non-recurring  charges
of $.31 per  share;  $.26 per share  relating  to the write  down of assets  and
disposal of a business  and $.05 per share for  implementation  of SFAS No. 112,
"Accounting for Postemployment Benefits".  Earnings in 1993 included a charge of
$.23 per share to reflect the  increase in the  corporate  income tax rate and a
$.04 per share loss from the sale of the  school  supplies  business,  mitigated
partially by a gain of $.17 per share from the sale of land.

In 1993,  conditions which had adversely affected results of operations in 1992,
namely,  slow growth in U.S.  markets and excess paper  industry  capacity  were
compounded by economic weakness overseas.  Total paper product shipments in 1993
were  level  with the  prior  year.  Consolidated  net  sales in 1993  increased
slightly,  mostly the result of the wood products  business which benefited from
continuing  tight  lumber  supply.  Operating  profits in the Wood  Products and
Chemical segments during 1993 were up significantly over 1992.

Operating  results and other financial  information for the company's  principal
business segments are presented on page 42. A discussion of results of operating
segments follows.

Paper and Paperboard

The principal  operating units in this segment are the two kraft paper and board
mills, the two white paper mills, and the woodlands operations which support the
mills and the wood  products  operation.  Sales in 1994 were  $1.8  billion,  an
increase of 10% over 1993 and 6% above 1992.  Total mill shipments were up 3% in
1994 and operating  profit was $182 million compared to $101 million in 1993 and
$193  million in 1992.  [Chart  Omitted:  Paper &  Paperboard  Operating  Profit
(millions of dollars)

                  1992     $193
                  1993     $101
                  1994     $182].

The  improvement  in 1994  reflects a strong  cyclical  upturn  driven by global
economic  expansion and tight supplies all of which led to higher prices in both
domestic and export markets.  The decline in operating  profit in 1993 reflected
lingering  economic  softness  and new  industry  capacity in uncoated  business
papers which was absorbed later in the economic recovery.

Kraft Paper & Board

Operating profits at the kraft paper and board mills increased six-fold in 1994,
due almost entirely to higher linerboard prices.  Robust global demand, a strong
U.S.  economy and minimal new capacity  created a favorable  operating  climate.
Domestic linerboard prices began to recover in September 1993 and moved steadily
upward through year-end 1994. Selling prices at the end of 1994 were up over 40%
from the prior  year-end.  Price gains in the export  markets  were even higher.
Tight supply conditions in domestic and export markets have continued into 1995.

Company linerboard shipments in 1994 were 8% below the prior year primarily as a
result of a paper machine outage at the Savannah,  Georgia mill during the third
quarter and much of the fourth quarter.  Shipments of other kraft mill products,
saturating and unbleached paper, were up 37% and 5%, respectively.

Direct  manufacturing  costs per ton  increased  4% in 1994.  This  increase  is
primarily  the result of higher wood and waste fiber costs.  Fixed costs rose 5%
in 1994 reflecting higher selling and salary incentive costs.

Operating  profits in 1993  declined by 85% from 1992.  Weakness  in  linerboard
export  markets and  lingering  softness in the U.S.  economy  combined to exert
pressure on domestic linerboard prices.  Domestic linerboard prices averaged 11%
below 1992 and volume was down 9%.

Bleached Paper and Board

Printing  and  writing  paper,  and  market  pulp  are  produced  at the mill in
Eastover,  South  Carolina.  The  company's  Franklin,  Virginia  mill  produces
uncoated white paper,  and coated and uncoated  board.  Total shipments of white
paper products in 1994  increased 4% to 1.34 million tons,  mostly the result of
uncoated  free sheet volume which was up 6%. Net sales were 7% above 1993 and 9%
over 1992.

                                      26
<PAGE>

The year 1994 began with severe  pricing  pressure  in the white paper  markets.
Harsh winter weather constrained white paper consumption and shipments,  leading
to a further  buildup of already  high  industry  inventories.  However,  demand
strengthened  rapidly at the end of the second quarter and prices began a steady
rise.  The  improvement  accelerated in the second half of the year, as uncoated
free sheet demand strengthened, backlogs climbed, imports leveled off, and total
mill  inventories came down.  Operating  profits  increased as a result.  Prices
increased over $200 per ton from their  depressed  level at mid-year and as 1995
began further increases were being implemented.

Direct  manufacturing costs per ton increased 3% in 1994 primarily  attributable
to a higher level of waste fiber and  maintenance  material  costs.  Fixed costs
excluding  depreciation were down slightly in 1994.  Depreciation expense was up
8%.

In 1993, white paper selling prices faltered as a sluggish economy, new industry
capacity and a notable  increase in imports  combined to reverse an upward trend
in uncoated  business paper prices which  occurred  during the first half of the
year.  Bleached board and market pulp prices were also  unfavorable  compared to
the prior year. Operating profits in 1993 declined 25% from the prior year.

Packaging

The Packaging segment consists of corrugated  container,  flexible packaging and
folding carton  operations.  Demand for these products was strong in 1994. Sales
increased 10% to $1.4 billion after an increase of 1% in 1993. Shipments were up
7% in 1994 and 5% in 1993.  Operating  profit in 1994 was $26 million before the
inclusion of special items. These included a charge of $14 million to write down
the value of certain  non-strategic  assets and a $3 million charge to close one
container plant and relocate another operation. Operating profit in 1993 was $29
million  compared to $37 million in 1992.  [Chart Omitted:  Packaging  Operating
Profit (millions of dollars)

                  1992     $37
                  1993     $29
                  1994     $26].

The Container  Division is the largest unit in this segment  operating 24 plants
in the domestic market with sales of $700 million in 1994.  Primary products are
corrugated  and solid fibre shipping  containers.  Shipments for 1994 were up 8%
and at record levels.  Prices rose 7% from the depressed  levels of the previous
year.  Most of the price  improvement  occurred  in the second half of the year.
Direct profit margins increased 2% in 1994.  Operating  earnings were reduced $3
million in 1994 by the closure of the Centerville, Ohio plant and the relocation
of a pre-print  operation.  In 1993,  operating margins benefited from 4% higher
volume and declining raw material  prices  compared to 1992.  These factors more
than offset a 3% decline in average selling prices.

Operating  profit for the company's  international  packaging group continued to
increase.  Excellent improvements were made in Chile and Puerto Rico. Operations
in Spain,  the Canary  Islands  and Ireland  also  contributed  solid  operating
performances in 1994. Revenues from these international converters increased 11%
in 1994 and 13% in 1993.

Operating profits for the company's Flexible Packaging operations  were  down in
1994.  The  decrease  reflects  lower  margins  in the industrial/consumer paper
operations.  This business had a 4% increase in volume but prices  declined  2%,
the  result of a change  in  product  mix. This was reflected in a 3% decline in
profit margins.  Partially offsetting this decrease was a 7% volume  gain in the
polyethylene  films side of the  industrial/consumer business.  Prices increased
4% with most of the  advance  coming in the fourth quarter as raw material resin
price  increases  were passed  through to the end product.

In the third  quarter of 1994,  the company  announced its  withdrawal  from the
retail paper bag market.  The company  recorded an $11.7 million charge relating
to the  shutdown of retail bag  manufacturing  plants in  Savannah,  Georgia and
Richmond, Virginia. This charge is included in other (income) expense-net in the
accompanying  statement of income.  Sales for this  business were $85 million in
1994.

The company's  Folding  Carton  operations  produce  packaging with high quality
graphics,   mostly   for  such  high   value   consumer   goods  as   cosmetics,
pharmaceuticals,  and food products.  Operating profit in 1994 was 12% above the
prior two years.

                                      27
<PAGE>

Wood Products

The Wood  Products  segment  consists of the lumber,  plywood and  particleboard
operations.  The fundamentals in this business remain very positive. The segment
had another record earnings year in 1994.  Operating profit was $79 million,  an
increase  of $9 million  over 1993 and $52 million  above 1992.  Sales were $292
million in 1994,  compared to $262  million  and $207  million in 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  [Chart  Omitted:  Wood  Products  Operating  Profit  (millions of
dollars)

                  1992     $27
                  1993     $70
                  1994     $79].

All product lines continued to benefit from a favorable  supply/demand  balance.
Earnings  for all  operations  increased,  almost  entirely the result of higher
selling prices.  The company's focus on industrial  products markets has allowed
it to avoid some of the price softness in the home construction markets.  Prices
in  1994  were  up 12%  for  the  lumber  and  plywood  operations  and  15% for
particleboard.  Higher wood costs offset some of these gains.  Volumes were flat
year-to-year.

In 1993,  lumber  operations  were  particularly  strong  with  volume up 2% and
average prices 30% above 1992.  Plywood and  particleboard  operations  also had
significant profit improvement over the prior year. Plywood prices increased 18%
and particleboard volume was up 8%.

Chemical

Operating profit for this segment in 1994 was $67 million, well above the record
$49 million in 1993 and more than double the operating profit in 1992. Net sales
were $576  million in 1994,  an  increase  of 11% over 1993 and 15% above  1992.
[Chart Omitted: Chemical Operating Profit (millions of dollars)

                  1992     $29
                  1993     $49
                  1994     $67].

Bush  Boake  Allen  Inc.,  a global  leader  in  flavors,  fragrances  and aroma
chemicals,  is the largest  operating  unit in this segment with  operations  in
thirty-seven  countries.  Earnings  in  this  business  increased  24% in  1994.
Worldwide  flavor and  fragrance  operations  had strong growth in 1994 with all
regions showing gains.  In addition,  the aroma chemical  operations  registered
sharp  earnings  improvement  with  prices for many  grades  firming on stronger
demand.   Recent  capital  investments  also  provided  greater  efficiency  and
productivity.  In 1993,  revenues and operating  profits  increased  driven by a
recovery  in the  international  aroma and terpene  chemical  markets and strong
performance in the U.S. flavor and fragrance operations.

During the second quarter of 1994,  Bush Boake Allen completed an initial public
offering of its common stock. The  establishment of Bush Boake Allen as a public
company  gives  further  market  recognition  to the  growth  potential  of this
business and creates  additional  opportunity to fund future growth.  Union Camp
remains the  majority  owner of this global  business  with a 68%  holding.  The
minority owners' share of pre-tax profits in 1994 was $6.5 million.

The company's  other  chemical unit, the Chemical  Products  Division,  upgrades
papermaking  by-products  and other raw materials into a wide range of products.
Operating  results  improved   significantly   over  the  prior  year.   Pricing
initiatives  in distilled and upgraded  products  kept ahead of  escalating  raw
material prices. Improved product mix also benefited 1994 operations. Margins on
castor-based products also increased from higher volume and prices. In 1993, the
business achieved significant  improvement in operating profit over 1992. Higher
volume and lower raw  material  and fixed costs were the primary  factors in the
earnings increase.

Summary

Income from operations in 1994 was $275 million, an increase of $63 million over
1993 and $94 million above 1992. Significant selling price improvements in paper
products fueled the earnings  increase.  Fourth quarter operating results soared
as a  strong  overall  economy  combined  with  tightening  supply  to  create a
favorable market climate.  These conditions have continued into 1995 and further
price increases are expected. The Wood Products and Chemical segments' operating
results in 1994  surpassed  the prior  year's  record  earnings  levels.  [Chart
Omitted: Income From Operations (millions of dollars)

                  1992     $181
                  1993     $212
                  1994     $275].

Interest Expense

Net  interest  expense was $109  million in 1994, a decrease of $16 million from
1993 and $27 million  below 1992.  The decrease in 1994 was almost  entirely the
result of a higher level of capitalized  interest.  The reduction in 1993 versus
1992 largely  reflects the results of the company's  program to refinance higher
interest rate debt.

                                      28
<PAGE>

Other (Income) Expense-Net

Other (income)  expense in 1994 was expense of $5 million  compared to income of
$13 million and $21 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively. The decrease in 1994
from the prior year is primarily  the result of an $11.7  million  charge on the
withdrawal  from the retail  paper bag  business and a lower level of gains from
the sale of land.

Also in 1994, the company recorded a pre-tax gain of $34.7 million from the sale
of a minority interest in Bush Boake Allen. This gain is presented as a separate
line item, "Gain on Sale of Minority Interest" on the income statement.

The decline in other  income in 1993  compared to 1992  reflects a $4.7  million
loss from the sale of the school  supplies  business,  lower  levels of interest
income and other  non-operating  items which more than offset a higher  level of
gains from the sale of land.

Income Taxes

The effective rate for 1994 was 36.6% compared to 50% in 1993 and 34.8% in 1992.
The increased  rate in 1993 reflects a $16 million charge to adjust the deferred
tax reserve for an increase in the federal income tax rate.

Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources

Internally  generated  cash flow has been and will  remain a  primary  source of
capital to fund the company's growth. Over the last three years, operations have
generated $1.1 billion of cash flow. In 1994,  operations  provided $369 million
of cash flow compared to $418 million in 1993.  Higher net earnings and non-cash
charges in 1994 were offset by  increases  in working  capital  items  primarily
accounts receivable.

The  company's  liquidity  needs are driven  primarily  by its capital  spending
program and acquisition  opportunities that may arise. While these needs will be
met in a significant  way by  internally  generated  cash flow,  the company has
considerable   additional  debt  capacity  should   supplemental   financing  be
necessary.  The ratio of long-term  debt to total  capital  employed (the sum of
long-term debt,  deferred taxes and stockholders'  equity) was 33.9% at year-end
1994 compared to 34.2% at the prior year-end. Stockholders' equity increased $20
million to $1.84  billion in 1994.  Net working  capital,  the excess of current
assets over current  liabilities,  was $67 million at year-end 1994, compared to
$1 million at the end of 1993.  [Chart  Omitted:  Cash  Provided  by  Operations
(millions of dollars)

                  1992     $268
                  1993     $418
                  1994     $369].

Cash provided by investment  activities in 1994 includes $89 million received as
a dividend from Bush Boake Allen (BBA) in connection with the sale to the public
of approximately 6.1 million shares, 32%, of BBA stock.

Capital Expenditures

Capital spending totaled $325 million in 1994 compared with $310 million in 1993
and $220  million  in 1992.  [Chart  Omitted:  Capital  Structure  (millions  of
dollars)

                     1992          1993          1994

  Stockholders'     $1,882       $1,816         $1,836
    Equity

  Deferred Income   $  553       $  583         $  606
    Taxes

  Long-Term Debt    $1,290       $1,245         $1,252].


Included  in 1994  capital  spending  is paper  mill  spending  of $202  million
including  $90  million at the  Franklin  mill to complete  the 300  ton-per-day
deinked pulp  facility and enhance five of the mill's six paper  machines.  This
enables the mill to produce  deinked  pulp,  increase  production  and introduce
recycled  content  grades  along with other  distinctive  higher value grades of
printing and writing papers. Included also in paper mill spending is $37 million
to largely complete a low-odor, energy efficient recovery boiler at the Savannah
mill. This boiler,  one of the world's  largest,  will replace two of the mill's
three units.

Chemical  sector  spending,  including  Bush Boake  Allen,  totaled $25 million.
Spending  at domestic  and  international  packaging  plants was $29 million and
investment at wood products facilities was $15 million.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
($ in millions)                   1994          1993          1992
<S>                               <C>           <C>           <C> 
Plant and Equipment
        (excludes acquisitions):
Expansion &
        Cost Reduction            $172          $119          $ 56
Replacement & Other                110           165           134
Capitalized Interest                22             8            13
Timberlands (acquisition
        & regeneration)             21            18            17
Total                             $325          $310          $220
</TABLE>

                                      29
<PAGE>

At year-end 1994,  purchase  commitments  related to capital  expenditures  were
approximately $24 million,  and the spending backlog under approved projects was
approximately $190 million.  Capital spending in 1995 is expected to decrease to
about $260  million  which  reflects a reduced  level of new  project  approvals
during the past two years.  [Chart Omitted:  Capital  Expenditures  (millions of
dollars)

                  1992     $220
                  1993     $310
                  1994     $325].

Acquisitions and Dispositions

In March 1994,  the company  purchased  Fleetwood  Container & Display,  Inc., a
California-based  graphic  packaging  and  display  company,  at a cost  of $6.5
million. In May 1994, the company's flavor and fragrance subsidiary,  Bush Boake
Allen Inc. sold a 32% minority  interest to the public.  The company  recorded a
$34.7 million pre-tax gain on the sale.

In  September  1994,  the  company  acquired a 30%  interest  in  Zucamor  S.A.,
Argentina's largest independent  corrugated container  manufacturer at a cost of
$22 million and sold its Shelbyville, Kentucky plastic retail bag operations for
approximately $10 million. The company recognized a $3.7 million pre-tax loss on
this sale.

In January 1993, the company acquired a manufacturer of corrugated containers in
Puerto  Rico  at a cost of $16  million  and  disposed  of its  School  Supplies
Division for approximately $32 million.

Dividends

Cash dividends paid in 1994 were $109.1  million.  The annual  dividend rate was
$1.56  per  share in 1994,  1993 and  1992.  Stockholders'  dividends  were paid
quarterly.

Environmental Matters

The company invested approximately $24.5 million in pollution control facilities
in 1994. Over the past five years the investment was approximately  $160 million
or about 7% of the $2.3 billion of capital spending. This included environmental
improvement elements of a large modernization and expansion program completed in
1991 as well as routine replacements of existing assets.

During 1994, the company recorded expenses of $5 million for study,  testing and
remediation in compliance with environmental regulations.

Regulations  proposed by the  Environmental  Protection  Agency in late 1993 and
currently  scheduled for promulgation in 1996 will require an estimated  capital
investment of $200-$300 million spread over several years in the late 1990's. At
present,  quantification  of cost is quite  speculative and subject to variation
with respect to timing. Present indications are that the required investment can
be managed so that annual  spending  levels  will not  materially  detract  from
normal  capital  spending  plans.  The  company  also  believes  that  since its
situation, in relative terms, is similar to that of its competitors,  compliance
will not adversely affect its competitive position.

Accounting Matters

In the first  quarter of 1994,  the company  adopted the  provisions of SFAS No.
112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment  Benefits". The implementation of
this new statement results in a change in the company's method of accounting for
certain  disability,  health care and life insurance benefits provided to former
or  inactive  employees  after  employment  but  before  retirement,   from  the
"pay-as-you-go"  to the accrual basis. The accumulated  obligation as of January
1, 1994 was $6.0  million.  This  obligation,  included  within other  long-term
liabilities,  was recorded in the first quarter of 1994 on a cumulative basis as
a $3.7 million after-tax charge against income.

In the third quarter of 1993,  the company  increased its deferred tax liability
by $16 million to reflect the 1% rate increase as required  under the provisions
of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".

The 1992 results included the effects of adopting two new accounting  standards,
"Employers'  Accounting  for  Postretirement  Benefits  Other Than Pensions" and
"Accounting  for Income  Taxes".  The new  accounting  standards  resulted  in a
cumulative after-tax increase to income of $40.8 million. Income from operations
in 1992 included a pre-tax charge of $57 million for estimated  costs to enhance
workplace safety.

                                      30
<PAGE>

Union Camp Corporation

Quarterly Information
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Net Income (Loss) Before      ($ in thousands, except share and per share)
                                                    Extraordinary Item and
                                                      Accounting Changes                   Net                  Stock Price*
                                              Gross ------------------------    Net     Income   Dividends   ----------------
                                Net Sales    Profit     Amount   Per Share   Income  Per Share   Per Share     High       Low

<S>       <C>                   <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>     <C>      <C>
1994      Fourth Quarter         $922,231  $265,801    $58,319       $0.83  $58,319      $0.83       $0.39   $50      $44 3/8
          Third Quarter           856,271   194,961     21,733        0.31   21,733       0.31        0.39    50 7/8   45
          Second Quarter          827,217   181,013     25,906        0.37   25,906       0.37        0.39    48 3/8   42 1/4
          First Quarter           790,106   164,451     11,268        0.16    7,552       0.11        0.39    50 3/4   43 7/8
1993      Fourth Quarter         $793,778  $181,121    $17,552       $0.25  $17,552      $0.25       $0.39   $48 1/2  $38 3/4
          Third Quarter           778,708   171,674      4,881        0.07    4,881       0.07        0.39    46 3/8   41 1/8
          Second Quarter          786,481   181,072     15,091        0.22   15,091       0.22        0.39    46 3/8   41 1/2
          First Quarter           761,454   169,755     12,519        0.18   12,519       0.18        0.39    49 1/8   41 1/8
1992      Fourth Quarter         $744,344  $166,561    $12,879       $0.19  $ 7,256      $0.11       $0.39   $48 1/4  $40 1/8
          Third Quarter           780,274   183,150     21,146        0.30   20,814       0.30        0.39    48 5/8   41 1/4
          Second Quarter          778,790   188,754     23,274        0.33   22,729       0.32        0.39    54       44 1/2
          First Quarter           760,950   127,059    (14,644)      (0.21)  25,434       0.37        0.39    55 1/8   49
</TABLE>

Net income for 1994 includes a second quarter gain of $.30 per share on the sale
of a minority  interest in Bush Boake Allen. This gain was partially offset by a
second quarter charge of $.16 per share to write down  non-strategic  assets,  a
third quarter charge of $.10 per share to reflect the withdrawal from the retail
paper  bag  business  and a first  quarter  charge  of $.05  per  share  for the
implementation  of SFAS  No.  112,  "Employers'  Accounting  for  Postemployment
Benefits".

Fourth  quarter 1993 net income  includes a gain of $.06 per share from the sale
of land. The fourth quarter of 1992 included a charge of $.08 per share relating
to the loss on the early  retirement  of higher  interest  rate debt.  Partially
offsetting fourth quarter charges in 1992 was income of $.03 per share resulting
from LIFO inventory reserve adjustments.

* The company's  common stock is  listed on the  New York Stock Exchange and the
Pacific Stock Exchange.

The number of stockholders of record at December 31, 1994 was 9,343.


                                      31
<PAGE>

Report of Independent Accountants

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Union Camp Corporation

In our opinion,  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets and the related
consolidated  statements  of income and of cash  flows  present  fairly,  in all
material  respects,  the financial  position of Union Camp  Corporation  and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their  operations
and their cash flows for each of the three  years in the period  ended  December
31, 1994, in conformity with generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  These
financial  statements are the  responsibility of the Company's  management;  our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audits.  We conducted  our audits of these  statements  in  accordance  with
generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material  misstatement.  An audit includes  examining,  on a test basis,
evidence  supporting the amounts and  disclosures  in the financial  statements,
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  and evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We
believe  that our audits  provide a reasonable  basis for the opinion  expressed
above.

As discussed in Notes 1, 10 and 12, respectively,  to the financial  statements,
the Company  changed its methods of accounting  for  postemployment  benefits in
1994 and for income taxes and  postretirement  benefits  other than  pensions in
1992.

Price Waterhouse LLP
Morristown, New Jersey
February 7, 1995


                                      32
<PAGE>


Consolidated Income                                       Union Camp Corporation

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           ($ in thousands, except per share)

For The Years Ended December 31,                                                           1994           1993           1992

<S>                                                                                 <C>            <C>            <C>        
Net sales                                                                           $ 3,395,825    $ 3,120,421    $ 3,064,358
Costs and other charges:
        Costs of products sold                                                        2,524,844      2,360,298      2,290,717
        Selling and administrative expenses                                             329,087        305,616        298,534
        Depreciation and cost of company timber harvested                               253,436        242,883        237,531
        Other operating charges                                                          13,958           --           57,000
                Income from operations                                                  274,500        211,624        180,576
Interest expense                                                                        109,172        124,911        136,240
Gain on sale of minority interest                                                       (34,698)          --             --
Other (income) expense-net                                                                4,862        (13,425)       (21,074)
                Income before income taxes, minority interest, extraordinary item
                  and cumulative effect of accounting changes                           195,164        100,138         65,410
Income taxes                                                                             71,420         50,095         22,755
Minority interest, net of tax                                                             6,518           --             --
                Net income before extraordinary item and
                  cumulative effect of accounting changes                               117,226         50,043         42,655
Extraordinary item: loss on early retirement of debt, net of tax                           --             --           (7,228)
Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax                                      (3,716)          --           40,806
                Net income                                                          $   113,510    $    50,043    $    76,233
Earnings per share:
                Net income before extraordinary item and
                  cumulative effect of accounting changes                           $      1.67    $      0.72    $      0.61
                Extraordinary item                                                         --             --            (0.10)
                Cumulative effect of accounting changes                                   (0.05)          --             0.59
                Net income per share                                                $      1.62    $      0.72    $      1.10
</TABLE>

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      33
<PAGE>


Consolidated Balance Sheet                                Union Camp Corporation


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             ($ in thousands)
December 31,                                                              1994           1993

<S>                                                                    <C>            <C>    
Assets
Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                          $    13,256    $    38,287
Receivables-Net                                                        469,584        389,549
Inventories                                                            413,809        442,518
Other                                                                   54,484         40,364
                                                                       951,133        910,718
Property
Plant and equipment, at cost                                         6,175,539      5,938,975
Less: accumulated depreciation                                       2,745,017      2,540,253
                                                                     3,430,522      3,398,722
Timberlands, less cost of company timber harvested                     254,458        247,368
                                                                     3,684,980      3,646,090
Other Assets                                                           140,465        128,225
                Total Assets                                       $ 4,776,578    $ 4,685,033

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current Liabilities
Current installments of long-term debt                             $    35,899    $    45,869
Notes payable                                                          373,384        426,229
Accounts payable                                                       246,050        219,663
Other accrued liabilities                                              190,879        179,380
Income and other taxes                                                  37,712         38,231
                                                                       883,924        909,372
Long-Term Debt                                                       1,252,249      1,244,907
Deferred Income Taxes                                                  605,643        583,155
Other Liabilities and Minority Interest                                198,441        131,751
Stockholders' Equity
Common stock-par value $1.00 per share                                  70,012         69,833
Capital in excess of par value                                          87,897         81,491
Other equity adjustments                                               (14,661)       (24,176)
Retained earnings                                                    1,693,073      1,688,700
Shares outstanding, 1994-70,011,944; 1993-69,833,130
                Stockholders' Equity-Net                             1,836,321      1,815,848
                Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity         $ 4,776,578    $ 4,685,033
</TABLE>

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      34
<PAGE>

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                      Union Camp Corporation

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    ($ in thousands)
For The Years Ended December 31,                                      1994         1993         1992
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>      
Cash (Used For) Provided By Operations:
        Net income                                               $ 113,510    $  50,043    $  76,233
        Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash
        provided by operations:
                Depreciation, amortization and cost of company
                        timber harvested                           270,850      261,518      253,087
                Deferred income taxes                               27,268       33,838       62,278
                Gain on sale of minority interest                  (34,698)        --           --
                Asset write down and business disposal              25,676         --           --
                Other                                               13,190       (6,744)       2,305
        Changes in operational assets and liabilities:
                Receivables                                        (80,593)      42,083      (84,879)
                Inventories                                         15,880       (3,382)     (23,519)
                Other assets                                         5,175        7,264      (10,178)
                Accounts payable, taxes and other liabilities       12,244       33,800       (6,462)
                                Cash Provided by Operations        368,502      418,420      268,865
Cash (Used For) Provided By Investment Activities:
        Capital expenditures                                      (324,939)    (310,113)    (219,654)
        Payments for acquired businesses                           (25,006)     (11,855)     (11,862)
        Proceeds from sale of businesses-net                         8,239       34,451         --
        Proceeds from sale of assets                                19,114       27,612       15,727
        Proceeds from sale of minority interest                     88,983         --           --
        Other                                                       10,311       17,818        5,942
                                                                  (223,298)    (242,087)    (209,847)
Cash (Used For) Provided By Financing Activities:
        Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                    61,725       21,278      294,630
        Repayments of long-term debt                               (65,574)    (117,588)    (267,126)
        Change in short-term notes payable                         (57,596)         310       30,237
        Dividends paid                                            (109,137)    (108,807)    (108,592)
                                                                  (170,582)    (204,807)     (50,851)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                347         (922)      (1,414)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                   (25,031)     (29,396)       6,753
        Balance at beginning of year                                38,287       67,683       60,930
        Balance at end of year                                   $  13,256    $  38,287    $  67,683
</TABLE>


See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      35
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Union Camp Corporation
($ in thousands, except per share)

1. Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  present the operating  results and the
financial  position of the company and all of its subsidiaries.  All significant
intercompany transactions are eliminated.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investment  instruments with
an original maturity of three months or less.

Inventories

Inventories  are stated at the lower of cost or market and  include  the cost of
materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. Finished goods and raw materials of
domestic  operations  are valued  principally at last in, first out (LIFO) cost.
Supplies and all inventories of foreign operations are valued at first in, first
out (FIFO) or average cost.

Property and Depreciation

Plant and equipment is recorded at cost,  less  accumulated  depreciation.  Upon
sale or retirement, the asset cost and related depreciation are removed from the
balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is included in income.

Depreciation is principally  calculated on a straight-line  basis with lives for
buildings  from 15 to 33 years and for  machinery  and  equipment  from 10 to 20
years. For major expansion  projects,  the company uses the  units-of-production
depreciation  method until  design level  production  is  reasonably  sustained.
Accelerated depreciation methods are used for tax purposes.

The cost of company timber  harvested is charged to income as timber is cut. The
charge to income is the  product  of the  volume  of timber  cut  multiplied  by
annually developed unit cost rates which are based on the relationship of timber
cost to estimated volume of recoverable timber.

Goodwill

The excess of the cost over the fair value of net assets of acquired  businesses
is recorded as goodwill and is amortized on a straight-line  basis over a period
not to exceed 20 years. The company reviews the goodwill  recoverability  period
on a regular basis.

Research and Development Costs

Research and  development  costs are expensed as  incurred.  These  expenditures
totaled $49.2 million in 1994, $45.9 million in 1993 and $44.5 million in 1992.

Capitalized Interest

Interest  is  capitalized  on major  capital  expenditures  during the period of
construction. Total interest costs incurred and amounts capitalized were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1994            1993            1992
<S>                                   <C>             <C>             <C>      
Total interest                        $ 130,800       $ 133,117       $ 149,620
Interest capitalized                    (21,628)         (8,206)        (13,380)
Net interest expense                  $ 109,172       $ 124,911       $ 136,240
</TABLE>

Pre-Start-Up Costs

The company defers  pre-start-up  costs for major expansion  projects until such
projects become operational.  Following the completion of start-up, the deferred
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over a five year period.

Changes in Accounting Standards

Effective  January 1, 1994,  the company  adopted the provisions of Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards  (SFAS) No.  112,  "Employers'  Accounting  for
Postemployment  Benefits",  which  requires  companies to accrue for the cost of
certain  postemployment  benefits including disability related,  health care and
life insurance benefits.

In adopting this standard,  the company recorded a one-time cumulative charge of
$6.0 million  ($3.7 million  after-tax)  in the first  quarter of 1994.  The net
periodic expense for 1994 was $1.3 million.  The company previously expensed the
cost of such benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis. In 1992, the company adopted the
provisions of SFAS Nos. 109 and 106. (Refer to Notes 10 and 12)

Income Taxes

Deferred  income  taxes are recorded  using  enacted tax rates in effect for the
year the differences are expected to reverse. Federal and state income taxes are
not accrued on the  cumulative  undistributed  earnings of foreign  subsidiaries
because the earnings have been reinvested in the businesses of those  companies.
As of December 31, 1994, the total of all such  undistributed  earnings amounted
to $116.7 million. (See also Note 10)

Environmental Liabilities

Environmental  expenditures  that relate to current  operations  are expensed or
capitalized as appropriate.  Liabilities are recorded when remedial  efforts are
probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The timing of these accruals
generally  coincides with the completion of a feasibility study or the company's
commitment to a formal plan of action.

Foreign Currency Translation

The assets and liabilities of the company's foreign  subsidiaries and affiliates
are translated into U.S.  dollars at year-end  exchange rates,  while income and
expense accounts are translated at average annual rates. The primary factor used
to determine the functional  currencies of the company's foreign subsidiaries is
the local currency cash flows resulting from manufacturing,  sales and financing
activities.  Gains and losses  resulting from foreign  currency  translation are
reflected in a separate component of Stockholders'  Equity entitled Other Equity
Adjustments.  The effect of these cumulative adjustments was to reduce equity by
$14.3 million at December 31, 1994 and $23.5 million at December 31, 1993.

Derivatives

The company  hedges  foreign  currency  transactions  by entering  into  forward
foreign exchange contracts.

                                      36
<PAGE>

Gains and losses  associated  with  currency  rate changes on forward  contracts
hedging foreign currency  transactions are recorded to other  income/expense  as
incurred.  Gains and losses on  interest  rate swap  agreements  are  charged or
credited to interest expense over the life of the agreement. (See also Note 7)

Revenue Recognition

The company recognizes revenues upon the passage of title, which is generally at
the time of shipment.

Income Per Share

Net income per share of common stock is based on the weighted  average number of
shares outstanding during the period.

Reclassifications

Certain  amounts  have been  reclassified  for 1992 and 1993 to conform with the
1994 presentation.

2. Other Operating Charges

In the second  quarter of 1994,  the company  recorded a $14.0  million  pre-tax
charge to write down the carrying value of certain non-strategic assets.

In the first quarter of 1992, the company  recorded a $57 million pre-tax charge
to operating income relating to the establishment of a reserve for the estimated
cost of enhancing workplace safety. This was substantially completed in 1994.

3. Gain on Sale of Minority Interest

In the second  quarter of 1994,  Union Camp's flavor and  fragrance  subsidiary,
Bush Boake Allen Inc. (BBA) sold to the public  approximately 6.1 million shares
of BBA stock  (approximately  32% of BBA's  outstanding  shares) at an  offering
price of $16.00 per share.  Union Camp retains  approximately  68% of the 19.215
million shares outstanding after the offering.  As a result of this transaction,
Union Camp recognized a $34.7 million pre-tax gain.

4. Other (Income) Expense-Net

Other  (income)  expense for 1994 includes an $11.7  million  charge to withdraw
from the retail paper bag business.  Partially offsetting this charge was a $9.1
million gain  attributable to the sale of land. The years 1993 and 1992 included
gains of $18.0 million and $10.6 million, respectively, attributable to the sale
of land.

5. Supplemental Balance Sheet Information

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                1994            1993
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
Receivables
Trade                                                   $434,277        $365,504
Net refundable income taxes                                3,218           7,035
Other                                                     48,608          31,636
                                                         486,103         404,175
Less estimated doubtful accounts,
        discounts and allowances                          16,519          14,626
                Net                                     $469,584        $389,549
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                               1994             1993
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>
Inventories
Finished goods                                         $197,086         $228,863
Raw materials                                            98,884           91,685
Supplies                                                117,839          121,970
                Total                                  $413,809         $442,518
</TABLE>

At December 31, 1994 and 1993,  finished goods and raw materials totaling $196.8
million and $221.8 million,  respectively,  were valued at LIFO cost. The excess
of current cost over LIFO value was $78.9  million and $76.0 million in 1994 and
1993, respectively.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December  31,                                               1994            1993
<S>                                                      <C>             <C>
Other  Current  Assets
Short-term timber leases                              $   14,154      $   20,305
Prepayments                                               19,414          15,905
Assets held for resale                                    20,916           4,154

               Total                                  $   54,484      $   40,364

Plant and Equipment, at cost
Land                                                  $   35,435      $   36,831
Buildings and
        improvements                                     535,242         512,895
Machinery and equipment                                5,380,959       5,158,902
Construction-in-progress                                 223,903         230,347
                Total                                 $6,175,539      $5,938,975
</TABLE>

At December 31, 1994, property  (principally  machinery and equipment) having an
original cost of approximately $383 million and a net book value of $182 million
is pledged against lease obligations and notes payable to industrial development
authorities  (see Note 6) which have  outstanding  long-term  balances  totaling
approximately $335 million.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                              1994              1993
<S>                                                   <C>               <C>
Other Assets
Deferred pre-start-up                                 $ 22,502          $ 29,108
Goodwill                                                21,796            22,223
Pension assets                                          26,807            24,713
Other intangibles                                       16,774            19,061
Investments in affiliates                               24,465             1,554
Other                                                   28,121            31,566
                Total                                 $140,465          $128,225
</TABLE>

Short-Term Debt

Included in Notes  Payable at December  31, 1994 and 1993 were $340  million and
$386 million, respectively, of commercial paper borrowings. The weighted average
interest  rates on these  borrowings  for the years  1994 and 1993 were 4.4% and
3.5%,  respectively.

The company has revolving credit  facilities in numerous  countries  outside the
United  States which  provide for  aggregate  availability  of $86  million.  At
December  31,  1994  and  1993,  approximately  $42  million  and  $34  million,
respectively, was outstanding and included in short-term borrowings.  Commitment
fees are  either  nominal or zero.  Covenants,  to the extent  they  exist,  are
presently being met and are expected to be met in the future.

                                      37
<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                             1994               1993
<S>                                                  <C>                <C>
Other Accrued Liabilities
Payrolls                                             $ 61,557           $ 54,010
Interest                                               28,219             29,369
Special charge reserve                                  3,197             21,422
Other                                                  97,906             74,579
     Total                                           $190,879           $179,380

Other Liabilities and Minority Interest
Postretirement and
     postemployment benefits                         $111,845           $ 99,820
Minority interest                                      64,178              2,790
Minimum pension liability                               7,511             10,063
Deferred revenue                                        4,132              4,808
Other                                                  10,775             14,270
       Total                                         $198,441           $131,751
</TABLE>

6. Long-Term Debt

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                   1994         1993
<S>                                                      <C>          <C>
Sinking fund debentures:
       8 5/8% due 1997 - 2016                            $   52,160   $  100,000
        10% due 2000 - 2019                                 100,000      100,000
       9 1/4% due 2002 - 2021                               125,000      125,000
Debentures 9 1/2% due 2002                                  100,000      100,000
Debentures 9 1/4% due 2011                                  125,000      125,000
Debentures 8 1/2% due 2022                                  100,000      100,000
Notes 7 3/8% due 1999                                        50,000       50,000
Medium-term notes due
        1996-2001; 6.7% to 9.54%;
        weighted average rate 9.03%                         206,000      230,000
Industrial Development Revenue
        Bonds; due 2001-2026; 5.2%
        to 8.0%; weighted average
        rate 5.95%                                           43,676       58,737
Pollution Control Revenue Bonds
        due 1996-2024; 4.3% to 7.45%;
        weighted average rate 6.52%                         291,125      241,945
Other notes due 1996-2004                                    13,288       14,225
Commercial Paper                                             46,000         --
                Total                                    $1,252,249   $1,244,907
</TABLE>

The current  portion of long-term  debt at December  31, 1994  amounted to $35.9
million.  Amounts  payable in the years  1996  through  1999 are $45.5  million,
$112.9 million, $60.5 million and $85.0 million, respectively.

At December 31, 1994, $46 million of commercial  paper borrowings was classified
as long-term  debt,  since the company has the ability and intent to renew these
obligations  through  the  year  2000.  The  effective  interest  rate on  these
borrowings  was 8.07%,  inclusive of the net effect of the  interest  rate swap.
(See Note 7)

The  company  has  revolving  credit/term  loan  agreements  which  provide  for
unsecured  borrowings up to $400 million in the United  States.  Any  borrowings
under these  agreements  would incur  interest at the  prevailing  prime rate or
other market rates.  Nominal commitment fees are paid on the unused portion.  No
borrowings were made in 1994 under these agreements.

7. Financial Instruments

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The  carrying  amounts  of  certain  financial  instruments:   cash,  short-term
investments,  trade receivables and payables  approximate their fair values. The
fair value of the company's  long-term debt varies with market conditions and is
estimated  based on quoted market prices for similar  financial  instruments  by
obtaining quotes from brokers.

At December 31, 1994, the book value of long-term debt was $1.25 billion and the
fair  value  was  approximately  $1.29  billion.  The book  value  of all  other
financial instruments approximates their fair value.

Derivative Financial Instruments

The company uses derivative instruments exclusively to hedge the risk associated
with underlying  business  transactions  such as existing floating rate debt and
existing foreign currency  commitments.  Derivatives are not used for trading or
speculative  purposes.  The book value of these derivatives  approximates  their
fair value.

At December 31, 1994, the company had  outstanding  foreign  exchange  contracts
valued at $70.2 million. The purpose of these contracts is to neutralize foreign
currency  transaction  risk  generated by the  company's  firm foreign  currency
business  commitments.  The  change  in value of the  contracts  resulting  from
changes in the  respective  foreign  currency  rates  versus the U.S.  dollar is
accrued  monthly  and  credited  or charged to  foreign  exchange  gain or loss.
Foreign  currency  commitment  exposures  are  evaluated on an ongoing basis and
foreign  currency  contracts  are  adjusted  as  required  to  offset  the  risk
associated  with the  underlying  transactions.  Cash  settlements  are executed
whenever the  contracts  are adjusted  which occurs at least  monthly.  Currency
contracts  are limited to currencies  with  established  forward  markets and to
counterparties, which have Moody's credit ratings of A1 or better.

At  December  31,  1994,  the  company  had an  outstanding  interest  rate swap
agreement  the  purpose of which is to convert  $46  million  of  floating  rate
commercial  paper to fixed rate debt. The swap agreement is based on a declining
principal  balance  schedule which  terminates in April,  2000. The differential
between fixed and floating rate  obligations is accrued as interest rates change
and is charged or credited to interest  expense over the life of the  agreement.
Cash  settlements  will  be  made  quarterly  commencing  April  15,  1995.  The
counterparty has a Moody's credit rating of AA.

                                      38
<PAGE>

8. Stockholders' Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Capital In                        Other
                                                             Common     Excess of      Retained         Equity
                                                              Stock     Par Value      Earnings    Adjustments
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>        
Balance, December 31, 1991                              $    69,461   $    68,919   $ 1,779,823    $    18,053
        Net Income                                             --            --          76,233           --
        Cash dividends ($1.56 per share)                       --            --        (108,592)          --
        Issuance of stock for options and award plans           203         6,989          --               83
        Foreign currency translation                           --            --            --          (29,294)
Balance, December 31, 1992                                   69,664        75,908     1,747,464        (11,158)
        Net Income                                             --            --          50,043           --
        Cash dividends ($1.56 per share)                       --            --        (108,807)          --
        Issuance of stock for options and award plans           169         5,583          --              758
        Foreign currency translation                           --            --            --          (13,776)
Balance, December 31, 1993                                   69,833        81,491     1,688,700        (24,176)
        Net Income                                             --            --         113,510           --
        Cash dividends ($1.56 per share)                       --            --        (109,137)          --
        Issuance of stock for options and award plans           179         6,406          --              253
        Foreign currency translation                           --            --            --            9,262
Balance, December 31, 1994                              $    70,012   $    87,897   $ 1,693,073    $   (14,661)
</TABLE>

The authorized  capital stock of the company at December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
consisted of 125,000,000  shares of common stock, $1.00 par value, and 1,000,000
shares of authorized but unissued preferred stock, $1.00 par value. Common stock
repurchased is included in the authorized but unissued shares of the company.

9. Supplemental Cash Flow Information

Cash paid for income  taxes was $32.4  million in 1994,  $26.1  million in 1993,
(offset by a $64.7 million tax refund), and $26.0 million in 1992. Cash paid for
interest, net of amounts capitalized, was $110.3 million in 1994, $129.3 million
in 1993 and $135.5 million in 1992.

The following  table  summarizes  non-cash  investing  and financing  activities
related to the company's acquisitions in 1994, 1993 and 1992.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                1994          1993          1992
<S>                                          <C>           <C>           <C>    
Fair value of assets
        acquired                             $32,788       $21,399       $19,405
Less: cash paid                               25,006        11,855        11,862
Liabilities incurred or
        assumed                              $ 7,782       $ 9,544       $ 7,543
</TABLE>


10. Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes is comprised of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              1994          1993            1992
<S>                                       <C>           <C>            <C>      
Current:
        Federal                           $ 31,744      $ 14,180       $(37,213)
        State and local                      3,652        (3,639)        (7,953)
        Foreign                              8,756         5,716          5,643
                                            44,152        16,257        (39,523)
Deferred:
        Federal                           $ 22,005      $ 27,317       $ 51,845
        State                                1,827         3,944          6,807
        Foreign                              3,436         2,577          3,626
                                            27,268        33,838         62,278
                Total                     $ 71,420      $ 50,095       $ 22,755
</TABLE>

In 1992, the company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 109. Under the standard,
deferred taxes represent  liabilities to be paid or assets to be received in the
future and tax rate  changes  would  immediately  affect  those  liabilities  or
assets.  The  implementation of this standard reduced the deferred tax liability
by $99.3 million at January 1, 1992. This resulted in an increase in net income.
In 1993 the federal  corporate  income tax rate was  increased  from 34% to 35%.
Consequently,  the deferred tax provision  and the liability for deferred  taxes
were  in-creased  by $15.0  million for prior years and $1.0 million for 1993 to
reflect the full amount of the rate change.

Under this method,  the  cumulative  deferred tax liability at December 31, 1994
and 1993 was $605.6 million and $583.2  million,  respectively.  The significant
components of these liabilities (assets) are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                1994           1993
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>      
Deferred federal taxes:
        Accelerated depreciation                       $ 657,732      $ 632,266
        Alternative minimum tax                         (104,404)       (94,253)
        Postretirement benefits                          (38,297)       (36,414)
        Other                                             14,904         10,900
                Total deferred federal taxes             529,935        512,499
Deferred state taxes                                      56,906         55,424
Deferred foreign taxes                                    18,802         15,232
                Total deferred taxes                   $ 605,643      $ 583,155
</TABLE>

A detailed analysis of the effective tax rate is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1994          1993          1992
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>  
Statutory federal tax rate.                35.0%         35.0%         34.0%
State taxes (net of
        federal tax impact)                 2.2           2.6           2.4
Foreign income taxes                       (0.8)         (1.2)          1.3
Rate change                                  --          15.0            --
Other                                       0.2          (1.4)         (2.9)
Effective rate                             36.6%         50.0%         34.8%
</TABLE>

                                      39
<PAGE>

11. Employee Stock Option Plans

Under the stock option plans adopted in 1982 and 1989 (as amended), a maximum of
2,175,000  shares and 3,595,000  shares,  respectively,  of the company's common
stock were made  available  for the  granting of options and stock  appreciation
rights to officers and other key  employees of the company and its  subsidiaries
at prices not less than 100% of fair  market  value at the dates of grant.  Such
options and stock  appreciation  rights generally  become  exercisable two years
after the date of grant and expire ten years from that date. No further  options
may be granted  under the 1982 plan.  At the end of 1994,  530,121  shares  were
available  for  future  grants  under  the 1989  plan.  The  number  of  options
exercisable under both plans at year-end 1994 was 2,027,577.

Under the 1989  plan,  718,993  shares may be  awarded  as  restricted  stock to
selected  officers and other key employees of the company and its  subsidiaries.
Recipients  of  restricted  stock are entitled to receive cash  dividends and to
vote their respective  shares.  Restrictions limit the sale or transfer of these
shares during a specified  period.  At December 31, 1994,  101,942 common shares
have been issued as  restricted  stock under this plan.  Unearned  compensation,
equivalent  to the market value of the  restricted  shares at date of grant,  is
included  within  Stockholders'  Equity and is  amortized  to  expense  over the
restriction  period.

The following  table  summarizes  activity in the  company's  stock option plans
during 1994, 1993 and 1992. The options  outstanding at December 31, 1994 having
related stock appreciation rights attached totaled 1,090,556.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 1994          1993          1992
<S>                                         <C>           <C>           <C>      
Options outstanding
        beginning of year                   2,894,638     2,517,119     2,217,117
                Granted-$44.38 to
                        $52.38 per share      581,316       617,860       559,200
                Exercised-$14.75 to
                        $45.63 per share     (176,550)     (177,605)     (190,071)
                Cancelled-$14.75 to
                        $46.06 per share      (86,151)      (62,736)      (69,127)
Options outstanding
        end of year                         3,213,253     2,894,638     2,517,119
</TABLE>

12. Postretirement Benefits

The  company  has  a  contributory  postretirement  health  care  plan  covering
primarily  its U.S.  salaried  employees.  Employees  become  eligible for these
benefits when they meet minimum age and service requirements.  The company funds
its plan on a "pay-as-you-go" basis, in an amount equal to the retirees' medical
claims paid.

Effective  January 1, 1992, the company  adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 106.
The implementation of this standard resulted in a change in the company's method
of accounting for postretirement  health care benefits from the  "pay-as-you-go"
to the  accrual  basis.  In adopting  this  standard,  the  company  recorded an
accumulated  postretirement  benefit  obligation  (APBO) of $93.6  million  as a
cumulative charge against income.

The components of the APBO as of December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1994             1993
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>      
Retirees                                             $  63,202        $  66,715
Fully eligible active
        plan participants                                9,630           14,579
Other active plan participants                          29,426           27,465
                                                       102,258          108,759
Unrecognized net gain (loss)                             6,851           (4,584)
Accrued postretirement
        benefit obligation                           $ 109,109        $ 104,175
</TABLE>

The components of the  postretirement  benefit  expense for the years 1994, 1993
and 1992 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1994      1993      1992
<S>                                                  <C>       <C>       <C>
Service cost-benefits
        earned during period                         $ 3,980   $ 3,344   $ 2,744
Interest cost on accumulated
        benefit obligation                             7,818     7,369     7,278
Postretirement benefit
        expense                                      $11,798   $10,713   $10,022
</TABLE>

The discount  rates used to determine  the  accumulated  postretirement  benefit
obligation at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were 8.5% and 7.25%, respectively.  The
discount rates used to determine the annual postretirement  benefit expense were
7.25% for 1994 and 8% for both 1993 and 1992.

For  measurement  purposes,  an 11%  increase in the medical cost trend rate was
assumed for 1994. This rate decreases  incrementally to 5.5% after ten years and
will remain at that level thereafter.  It is estimated that a 1% increase in the
medical cost trend rate would increase the  accumulated  postretirement  benefit
obligation  as of  December  31, 1994 by $12.0  million  and the  postretirement
benefit expense for 1994 by $1.7 million.

                                      40
<PAGE>


13. Pension Plans

The company and  certain  foreign  subsidiaries  have  non-contributory  defined
benefit pension plans covering  substantially  all of their employees.  Benefits
are  based on years of  service  and,  for  salaried  employees,  final  average
earnings. The company funds its plans annually based upon a consistently applied
formula which amortizes the unfunded  liability  adjusted for actuarial gains or
losses.  Assets of the plans are primarily fixed income instruments and publicly
traded stocks.

Pension costs were $14.5  million,  $14.6 million and $9.7 million for the years
1994,  1993 and 1992,  respectively.  The following  tables set forth the funded
status of all  pension  plans for 1994 and 1993 and the  components  of  pension
expense of all pension plans in 1994, 1993 and 1992:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                    1994                                        1993
                                                    Domestic Plans                              Domestic Plans
                                               Assets in     Accumulated       Foreign      Assets in    Accumulated        Foreign
                                               excess of     benefits in         Plans      excess of    benefits in          Plans
                                             accumulated       excess of                  accumulated      excess of
                                                benefits          assets                     benefits         assets

<S>                                            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>      
Actuarial present value of:
        Vested benefit obligation              $ 371,028      $ 193,027      $  84,482      $ 377,840      $ 214,944      $  88,117
        Accumulated benefit obligation           385,892        203,857         85,400        392,658        227,762         89,049
        Projected benefit obligation             438,914        206,555        115,405        480,549        228,657        117,903
Plan assets at fair value                        429,140        170,861        122,785        451,161        198,557        127,592
Projected benefit obligation in
        excess of (less than) plan assets          9,774         35,694         (7,380)        29,388         30,100         (9,689)
Unrecognized net gain (loss)                     (11,872)        20,854        (15,193)       (36,696)        18,914         (8,971)
Unrecognized prior service cost                    2,655        (20,462)          (142)          (112)       (16,751)           (21)
Unrecognized transition asset (obligation)          (302)       (10,600)         3,382           (382)       (13,121)         4,123
Adjustment to recognize minimum liability           --            7,511           --             --           10,063           --
Pension liability (asset) recorded on
        Balance Sheet                          $     255      $  32,997      $ (19,333)     $  (7,802)     $  29,205      $ (14,558)
</TABLE>


At December 31, 1994 and 1993,  the discount rates used to determine the pension
benefit  obligation were 8.5% and 7.25% for the U.S. plans and 9.0% and 7.5% for
the foreign plans,  respectively.

The pension expense for these plans included the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             1994           1993           1992
<S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>      
Service cost-benefits earned
        during the period               $  24,869      $  20,936      $  20,510
Interest cost on projected
        benefit obligations                59,889         56,133         53,927
Actual return on assets                    17,694       (120,589)       (60,884)
Net amortization
        and deferral                      (87,956)        58,075         (3,868)
Total pension expense                   $  14,496      $  14,555      $   9,685
</TABLE>

The discount rates used to establish  annual domestic pension expense were 7.25%
for 1994 and 8.0% for the years 1993 and 1992. The salary  progression  rate for
domestic plans was 5.5% for each year. The expected  long-term rate of return on
domestic plan assets was 9.5% for each year.

For the foreign  plans,  the  discount  rates used to establish  annual  pension
expense were 7.5%,  9.5%, and 10%, for 1994,  1993 and 1992,  respectively.  The
salary  progression rates were 5.5% for 1994, 7.5% for 1993 and 7% for 1992. The
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets was 11.5% for each year.

In 1994 the company  withdrew  from the retail bag  business.  As a result,  the
company  recorded  a  plan  curtailment  charge  of  $1.0  million  and  special
termination benefits of $1.8 million.

14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

The company is involved in various legal proceedings and environmental  actions.
Based upon the company's  evaluation  of the  information  presently  available,
management  believes that the ultimate  resolution of any such  proceedings  and
environmental  actions will not have a material  adverse effect on the company's
financial position, liquidity or results of operations.

The company has  guaranteed  repayment of a term loan up to $15 million  (with a
remaining  term of four years) made by a financial  institution  to an unrelated
entity. The guarantee is secured by the borrower's assets and stock.

                                      41
<PAGE>


15. Segment Information

Operating  results and other  financial  data are  presented  for the  principal
business segments of the company for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and
1992.

Total revenue and  operating  profit by business  segment  include both sales to
customers,  as reported in the  company's  consolidated  income  statement,  and
intersegment  sales,  which are accounted for at prices charged to customers and
eliminated  in  consolidation.  The amount of the  elimination  of  intersegment
profit on any  product  that  remains in  inventory  at the end of the period is
determined  by changes in  quantities of inventory and changes in the margins of
profit.

Operating profit by business  segment is total revenue less operating  expenses.
In computing  operating profit by business segment,  none of the following items
has been added or deducted:  other income, portions of administrative  expenses,
interest expense, income taxes and unusual items.

Identifiable  assets by  business  segment  are  those  assets  used in  company
operations in each segment.  Corporate assets are principally  cash,  intangible
assets,  deferred charges and assets held for resale.  The company's real estate
operations,  Branigar,  have  been  included  within  corporate  items.  Capital
expenditures are reported exclusive of acquisitions.

Total revenue and operating profit from the company's foreign  subsidiaries were
$417 million and $44 million in 1994,  $372 million and $31 million in 1993, and
$371  million and $26 million in 1992.  No  geographic  area  outside the United
States was material  relative to  consolidated  revenues,  operating  profits or
identifiable assets.

Export sales from the United  States were $247 million in 1994,  $209 million in
1993 and $249 million in 1992.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Paper and      Packaging              Wood                     Corporate
                                        Paperboard       Products          Products       Chemical          Items       Consolidated

<S>                                     <C>            <C>               <C>            <C>            <C>                <C>       
1994
Sales to Customers                      $1,123,530     $1,372,084        $  292,254     $  575,770     $   32,187         $3,395,825
Intersegment Sales                         697,959          7,367               135            153       (705,614)*             --
Total Revenue                            1,821,489      1,379,451           292,389        575,923       (673,427)         3,395,825
Operating Profit                           182,234          9,335***         78,520         67,182        (62,771)**         274,500
Identifiable Assets                      3,385,220        669,039           105,743        437,740        178,836          4,776,578
Depreciation & Cost of
        Company Timber Harvested           185,855         35,541            10,997         17,130          3,913            253,436
Capital Expenditures                       247,781         29,545            14,627         27,013          5,973            324,939

1993
Sales to Customers                      $1,057,100     $1,251,875        $  261,569     $  517,090     $   32,787         $3,120,421
Intersegment Sales                         594,126          6,513                24          1,647       (602,310)*             --
Total Revenue                            1,651,226      1,258,388           261,593        518,737       (569,523)         3,120,421
Operating Profit                           101,482         29,483            69,080         48,931        (37,352)**         211,624
Identifiable Assets                      3,320,737        668,069            97,492        389,208        209,527          4,685,033
Depreciation & Cost of
        Company Timber Harvested           175,470         35,514            10,708         16,535          4,656            242,883
Capital Expenditures                       228,859         32,948             7,392         38,813          2,101            310,113

1992
Sales to Customers                      $1,097,316     $1,235,258        $  206,826     $  499,188     $   25,770         $3,064,358
Intersegment Sales                         617,547          5,392                80            709       (623,728)*             --
Total Revenue                            1,714,863      1,240,650           206,906        499,897       (597,958)         3,064,358
Operating Profit                           192,816         37,078            26,330         29,446       (105,094)**         180,576
Identifiable Assets                      3,311,033        663,457            95,364        349,091        326,252          4,745,197
Depreciation & Cost of
        Company Timber Harvested           166,718         35,220            10,953         21,778          2,862            237,531
Capital Expenditures                       151,241         33,153             2,774         29,702          2,784            219,654
</TABLE>

*Elimination of Intersegment Sales.

**Includes intersegment  eliminations and unallocated corporate,  technology and
engineering  expenses of $50,725 in 1994,  $48,071 in 1993, and $49,233 in 1992.
1992 also  includes  a $57.0  million  charge  for  estimated  costs to  enhance
workplace safety.

***Includes  a charge of $13,958  relating  to the write  down of  non-strategic
assets.

                                      42
<PAGE>
Historical Data (1994-1984) Union Camp Corporation
 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             1994               1993               1992               1991
                                                             ----               ----               ----               ----
<S>                                                  <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>         
Operating Results
        Net Sales ................................   $  3,395,825       $  3,120,421       $  3,064,358       $  2,967,138
        Costs and Other Charges ..................      3,121,325          2,908,797          2,883,782          2,692,148
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
                Income From Operations ...........        274,500            211,624            180,576            274,990
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
        Interest Expense .........................        109,172            124,911            136,240             81,750
        Other (Income)-Net .......................        (29,836)*          (13,425)           (21,074)           (11,748)
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
                Income Before Income Taxes, Minority
                        Interest, Extraordinary Item, and
                        Accounting Changes .......        195,164            100,138             65,410            204,988
        Income Taxes .............................         71,420             50,095             22,755             76,978
        Minority Interest, net of tax ............         (6,518)              -                 -                 -
        Extraordinary Item, net of tax ...........           -                  -                (7,228)            (3,220)
        Effect of Accounting Changes, net of tax .         (3,716)              -                40,806               -
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
                Net Income .......................        113,510             50,043             76,233            124,790
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Per Common Share
        Net Income ...............................           1.62               0.72               1.10               1.80
        Dividends ................................           1.56               1.56               1.56               1.56
        Stockholders' Equity .....................          26.23              26.00              27.01              27.88
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Financial Position
        Current Assets ...........................        951,133            910,718          1,016,117            909,990
        Current Liabilities ......................        883,924            909,372            892,115            764,916
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
        Working Capital ..........................         67,209              1,346            124,002            145,074
        Total Assets .............................      4,776,578          4,685,033          4,745,197          4,697,714
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
        Long-Term Debt ...........................      1,252,249          1,244,907          1,289,706          1,348,157
        Deferred Income Taxes ....................        605,643            583,155            553,871            627,120
        Stockholders' Equity .....................      1,836,321          1,815,848          1,881,878          1,936,256
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
        Percent of Long-Term Debt to Total Capital           33.9%              34.2%              34.6%              34.5%
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------
Additional Data
        Cash Provided by Operations ..............        368,502            418,420            268,865            375,041
        Capital Expenditures (excluding acquisitions)     324,939            310,113            219,654            482,638
        Depreciation & Cost of
                Company Timber Harvested .........        253,436            242,883            237,531            209,120
        Tons Sold-Paper & Paperboard Products ....      3,452,604          3,291,255          3,242,511          3,004,980
        Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding     69,954,082         69,740,458         69,604,174         69,270,992
                                                      -----------       ------------       ------------       ------------

</TABLE>

Note: Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform with the 1994
      presentation.

*     Includes $34.7 million pre-tax gain on sale of minority interest in Bush
      Boake Allen.



                                          44

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                       ($ in thousands, except per share)
        1990               1989              1988               1987                 1986              1985              1984
        ----               ----              ----               ----                 ----              ----              ---- 
<C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>         
$  2,839,704       $  2,761,337       $  2,660,918       $  2,361,684       $  2,092,247       $  1,865,871       $  1,973,781
   2,469,017          2,266,561          2,167,264          1,979,788          1,844,957          1,697,109          1,689,252
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
     370,687            494,776            493,654            381,896            247,290            168,762            284,529
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
      31,228             47,800             50,527             61,294             59,702             63,771             27,583
     (26,559)           (22,302)           (24,882)           (22,272)           (18,756)           (17,701)           (18,355)
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------

     366,018            469,278            468,009            342,874            206,344            122,692            275,301
     136,427            169,878            172,863            135,391             76,410             27,600             93,850
           -                  -                  -                  -                  -                  -                  -
           -                  -                  -                  -                  -                  -                  -
           -                  -                  -                  -                  -                  -                  -
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
     229,591            299,400            295,146            207,483            129,934             95,092            181,451
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------

        3.35               4.35               4.25               2.83               1.77               1.30               2.48
        1.54               1.42               1.22               1.14               1.09               1.09               1.09
       27.60              25.47              22.66              20.24              18.62              17.92              17.63
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------

     859,532            721,195            769,323            753,683            626,481            514,534            493,128
     642,776            366,962            326,079            295,618            275,665            344,996            295,757
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
     216,756            354,233            443,244            458,065            350,816            169,538            197,371
   4,403,354          3,413,862          3,094,414          2,919,115          2,776,602          2,660,609          2,566,880
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
   1,221,597            690,149            627,928            632,706            651,539            592,464            608,180
     589,477            581,835            581,080            538,774            478,829            408,057            371,562
   1,910,643          1,754,524          1,559,327          1,452,017          1,370,569          1,315,092          1,291,381
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
        32.8%              22.8%              22.7%              24.1%              26.1%              25.6%              26.8%
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
     386,036            526,685            518,978            447,261            336,661            279,184            354,261
     934,452            556,268            358,671            188,587            212,789            238,958            312,416

     217,416            204,572            190,611            180,015            168,457            152,064            125,909
   2,835,549          2,726,105          2,733,205          2,675,541          2,656,920          2,328,558          2,421,459
  68,550,315         68,836,229         69,433,734         73,391,106         73,533,126         73,328,341         73,210,921
------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
</TABLE>

                                          45

<PAGE>


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT 21
                          SUBSIDIARIES OF UNION CAMP(1)

                                                        JURISDICTION
                                                             OF
NAME OF SUBSIDIARY                                     INCORPORATION

ABC Container Corporation .............................. Delaware

Cartonajes Union, S.A. .................................... Spain

Escort City Enterprises Ltd. ............................ England

    Union Camp Chemicals Limited ........................ England

Fleetwood Container & Display, Inc. .................. California

Forest Land Investments, Inc. .......................... Delaware

Puerto Rico Container Company, Inc. .................... Delaware

Transtates Properties Incorporated ..................... Delaware

    The Branigar Organization, Inc. .................... Illinois

      Branigar Credit Corporation ...................... Illinois

U.C. Realty Corporation ................................ Delaware

Union Camp Patent Holding, Inc. ........................ Delaware

    Bush Boake Allen Inc. .............................. Virginia

      A. Boake Roberts & Company (Holding) Ltd. ......... England

      Bush Boake Allen Limited .......................... England

Union Camp Foreign Sales Corporation ............. Virgin Islands

Union Camp Holdings Chile S.A. ............................ Chile

<PAGE>

Union Camp Holdings Limited ................. Republic of Ireland

    Union Camp Ireland Limited .............. Republic of Ireland

Union Camp International Sales Corporation ............. Delaware

Union Camp Overseas Finance N.V. ........... Netherlands Antilles

Union Camp Technology, Inc. ............................ Virginia

------------------

(1) The  names of other  subsidiaries  have been  omitted,  since  such  unnamed
    subsidiaries in the aggregate would not constitute a significant subsidiary.



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT 23
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 2-62214, 33-23952, 33-25455, 33-25454,
33-28396,  33-30599,  2-91519,  33-60428,  33-60426,  33-54335)  of  Union  Camp
Corporation  of our report  dated  February 7, 1995  appearing on page 32 of the
1994 Annual Report to  Stockholders  which is incorporated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report on
the Financial Statement Schedule, which appears on page 31 of this Form 10-K.

PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Morristown, New Jersey
March 30, 1995



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE>                                          5
<MULTIPLIER>                                       1000
       
<S>                                                                   <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                     YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                                     DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                                                          DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                                                13,256
<SECURITIES>                                                          0
<RECEIVABLES>                                                         486,103
<ALLOWANCES>                                                          16,519
<INVENTORY>                                                           413,809
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                                      951,133
<PP&E>                                                                6,429,997
<DEPRECIATION>                                                        2,745,017
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                                        4,776,578
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                                 883,924
<BONDS>                                                               1,252,249
<COMMON>                                                              70,012
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                                 0
<PREFERRED>                                                           0
<OTHER-SE>                                                            1,766,309
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                                          4,776,578
<SALES>                                                               3,395,825
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                                      3,395,825
<CGS>                                                                 2,524,844
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                                         3,121,325<F1>
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                                      (29,836)<F2>
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                                      0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                                    109,172
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                                       195,164
<INCOME-TAX>                                                          71,420
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                                   117,226<F3>
<DISCONTINUED>                                                        0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                                       0
<CHANGES>                                                             3,716
<NET-INCOME>                                                          113,510
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                                         1.62
<EPS-DILUTED>                                                         1.61
<FN>
<F1>Includes $14 million pre-tax charge to reflect the write down of the carrying value
    of certain non-strategic assets.
<F2>Includes  $34.7 million pre-tax gain on sale  of 32% minority interest in company's
    flavor and fragrance business.
<F3>Reflects adjustment for minority interest (net of tax) of $6,518.
</FN>
        







</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
