-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 MPDHRrFtgpMnZsivxmBetyMIpErsdg0hWRbAGBagKhbRhZkzWAOqOgTaMgCZJ7P+
 sfVecJzqOZwGjkTdZkK2YA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950123-96-000306.txt : 19960201
<SEC-HEADER>0000950123-96-000306.hdr.sgml : 19960201
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-96-000306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951103
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960131
SROS:			NASD
SROS:			PHLX

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103872
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				135658129
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09232
		FILM NUMBER:		96509263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127042400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1133 6TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24H FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VOLT TECHNICAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680913
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                    FORM 10-K
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

(Mark One)

/  X /   Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934 (Fee Required) For the fiscal year ended November
         3, 1995

                                           or

/    /   Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
         Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (No Fee Required) For the transition
         period from                         to                       
                     -----------------------    ----------------------

         Commission File Number: 1-9232

                         VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

       New York                                               13-5658129     
(State or other jurisdiction of                           (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                           Identification No.)

1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York                10020-1579   
(Address of principal executive offices)                       (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:       (212) 704-2400

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                    Name of each exchange on
       Title of each class                                which registered
       -------------------                          -------------------------
12-3/8% Senior Subordinated Debentures,            Philadelphia Stock Exchange
        due July 1, 1998 

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, $.10 par value
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES  X  NO  
                                       ---    ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. / /

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant as of January 16, 1996 (based on the closing price on the NASDAQ
National Market on that date) was approximately $123,000,000 (based on the
number of shares outstanding on that date exclusive of all shares held
beneficially by executive officers and directors and their spouses and the
Registrant's Savings Plan and Employee Stock Ownership Plan, without conceding
that all such persons or plans are "affiliates" of the Registrant).

The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of January 16, 1996 was
9,687,543.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Company's Proxy Statement for its 1996 Annual Meeting are
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.
<PAGE>   2
PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

General

Volt Information Sciences, Inc., a New York corporation, incorporated in 1957,
and its subsidiaries (collectively "Volt" or the "Company", unless the context
otherwise requires) operate in the following industry segments:

(1) Technical Services and Temporary Personnel - This segment provides employee
staffing services, including temporary help, employment and personnel placement
services, technical personnel placement, payrolling and employment outsourcing
services, and other contingent staffing services, as well as some permanent
placement services, to industry and government;

(2) Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems - This segment designs,
develops, manufactures, markets and services computerized imagesetting and
publication systems and equipment. On October 5, 1995, an Agreement and Plan of
Merger was signed which provides for the merger of the business of this segment
with that of Information International, Inc. with Volt owning approximately 59%
of the combined company. (see page 8);

(3) Telephone Directory - This segment provides telephone directory production,
commercial printing, database management including sales and marketing services,
licensing of directory production and contract management software systems and
is an independent publisher of telephone directories;

(4) Engineering and Construction - This segment provides inside and outside
plant construction, business communication engineering, telecommunication system
installation and other support services for the telecommunications industry; and

(5) Computer Systems - This segment designs, develops, sells, leases and
maintains computer-based directory assistance and other data base management and
telecommunications systems and related services for the telephony industry and
provides services to public utilities emphasizing computer-based projects.

Joint Ventures

The Company is a party to a joint venture, which commenced operations in July
1991, with Telstra Corporation Ltd., the Australian government-owned telephone
company, and others for the marketing, selling and compilation functions of
yellow pages directories throughout Australia.

In July 1994, the Company entered into a long-term joint venture agreement to
publish the official White Pages, Yellow Pages and Street Guides for Rio de
Janeiro by acquiring an interest in Telelistas Editora Ltda., a Brazilian
company, which has a contract to publish Rio's telephone directories on behalf
of TELERJ, the government-owned telephone company.

Information As To Industry Segments

The following tables set forth the relative contribution of each industry
segment to the Company's consolidated sales and operating profit (loss) for each
of the three fiscal years in the period ended November 3, 1995, and those assets
identifiable within each segment at the end of each of those years (see Notes J,
K and L of "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" and "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations").

                                      - 2 -
<PAGE>   3
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDUSTRY SEGMENT DATA
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  November        October         October
                                                                  3, 1995         28, 1994        29, 1993
                                                                 ---------        --------        --------
                                                                            (Dollars in thousands) 
<S>                                                              <C>             <C>               <C>     
SALES
Technical Services and Temporary
 Personnel:
   Sales to unaffiliated customers                               $570,514        $433,443          $340,301
   Intersegment sales                                               1,832           1,067             1,304
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
                                                                  572,346         434,510           341,605
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
Electronic Publication and Typesetting
 Systems:
   Sales to unaffiliated customers                                 69,608          64,659            57,081
   Intersegment sales                                                 797             664             2,259
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
                                                                   70,405          65,323            59,340
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
Telephone Directory:
   Sales to unaffiliated customers                                 68,086          72,319            76,924
   Intersegment sales                                               1,681           1,836             2,020
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
                                                                   69,767          74,155            78,944 
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
Engineering and Construction:
   Sales to unaffiliated customers                                 67,179          51,391            46,417
   Intersegment sales                                                 811           1,285             1,056
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
                                                                   67,990          52,676            47,473
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
Computer Systems:
   Sales to unaffiliated customers                                131,920 (a)      99,059 (a)        37,385
   Intersegment sales                                                  40              76               196
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
                                                                  131,960          99,135            37,581    
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
Eliminations of intersegment sales                                 (5,161)         (4,928)           (6,835)
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
   Total sales                                                   $907,307        $720,871          $558,108
                                                                 ========        ========          ========
OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS)
Technical Services and Temporary Personnel                        $28,117         $16,337            $7,360
Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems                        456           1,334             2,040
Telephone Directory                                                 1,506           6,695             8,153
Engineering and Construction                                        6,178             792            (1,128)
Computer Systems                                                    6,395          (2,168)           (8,549)(a)
Eliminations                                                         (159)             (8)             (310)
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
    Total operating profit                                         42,493          22,982             7,566
Interest and other income - net                                     1,055             790             2,125
Equity in income (loss) of joint ventures                          (1,000)          3,055             4,940
Gain on sale of joint venture                                                       9,770
General corporate expenses                                         (9,408)         (9,263)           (8,769)
Interest expense                                                   (6,045)         (7,468)          (11,078)
Foreign exchange gain (loss) - net                                    186             (39)             (378)
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
Income (loss) before income taxes, extraordinary
  item and cumulative effect of a change
  in accounting                                                   $27,281         $19,827           $(5,594)
                                                                 ========        ========          ========
</TABLE>


                                      - 3 -
<PAGE>   4
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDUSTRY SEGMENT DATA--Continued
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              November             October           October
                                                               3, 1995            28, 1994          29, 1993
                                                              --------            --------          --------
                                                                           (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>                  <C>              <C>    
IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS
Technical Services and Temporary
   Personnel                                                 $ 52,955             $ 40,230         $ 30,248
Electronic Publication and Typesetting
   Systems                                                     37,532               36,276           32,350
Telephone Directory                                            32,135               28,941           31,830
Engineering and Construction                                   31,812               21,836           19,547
Computer Systems                                               44,887               50,273           39,394
                                                             --------             --------         --------
                                                              199,321              177,556          153,369
Cash, investments, joint ventures
  and other corporate assets                                   64,690               49,348           82,523
                                                             --------             --------         --------
  Total assets                                               $264,011             $226,904         $235,892
                                                             ========             ========         ========
</TABLE>

(a)   The results of operations for fiscal 1993 includes a pretax charge of
      $6,400,000 for estimated costs in excess of anticipated revenues under
      contracts for two major directory systems. This represents the loss
      incurred on such contracts. The completed contract method of accounting
      was used for these contracts and, as a result, revenues and the related
      costs (other than those costs in excess of anticipated revenues recognized
      in 1993) are recognized in income in the year of acceptance by the
      customer. In fiscal 1994 and 1995, the Company received customer
      acceptance under such contracts, which, because of the pretax charge in
      1993 related to such contracts, had no effect on the Company's earnings
      for 1994 and 1995 although revenues (and costs) of $59,000,000 and
      $15,000,000 were recognized in 1994 and 1995, respectively.

                                      - 4 -
<PAGE>   5
Technical Services and Temporary Personnel

Volt's Technical Services and Temporary Personnel segment provides, from
approximately 160 offices located throughout the United States, a broad range of
employee staffing services, including temporary help and other contingent
staffing services, employment and personnel placement services, technical
personnel placement, payrolling services, employment outsourcing services and
employee leasing services, as well as permanent placement services, to a wide
range of customers. Except for professional employer services, which are
marketed under the name "Shaw & Shaw", the remainder of this segment's services
are identified and marketed throughout the United States as "Volt Services
Group".

      Volt Services Group

      Volt Services Group is a single-source provider of all levels of temporary
      help, offering to customers an extensive range of contingent employment
      services as a full-service supplier, including providing outsourcing
      services, as well as assuming full responsibility for staffing,
      supervision and the management of large projects.

      Volt Services Group provides contract engineering services, professional,
      engineering, design, data processing, scientific and technical support
      personnel and temporary help in administrative, clerical, office
      automation, accounting, industrial and other job classifications, for
      varying periods of time (both short and long term), to companies and other
      organizations (including government agencies) in a broad range of
      industries which have a need for such personnel, but are unable, or do not
      choose, to engage such personnel as their own employees.

      Volt Services Group has been successful in obtaining several large
      national contracts which typically involve servicing numerous customer
      facilities, on-site Volt representation and customized
      invoicing/management reports. Employees assigned to a single customer
      under a national account range from light industrial to high level
      engineers or Information Technology professionals, depending upon the
      customer's requirements. A single contract could have as many as several
      thousand Volt Services Group employees at one time providing services to
      the customer. The bidding process for national accounts is very
      competitive and Volt is usually in competition with all major temporary
      service firms. Most contracts are for a one to three-year time period, at
      which time they are typically rebid. Others are for shorter periods and
      are defined in terms of the duration of a particular identified project or
      subproject or a particular need which has arisen which requires additional
      or substitute personnel and, simply expire upon completion of the project
      or when the particular need ends. While Volt has no assurances that it
      will maintain the accounts that it currently has nor that it can obtain
      additional accounts on satisfactory terms, this segment maintains a group
      dedicated to the acquisition, implementation and follow-up of national
      accounts.

                                      - 5 -
<PAGE>   6
      Volt Services Group provides personnel to companies throughout a broad
      spectrum of industries, including the computer, electronics,
      manufacturing, aerospace, defense, telecommunications, utility, power
      (including certain nuclear and fossil fuel power plants), architectural,
      engineering, transportation, petrochemical, chemical, retail, finance,
      banking, insurance and marine industries and to government agencies and
      universities. Most customers are located throughout the United States, but
      a small portion of the segment's services are performed outside the United
      States.

      Volt Services Group furnishes temporary employees to meet various client
      requests, such as assigning employees to a specific identified project or
      subproject or to meet a particular need that has arisen, (which employees
      are typically retained until its completion), substituting for permanent
      employees during vacation and sick leave, staffing high turnover
      positions, filling in during the full-time hiring process or during a
      hiring freeze and staffing seasonal peaks, special projects, conversions,
      inventories and offices that are downsizing. Volt also provides management
      personnel to coordinate special projects, thus relieving a customer of the
      need to supervise temporary employees.

      Volt Services Group provides the services of employees with a wide variety
      of skills, ranging from technical, engineering, computer and other
      professional and scientific classifications to clerks, typists, office
      automation personnel, secretaries, receptionists, sales promotion
      personnel, bank personnel, customer service representatives,
      telemarketers, data entry clerks, inventory clerks, assemblers,
      warehousing personnel and other clerical and administrative personnel.
      Volt Accounting Specialists provides specialized temporary personnel in
      accounting, bookkeeping and other financial classifications.

      Volt Services Group maintains computerized nationwide resume databases
      consisting of approximately 300,000 engineers, computer professionals and
      other technical, professional and scientific candidates, from which it
      fills customer job requirements for this level of employees. These
      individuals are frequently willing to relocate to fulfill these
      assignments. Lesser skilled employees are generally recruited and assigned
      locally, and these resumes are maintained in data bases at branch offices.

      Employees hired by this segment become Volt employees during the period of
      their assignment (which typically ranges from as little as one day to
      several years). As the employer of record, Volt is responsible for the
      payment of salaries, payroll taxes, workers' compensation and unemployment
      insurance and other benefits, which may include paid sick days, holiday
      and vacation pay and medical insurance.

      Shaw & Shaw

      Shaw & Shaw, Inc. specializes in professional employer services (formerly
      known as employee leasing). Shaw & Shaw shares the employer
      responsibilities with its client companies, typically serving as the
      administrative employer of record for either the entire full-time
      workforce or for a specific department or division of the client company.
      Services provided by Shaw & Shaw include

                                      - 6 -
<PAGE>   7
      complete human resource management, legal and regulatory compliance,
      comprehensive health benefits, retirement plans and administration,
      workers' compensation insurance, loss control and risk management and
      payroll and payroll tax administration. Shaw & Shaw, utilizing the
      purchasing power of the Company, is able to provide cost savings in health
      care, workers' compensation insurance, and labor administration to its
      customers, as well as relieving them of much of the paperwork
      responsibility involved with maintaining employees.

      Shaw & Shaw provides services on a long-term basis to large and small
      client companies, in a broad spectrum of industries, including domestic
      and international airlines, retail, convenience markets, country clubs,
      restaurants, building contractors, petroleum, manufacturing, grocery,
      medical, maintenance, janitorial, banking, aerospace, and computer.

This segment also provides a limited number of direct full-time employees to
existing customers, the majority of whom have previously been assigned on a
temporary basis and whom the clients desire to hire as direct full-time
employees.

During the week ended November 3, 1995, this segment provided approximately
22,600 employees to its customers.

The segment is not dependent upon a single customer or a few customers, the loss
of which might have a materially adverse effect upon its business. However, some
of this segment's national contracts are large, and the loss of any large
contract could have a negative effect on this segment's business until the
business could be replaced. The segment anticipates that a contract with one
customer, which accounted for approximately 7% of revenues for fiscal 1995, will
expire because the customer no longer has a need for those employees. Although
in recent years Volt has won more contracts than it has lost and/or has
succeeded in replacing expired contracts with other contracts, and although the
segment expects to replace the revenues from such contract with additional
business from existing and new customers and has obtained several national
contracts expected to begin during the first half of fiscal 1996, there can be
no assurance that it will continue to be able to do so and, even if it does,
there can be no assurance that revenues from an expired contract will be
immediately replaced. While the markets for the segment's services include a
broad range of industries throughout the United States, general economic
difficulties in specific geographic areas or industrial sectors have in the
past, and could in the future, affect the profitability of this segment.

Downward pressures on this segment's operating margins are anticipated for
fiscal 1996 due to higher employee insurance costs and increases in overhead to
open new offices and replace the business of the customer mentioned above.

The segment competes with many technical service, temporary personnel and other
contingent staffing firms, some of which are larger than Volt, as well as with
individuals seeking direct employment. However, Shaw & Shaw does not now face a
high level of competition from other national services; at present, the
competition is composed primarily of small, local companies that generally have
lower overhead.

                                      - 7 -
<PAGE>   8
The ability of Volt to compete successfully for customers depends on its
reputation, pricing and quality of services provided and its ability to engage,
in a timely manner, personnel meeting customer requirements. Many of the
contracts entered into by this segment are of relatively short duration and
competition is intense. Many of the contracts under which the segment operates
are awarded on the basis of competitive proposals which are periodically rebid
by the customer. Although Volt has been successful in obtaining various short
and long-term contracts in the past, margins under such contracts have decreased
in many instances. Certain contracts have expired and there can be no assurance
that contracts will be renewed on satisfactory terms or that additional or
replacement contracts will be awarded to the Company.

Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems

Volt, through its subsidiary, Autologic, Incorporated and certain other Volt
subsidiaries (collectively "Autologic"), designs, develops, manufactures,
assembles, integrates, markets, sells, installs and maintains computerized
imagesetting (computer-based electronic optical systems) and publication systems
equipment and software that automate the various prepress production steps in
the publishing process. Autologic's products are primarily marketed and sold to
the newspaper publishing and commercial printing industries and to companies and
other organizations having internal publishing facilities.

On October 5, 1995, an Agreement and Plan of Merger was signed which provides
for the merger of the business of this segment with that of Information
International, Inc. (Triple I), a publicly traded company. Under the terms of
the Agreement, the entire business of this segment is to be acquired by
Autologic Information International, Inc. (AIII) a new, wholly-owned Delaware
subsidiary of the Company, incorporated for this purpose. Triple I is then to be
merged into AIII on the basis of one share of Triple I common stock being
converted into one share of AIII. Following the merger and depending on the
occurrence of certain contingencies, Volt will own approximately 59% of the
outstanding shares of AIII and the former shareholders of Triple I will own
approximately 41% of the shares of AIII. The shares of AIII will be listed on
the NASDAQ National Market. A registration statement on Form S-4 has been filed
by AIII with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (File No.
33-99278) which describes the transaction in detail. The closing is expected to
take place prior to the end of January, 1996.

Autologic's systems consist of computers and computer-controlled products used
for output of text and graphic files to raster image processors, laser imagers
and platemakers and telecommunications systems and interface products. These are
marketed as individual products or are integrated into systems in a variety of
hardware and software configurations which allow them to be structured to meet
the specific customer system requirements. Autologic has traditionally focused
on high-volume and deadline-driven customers and, while striving to retain its
leadership role in these areas, is attempting to utilize its core capabilities
to expand into the lower-volume, less time-sensitive commercial publishing and
electronic document transmission markets.

Autologic's family of products is based on a concept of total product line
integration. The system architecture provides a modular and flexible networked
design based on industry standard platforms. This approach supports upgrading as
products evolve, new products are developed and technologies change.

                                      - 8 -
<PAGE>   9
To ensure customer service for its products on a worldwide basis, Autologic
maintains, either itself or through its distribution network, offices worldwide
with trained technicians and spare parts inventories. The service and support
network provides remote diagnostics and on-line assistance using
state-of-the-art telecommunication links, as well as on-site repair
capabilities. Autologic believes its products have a good reputation for high
performance, image quality, and reliability in high volume production
environments.

The Company's principal product and service lines, which are integrated into
Autologic systems to meet specific customer requirements, or are sold
individually, are:

      Graphics Servers and Controllers - Graphic server and controllers are
      computer-based systems which receive and store scanned graphics and
      pictures, merge them with text files and page layout instructions, and
      direct the output of completed pages to raster image processors and laser
      output recorders. They also monitor the status of work in progress and
      availability of output devices.

      Laser Imaging Systems - Laser imaging systems consist of raster image
      processors ("RIPs"), which are computer-based systems that interpret page
      description instructions and create bit arrays, and output recorders,
      which use computer controlled lasers to image bit arrays received from
      RIPs onto film or printing press plate material. Autologic offers a family
      of high performance RIPs based on Harlequin Ltd.'s implementation of the
      Postscript page description language (PostScript is a registered trademark
      of Adobe Systems, Incorporated for a programming language, which has
      become a publishing industry standard).

      Telecommunications Systems - Precision laser scanners, graphic servers and
      laser imaging systems are linked together by computer-controlled devices
      to permit the management, transmission, receipt and remote production of
      graphic arts-quality ads, photographs, and complete pages via satellite,
      integrated services digital networks, microwaves, or high-speed telephone
      services throughout the world. These systems are designed to meet customer
      needs created by the decentralization of the publishing industry, with
      many new printing facilities built at a distance from the editorial
      center. These telecommunications systems also enable creators at remote
      sites to send text and graphics electronically to central printing sites
      for editing and printing.

      Interface Products - Autologic has developed a system architecture which
      allows RIPs to interface to multiple types of imaging devices. Autologic's
      hardware and software interfaces permit Autologic products to interface
      with other Autologic products, as well as with prepress products provided
      by others.

The design and manufacture of Autologic-built subassemblies and all system
assembly is performed in Autologic's facilities in Thousand Oaks, California.
This segment purchases certain completed subassemblies and manufactures others.
Most of the parts and subassemblies used in the production of this segment's
products are purchased from numerous suppliers and are integrated into Autologic
products.

                                      - 9 -
<PAGE>   10
Autologic maintains a worldwide technical support and service organization,
which supports and services the full range of Autologic products, which is
headquartered in Thousand Oaks, California, with regional offices located
throughout the United States, in London, England, and in Sydney, Australia.
Autologic operates in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Germany,
France, Spain, Sweden, Israel, Canada, the Caribbean and Mexico. Local
distributors and agents sell and service Autologic products in the remainder of
the worldwide markets. Autologic has recently expanded its network of
distributors and agents with a view to increasing sales worldwide, especially in
areas of emerging economic growth.

Autologic's position in its markets depends largely upon its reputation, the
quality, design and pricing of its products, the timeliness of its deliveries,
and its field service. The markets in which the segment competes are marked by
rapidly changing technology and, although Volt continues its investment in
research and development, there is no assurance that this segment's present or
future products will be competitive, that the segment will continue to develop
new products or that present products or new products can be successfully
marketed.

The market for this segment's products is highly competitive. Technological
advancements, "open system" architecture and general market conditions have
created a market where price competition is commonplace. The product mix has
changed as Autologic has expanded into commercial publishing and document
transmission markets, with an increase in low-margin products in direct
competition with products of many other manufacturers, and a decrease in sales
of some high margin products. A number of firms, some of which are substantially
larger and have substantially greater financial resources than Volt,
manufactures one or more products competing with one or more of the segment's
products. Some of these competitors sell their products as complete systems, for
some of which Autologic has no competing system.

The Company holds several patents and trademarks related to this segment's
products, but does not believe that these patents or trademarks are material to
the segment.

Sales made outside the United States to unaffiliated foreign customers of
products manufactured or assembled in the United States amounted to $36,200,000
in fiscal 1995, $31,200,000 in fiscal 1994 and $26,000,000 in fiscal 1993. In
the past, Autologic has been adversely affected by general economic recessions
in the United States and in other countries where Autologic products are sold.
In addition, a significant portion of Autologic's business is in the newspaper
publishing industry, which has in the past, experienced significant revenue
downturns during recessions. These downturns resulted in reductions in capital
expenditures by that industry, adversely affecting Autologic's performance.

Telephone Directory

Volt's Telephone Directory segment consists of the Directory Systems/Services
division, the DataNational division, the Uruguay operations and the Advanced
Technologies, Research & Development division.

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>   11
Directory Systems/Services

Volt's Directory Systems/Services division markets to directory publishers and
utilizes internally highly specialized systems, including both open and
proprietary, which it developed, as well as, third-party off-the-shelf software.
The division has integrated and maintains these systems for managing the
production and control of databases for directory and other advertising media
publishers. These systems are capable of implementing and maintaining databases,
producing digitized display advertisements and photocomposing pages using
equipment manufactured by Autologic and others, with integrated graphics for
yellow and white pages directories as well as CD ROM and Internet directories.
These systems are marketed to publishers incorporating "workflow management" by
which ads are automatically routed between workstations, increasing thru-put and
control.

The Directory Systems/Services division customized these software/hardware
systems, to meet the needs of publishers who desire to perform their work
in-house. The division also provides outsourcing services for advertising,
database management and publication to publishers who choose not to do the work
in-house. These systems are sold or licensed and the services are performed for
directory publishers and others worldwide. The Directory Systems/Services
division also provides directory management systems and various photocomposition
services to a number of regional telephone and independent directory publishers,
licenses production system software to directory publishers and provides
commercial services, such as composition, data processing and database
management services to other customers.

The Directory Systems/Services division separately markets workstations which
are used to facilitate the creation of telephone directories. These include a
graphics workstation (RAD-GRAF), containing Volt-developed software, which
facilitates incorporating special graphic effects in the presentation of ads for
merging text and graphics on a finished page. Another workstation is the
Real-time Incolumn Display (RID) workstation, an on-line electronic galley
editor which allows last minute alterations and insertions of ads and listings,
while displaying the composed results as they will appear on the finished page.

Services are rendered under various short and long-term contracts and are
performed primarily at facilities maintained by Volt in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania;
Indianapolis, Indiana; Anaheim and San Diego, California; and, in one instance,
at the customer's facility.

DataNational

Volt's DataNational division publishes community telephone directories in
Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina and Arkansas. During fiscal 1995 it added new
directories in Hampton and Newport News in Southern Virginia, and
Winchester/Front Royal in Northern Virginia. Additionally, the Company announced
the start of new directories in Charlotte, North Carolina, and Norfork,
Virginia, which will be published in fiscal 1996. This brings the total
community, county and regional directories to 59, an increase of eighteen over
the last five years.

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>   12
      Uruguay Operations

      This operation produces, publishes and prints the official white pages and
      yellow pages directories for the government-owned telephone company in
      Uruguay, and sells yellow pages advertising for the yellow pages
      directory. The Uruguay operation also performs commercial printing in
      Uruguay for customers in the Mercosur common market (Uruguay, Argentina
      and Brazil).

      Advanced Technologies, Research & Development

      Volt's Advanced Technologies, Research & Development division researches
      and implements new product lines and adopts new computer technology for
      internal office and business processing automation.

      This division, through its Volt Consulting Services branch, provides the
      Company, as well as non-affiliated customers, with data processing
      consulting, applications development, and software systems integration
      services.

The Company holds several patents and trademarks related to this segment's
products, but does not believe that these patents or trademarks are material to
the segment.

This segment faces intense competition with respect to all of these services and
products from other suppliers and from in-house facilities of potential
customers. Some of its significant competitors are companies which are larger
and have substantially greater financial resources than Volt. Volt's ability to
compete in its Telephone Directory segment depends upon its reputation,
technical capabilities, price, quality of service and ability to meet customer
requirements in a timely manner. Volt believes that its competitive position in
this segment's areas of operations is augmented by its ability to draw upon the
expertise and resources of its other segments.

This segment's position in its markets depends largely upon its reputation, the
quality, design and pricing of its products and the timeliness of its
deliveries. Although Volt continues its investment in research and development,
there is no assurance that this segment's present or future products will be
competitive, that the segment will continue to develop new products or that
present products or new products can be successfully marketed.

A substantial portion of Volt's business in this segment is obtained through
submission of competitive proposals for contracts that typically expire in one
to three years and are then rebid. While the segment has obtained various short
and long-term contracts, margins under such contracts have decreased in many
instances. Certain contracts expired in 1995 and others will expire in 1996
through 2000. While the Company is endeavoring to secure renewals and/or
extensions of these contracts, some of which are material to this segment, and
to obtain replacement business, there can be no assurance that contracts will be
renewed or extended on satisfactory terms or that additional or replacement
contracts will be awarded to the Company.

                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>   13
Engineering and Construction

The Engineering and Construction segment consists of the Voltelcon and Advanced
Technology Services divisions.

      Voltelcon

      Volt's Voltelcon division furnishes a wide range of telecommunications
      services, including engineering, construction, maintenance, installation,
      removals and distribution of telecommunications products. Its customers
      are telephone operating companies, interexchange carriers, alternative
      local transport carriers, telecommunications equipment manufacturers,
      cable television and electric power companies, government units and
      private entities. It performs these services primarily in the central
      office, outside plant and at end user premises.

      Advanced Technology Services

      Volt's Advanced Technology Services (ATS) was established in 1994 to meet
      the challenges of the "Information Super Highway" and the merging of
      voice, data and video services to telephony, broadband and other providers
      of information system services, such as telephone companies, interexchange
      carriers, government and private industry. ATS accommodates clients in the
      telecommunications industry who require a full range of services from
      multiple Volt business segments, such as human resources, facilities,
      equipment, vehicles, systems analysis, network integration, software
      development and turnkey applications.

This segment faces substantial competition with respect to all of its
telecommunications services from other suppliers and from in-house capabilities
of potential customers. This segment experienced increased sales and realized a
profit in fiscal 1995; nevertheless, competition remains intense, often
resulting in low margins. Some of this segment's significant competitors are
larger and have substantially greater financial resources than Volt. Other
competitors are small, local companies, that generally have lower overhead.

Volt's ability to compete in this segment depends upon its reputation, technical
capabilities, price, quality of service and ability to meet customer
requirements in a timely manner. Volt believes that its competitive position in
this segment is augmented by its ability to draw upon the expertise and
resources of other Volt segments.

A substantial portion of Volt's business in this segment is obtained through
submission of competitive proposals for contracts that typically expire in one
to three years and are then rebid. While the segment has obtained various short
and long-term contracts, margins under such contracts have decreased in many
instances. Certain contracts expired in 1995 and others will expire in 1996
through 1998. While the Company is endeavoring to secure renewals and/or
extensions of these contracts, some of which are material to this segment, and
to obtain replacement business, there can be no assurance that contracts will be
renewed or extended on satisfactory terms or that additional or replacement
contracts will be awarded to the Company. There can be no assurance that this
segment will continue to be profitable.

                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>   14
Computer Systems

The Computer Systems segment is comprised of Volt Delta Resources and Volt
Viewtech.

      Volt Delta Resources

      Volt Delta Resources ("Volt Delta") is engaged in the design, programming,
      sale and/or lease, and maintenance of computer information systems and
      services, primarily for the telecommunications and financial markets. The
      segment's headquarters are located in New York, New York. Volt Delta
      operates as two business units: Information Systems and Maintech.

      Volt Delta's Information Systems division markets operator services
      solutions to telephone companies and interexchange carriers worldwide.
      Although, in the past, the division's services consisted of the
      development and sale of turnkey systems to its customers, because some of
      these companies have expressed an interest in upgrading the operator
      services capabilities by procuring the services as an alternative to
      making a capital investment in systems, Volt Delta has begun marketing
      directory assistance capabilities on a services basis on an access basis.
      This service is marketed as Directory Express, with Volt Delta owning and
      operating its own proprietary Delta Operator Services System (DOSS) and
      providing access to a national database, although there have not been any
      sales in fiscal 1995. Directory Express is a transaction-based service
      designed to offer Directory Assistance (DA) operators worldwide, with
      access to over 120 million United States business, residential and
      government listings. For consumer (end user) and especially for roaming
      mobile users, Directory Express is expected to provide a more convenient
      and efficient level of directory assistance service since, among other
      things, consumers may obtain directory information without having to know
      the correct area code.

      DOSS allows telecommunication customers to interface interactively with
      voice response units through the touch tone pad of their telephones and
      via limited voice recognition technology. These features provide new
      revenue sources to the telephone company from such applications as call
      completion, customized intercept and automated directory assistance.
      Although the basic DOSS system is offered to customers who wish to
      purchase systems, typically each customer will require some special
      features, and in some instances, extensive customization to attain service
      differentiation.

      During 1993 and 1994, Volt Delta entered into several contracts for the
      sale of DOSS and DOSS-related services with major telecommunication
      customers, one of which is based in the United Kingdom and whose DOSS
      system is in its final stages of implementation. Several other DOSS
      contracts for system deliveries were completed and accepted during 1994
      and 1995, while other contracts are in-process. During 1995, Volt Delta
      introduced its Operator and Agent Services Integration System (OASIS),
      which provides operator services providers open access to multiple
      information-based databases.

                                     - 14 -
<PAGE>   15
      Volt Delta's services division, Maintech, provides installation planning,
      database creation, system and network monitoring, computer operations, and
      system maintenance services to DOSS and Directory Express customers. As a
      complementary line of business, Maintech provides an array of services to
      customers who have purchased computer systems and networks from others.
      These services include project management, system and network design and
      implementation, Help Desk support, workstation and PC integration, as well
      as maintenance services on DEC, SUN, Silicon Graphics, IBM RS/6000 and
      other advanced technology product lines.

      In order to fulfill its commitments under its contracts, Volt Delta is
      required to develop advanced computer software programs and purchase
      substantial amounts of computer and related equipment manufactured by
      unaffiliated corporations. Much of the equipment required for these
      contracts is purchased as needed and is readily available from a number of
      suppliers.

      Volt Viewtech

      Volt's Viewtech subsidiary supports energy and water conversion
      initiatives through management, financial, and technical services provided
      to the utility industry, major financial institutions, trade associations,
      and manufacturers. Viewtech is a certified Fannie Mae lender and a
      national service provider for automatic meter reading firms. Viewtech
      manages the nations largest residential water conservation rebate program
      in New York City and provides similar conservation services to utilities
      nationwide. Viewtech develops proprietary software and systems which it
      licenses and uses to support its business operations. Viewtech is
      headquartered in Anaheim, California, and operates through three regional
      offices, located in Little Rock, Arkansas; San Francisco, California and
      Atlanta, Georgia, with project offices located throughout the country.

Although Volt continues its investment in research and development, there is no
assurance that this segment's present or future products will be competitive,
that the segment will continue to develop new products or that present products
or new products can be successfully marketed. The inability to sell additional
major systems would have an adverse effect on this segment's business.

The Company holds several patents and trademarks related to this segment's
products, but does not believe that these patents or trademarks are material to
the segment.

The business environment in which this segment operates is highly competitive.
Some of this segment's principal competitors are considerably larger than Volt
and have substantially greater financial resources. This segment's position in
its market depends largely upon its reputation, quality of services and ability
to develop, maintain and implement information systems on a cost competitive
basis.

Under the completed contract method of accounting used by this segment, revenues
together with related costs are recognized in income upon acceptance by the
customer. Since sales of systems under DOSS contracts are generally recorded
upon customer acceptance, acceptance in a particular year may affect the
comparability of results with other years. Although sales of systems are
normally not recurring, a larger installed base provides opportunities for
future expansion of existing customer systems, system enhancement sales and
maintenance revenue.

                                     - 15 -
<PAGE>   16
Joint Ventures

A subsidiary of the Company is a shareholder in Pacific Access Pty. Ltd.
("Pacific Access"), a joint venture company in Australia. This venture, which
commenced operations in July 1991, assumed responsibility throughout Australia
for the marketing, selling and compilation functions of all yellow pages
directories of Telstra Corporation Ltd., the Australian Government-owned
telephone company, under the terms of a twelve-year contract. Telstra
Corporation Ltd. owns fifty percent of the voting common stock of Pacific
Access, while subsidiaries of Volt, Southwestern Bell, Bell Canada and Edward H.
O'Brien Industries each hold twelve and one-half percent.

In July 1994, the Company acquired an interest, consisting of 50% of the common
shares and 75% of the redeemable preferred shares and debt, in Telelistas
Editora Ltda., a Brazilian company which has a long-term contract to publish the
official White Pages, Yellow Pages and Street Guides for the City of Rio de
Janeiro on behalf of TELERJ, the government-owned telephone company.

For further information concerning the Company's operations and joint ventures,
see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations".

Research and Development

During fiscal years 1995, 1994, and 1993, the Company expended approximately
$6,989,000, $6,262,000, and $5,830,000, respectively, on research and
development, all of which is Company sponsored. The major portion of research
and development expenditures were incurred in the Electronic Publication and
Typesetting Systems segment, the Telephone Directory segment and the Computer
Systems segment.

Customers

No customer represented more than 10% of the Company's consolidated revenues for
the year ended November 3, 1995. For the 1995 fiscal year, the Telephone
Directory segment's sales to one customer represented approximately 24% of the
total sales of that segment; the Engineering and Construction segment's sales to
two customers represented approximately 31% and 20% of the total sales of that
segment; and the Computer Systems segment's sales to three customers represented
approximately 30%, 17% and 12% of the total sales of that segment. Each of these
segments is dependent on such respective customers. In the event that there were
a loss of one or more of these customers by the respective segment, unless the
business is replaced by that segment, there could be an adverse effect on that
segment's business, although the Company does not believe that there would be an
adverse effect on the business of the Company taken as a whole.

Seasonality

Historically, the Company's results of operations have been lower in the first
fiscal quarter as a result of reduced requirements for its technical and
temporary personnel due to the holiday season. In addition, Pacific Access (see
"Joint Ventures" above) produces a major portion of its revenues and
significantly all of its profits in the Company's second and third fiscal
quarters. The Uruguayan telephone directory operation produces a major portion
of its revenues and most of its profits in the Company's fourth fiscal quarter,
and DataNational is adversely affected in the Company's first fiscal quarter due
to the seasonality of its directory closing schedule.

                                     - 16 -
<PAGE>   17
Employees

During the week ended November 3, 1995, Volt employed approximately 26,800
persons, including approximately 22,600 persons who were on temporary assignment
for the Technical Services and Temporary Personnel segment.

Volt is a party to two collective bargaining agreements which cover a small
number of employees. Volt believes that it has satisfactory relations with its
employees.

Certain of the services rendered by Volt's Electronic Publication and
Typesetting Systems, Telephone Directory and Computer Systems segments require
highly trained technical personnel in specialized fields which are currently in
short supply and, while the Company currently has a sufficient number of such
technical personnel in its employ, there can be no assurance that in the future
these segments can continue to employ sufficient technical personnel necessary
for the successful conduct of such services.

Regulation

The Company's business is not subject to specific industry government
regulations. In connection with foreign sales, it is subject to the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and export controls. The export of certain technologies
are restricted. At the present time, and with respect to the countries in which
the Company's Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems, Telephone
Directory and Computer Systems segments currently sell most of their products,
the sale of their current products, both hardware and software, are permitted
pursuant to a general export license. An expansion of sales to countries
designated by the United States as sensitive would be subject to more
restrictive export regulations.

See also Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations.

                                     - 17 -
<PAGE>   18
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company occupies 41,000 square feet at 1221 Avenue of the Americas, New
York, New York, under a lease which expires in 2000. The facility is shared by
its corporate headquarters, its Computer Systems' segment headquarters and a
regional headquarters of its Technical Services and Temporary Personnel segment.
The following table sets forth certain information as to each of the Company's
other major facilities:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Sq. Ft.
                                                                       Leased                  If Leased,
                                                                         or                   Year of Lease
Location                     Business Segment                           Owned                  Expiration  
- --------                     ----------------                         --------                -------------
<S>                          <C>                                      <C>                     <C>
Anaheim,                     Telephone Directory                       39,000 *                    owned
California

El Segundo,                  Technical Services and                    20,000                      owned
California                     Temporary Personnel
                             Telephone Directory

Thousand Oaks,               Electronic Publication and               134,000                      owned
California                     Typesetting Systems

Orange,                      West Region Headquarters                 200,000 *                    owned
California                   Accounting Center
                             Technical Services and
                               Temporary Personnel
                             Telephone Directory
                             Computer Systems

San Diego,                   Technical Services and                    20,000                      owned
California                     Temporary Personnel

Norcross,                    Electronic Publication and                13,000                       1998
Georgia                        Typesetting Systems
                             Technical Services and
                               Temporary Personnel
                             Engineering and Construction

Indianapolis,                Telephone Directory                       22,000                       1998
Indiana
</TABLE>

                                     - 18 -
<PAGE>   19
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES - Continued
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Sq.Ft.
                                                                        Leased                   If Leased,
                                                                          or                   Year of Lease
Location                     Business Segment                            Owned                   Expiration  
- --------                     ----------------                           ------                 -------------
<S>                          <C>                                        <C>                    <C>

Pleasanton,                  Computer Services                          35,000                      1996
California

Wallington,                  Computer Services                          32,000                      1997
New Jersey

Blue Bell,                   Telephone Directory                        52,000                      1996
Pennsylvania                 Technical Services and
                                Temporary Personnel

Montevideo,                  Telephone Directory                        27,000                      1997
Uruguay

Chantilly,                   Telephone Directory                        18,000                      2000
Virginia                     Computer Systems
                             Technical Services and
                                Temporary Personnel

Redmond,                     Technical Services and
Washington                      Temporary Personnel                     21,000                      1998
</TABLE>

* See Note G of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information
regarding a term loan secured by these properties.

In addition, the Company leases space in approximately 170 other facilities
throughout the United States and Europe (excluding month-to-month rentals), each
of which consists of less than 10,000 square feet. These leases expire at
various times from 1996 until 2000 (with one, in the United Kingdom, expiring in
2010).

At times, the Company leases space to others in the buildings which it owns if
it does not then require the space for its own business.

The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its presently
anticipated requirements and that it is not dependent upon any individually
leased premises.

For additional information pertaining to properties, see Note I of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                     - 19 -
<PAGE>   20
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         Not applicable.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         Not applicable.

Executive Officers

WILLIAM SHAW, 71, a founder of the Company, has been President and Chairman of
the Board of the Company for more than the past five years and has been employed
in executive capacities by the Company and its predecessors for over forty
years. He is the brother of Jerome Shaw.

JEROME SHAW, 69, a founder of the Company, has been Executive Vice President and
Secretary of the Company for more than the past five years and has been employed
in executive capacities by the Company and its predecessors for over forty
years. He is the brother of William Shaw.

IRWIN B. ROBINS, 61, has been a Senior Vice President of the Company since
September 1985. For more than five years prior thereto, he served as Vice
President and General Counsel of the Company.

JAMES J. GROBERG, 67, has been a Senior Vice President of the Company since
September 1985. Mr. Groberg also served as Treasurer of the Company from
September 1985 to January 1994 and Executive Vice President and Treasurer of the
Company from July 1973 until April 1981.

HOWARD B. WEINREICH, 53, has been General Counsel of the Company since September
1985 and served as Associate General Counsel of the Company from September 1981
until he assumed his present position.

JACK EGAN, 46, has been Vice President - Corporate Accounting and Principal
Accounting Officer since January 1992. For more than five years prior thereto,
he served as Assistant Controller of the Company.

DANIEL G. HALLIHAN, 47, has been Vice President - Accounting Operations since
January 1992. For more than five years prior thereto, he served as Director of
Corporate Financial Planning & Control.

LUDWIG M. GUARINO, 44, has been Treasurer of the Company since January 1994. For
more than five years prior thereto, he served as Assistant Treasurer of the
Company.

                                     - 20 -

<PAGE>   21
ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The Company's common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and is
quoted on the NASDAQ National Market (NASDAQ Symbol-Volt). The following table
sets forth the high and low prices of Volt's Common Stock as reported by NASDAQ,
and reflects interdealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1995                             1994              
                                                  ------------------------           -----------------------
Fiscal Period                                      High              Low              High             Low
- -------------                                      ----              ---              ----             ---
<S>                                               <C>              <C>              <C>               <C>      
First Quarter                                     $14-3/4          $12-7/8          $ 9-1/2           $7-3/4
Second Quarter                                     16-5/8           13-5/8            8-3/4            7-3/4
Third Quarter                                      16               14-1/8            9-1/8            8-1/8             
Fourth Quarter                                     24-3/4           14-5/8           13-3/8            8-3/8
</TABLE>


Restated to reflect a two-for-one stock split effected on October 6, 1995.

The approximate number of record holders of the Company's common stock at
January 16, 1996 was 414.

Cash dividends have not been paid during the two-year period ended November 3,
1995. The Company has agreements, which contain financial covenants, the most
restrictive of which requires the Company to maintain a tangible net worth of
$84,000,000. At November 3, 1995, this condition was met and the amount
available for dividends was $17,265,000 (see Note G of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements).


                                     - 21 -
<PAGE>   22
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Year Ended (Note 1)
                                                          ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            November        October          October       October        November
                                                            3, 1995         28, 1994         29, 1993      30, 1992       1, 1991
                                                          -----------     -----------     -----------     ----------    ----------
                                                                         (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<S>                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>       
Revenues                                                  $   907,362     $   734,486     $   565,173     $  530,567    $  483,632
                                                          ===========     ===========     ===========     ==========    ==========

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before extraordinary items and cumulative
 effect of a change in accounting                         $    16,386*    $    12,044*    $    (3,674)*   $    1,091*   $      345*
Extraordinary items-gains (losses) on the
 repurchases of debt, net of income taxes--Note 2                 (62)           (271)            579
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
 for income taxes--Note 3                                                                         959
                                                          -----------     -----------     -----------     ----------    ----------

Net income (loss)                                         $    16,324     $    11,773     $    (2,715)    $    1,091    $      924
                                                          ===========     ===========     ===========     ==========    ==========

                                                                                          Per Share Data

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before extraordinary items and cumulative
 effect of a change in accounting                         $      1.70*    $      1.26*    $      (.38)*   $      .11*   $      .04*
Extraordinary items                                              (.01)    $     (.03)                                          .06
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
 for income taxes                                                                                 .10
                                                          -----------     -----------     -----------     ----------    ----------

Net income (loss)                                         $      1.69     $      1.23     $      (.28)    $      .11    $      .10
                                                          ===========     ===========     ===========     ==========    ==========

Number of shares used in computation--Note 4                9,634,334       9,605,492       9,597,726      9,580,762     9,696,636

Total assets                                              $   264,011     $   226,904     $   235,892     $  226,502    $  214,590

Long-term debt, net of current portion                    $    28,819     $    40,788     $    58,095     $   81,076    $   86,103
</TABLE>



Note 1--Fiscal 1995 was comprised of 53 weeks, while fiscal years 1991-1994 were
each comprised of 52 weeks.

Note 2--See Note G of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for fiscal
years 1995 and 1994. The extraordinary items in fiscal year 1991 result from
repurchases at a discount of $3,570,000, respectively, face value of the
Company's 12-3/8% Subordinated Debentures.

Note 3--See Note F of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Note 4--See Note A of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the basis
of determining the number of shares used in the computation.

Note 5--Cash dividends have not been paid during the five-year period ended
November 3, 1995.

*  The results from continuing operations include the following gains and
   (losses) on the sale or write-down of marketable securities: 1994 - ($7,000);
   1993 - $199,000 or $.02 per share; 1992 - $541,000 or $.06 per share and 1991
   - ($910,000) or ($.09) per share.

   The results of operations for fiscal 1993 includes a pretax charge of
   $6,400,000 or ($.44 per share) for estimated costs in excess of anticipated
   revenues under two contracts for major directory assistance systems. In
   fiscal 1994 and 1995, the Company received customer acceptance under such
   contracts, which, because of the pretax charge in 1993 related to such
   contracts, had no effect on Company's earnings for 1994 and 1995, although
   revenues (and costs) of $59 million and $15 million were recognized in 1994
   and 1995, respectively.

   The results of fiscal 1992 include a reversal of a portion of prior years'
   business tax expenses of $1,070,000 ($.08 per share) and a charge of $722,000
   ($.05 per share) relating to a portion of a facility under lease until fiscal
   1994 which is no longer being utilized.

   The results of fiscal 1991 include a gain of $6,658,000 ($4,053,000, net of
   taxes, or $.42 per share), net of legal expenses, due to the settlement of
   litigation and a $288,000 gain ($.02 per share) applicable to the repurchase,
   at a discount, of $2,330,000 face value of the Company's 12-3/8% Subordinated
   Debentures used to satisfy the 1992 sinking fund requirement. In July 1991,
   the Internal Revenue Service concluded its examination of the Company's tax
   returns for the fiscal years 1980 through 1988. Accordingly, $1,473,000 ($.15
   per share), included in the liability for income taxes at November 2, 1990
   applicable to such years in excess of the amount payable as a result of the
   examination, has been included as a tax benefit in fiscal 1991.


                                     - 22 -
<PAGE>   23
ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The information which appears below relates to prior periods, the results of
operations for which periods are not necessarily indicative of the results which
may be expected for any subsequent periods. Management has made no predictions
or estimates as to future operations and no inferences as to future operations
should be drawn. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
Industry Segment Data in Item 1 of this Report and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto which appear in Item 8 of this Report.

Results of Operations - Summary 

Revenue in fiscal 1995 increased by $172,876,000, or 24%, from fiscal 1994, as
sales increased by $186,436,000, or 26%. Revenue in fiscal 1994 increased by
$169,313,000, or 30%, from fiscal 1993, as sales increased by $162,763,000, or
29% and the Company realized a $9,770,000 gain on the sale of a joint venture.
The increase in sales in 1995 and 1994 include increases in the Computer Systems
segment of $32,825,000 and $61,554,000, respectively, due to the completion of
several long-term contracts and increases in the Technical Services and
Temporary Personnel segment of $137,836,000 and $92,905,000, respectively.

In fiscal 1995, the Company had income of $27,281,000 before income taxes and
extraordinary items, compared to $19,827,000 in fiscal 1994 and a loss of
$5,594,000 before income taxes and a cumulative effect of a change in accounting
in fiscal 1993. The 1994 results include a $9,770,000 pretax gain on the sale of
a joint venture. The 1993 results included a $6,400,000 pretax charge for
non-recoverable costs under two large contracts. The principal increases in
operating profit in 1995 were from Technical Services and Temporary Personnel
segment, with an increase of $11,780,000, and the Computer Systems segment, with
an increase of $8,563,000. The principal increases in the operating profit in
1994 were from Technical Services and Temporary Personnel, with an increase of
$8,977,000, and Computer Systems, where losses were reduced by $6,381,000.

The extraordinary items in fiscal 1995 and 1994 were losses of $62,000 and
$271,000, respectively, due to the early redemption at par of $10,000,000 and
$30,000,000 face value of the Company's 12-3/8% Subordinated Debentures.

The cumulative effect of a change in accounting of $959,000 in fiscal 1993 was
due to the Company adopting Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes".

The net income in fiscal 1995 and 1994 was $16,324,000 and $11,773,000,
respectively, compared to a net loss in fiscal 1993 of $2,715,000.

The 1995 fiscal year includes 53 weeks, compared to 52 weeks in fiscal 1994 and
1993.

Results of Operations - Segments

The Company's consolidated operating profit was $42,493,000 in fiscal 1995,
compared to $22,982,000 in fiscal 1994 and $7,566,000 in fiscal 1993. (See
Industry Segment Data in Item 1 of this Report and Note J of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report).

The Technical Services and Temporary Personnel segment's sales increased by
$137,836,000, or 32%, in fiscal 1995 to $572,346,000 and by $92,905,000, or 27%,
in fiscal 1994, to $434,510,000. Operating profit of the segment increased by
$11,780,000, or 72%, to $28,117,000 in fiscal 1995 and


                                     - 23 -
<PAGE>   24
ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
              CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS--Continued

by $8,977,000, or 122%, to $16,337,000 in fiscal 1994. In fiscal 1995 and 1994,
approximately $56,000,000 and $60,000,000, respectively, of the segment's sales
increase was the result of business with new customers, with pre-existing
customers accounting for the balance. One new customer accounted for
approximately $38,000,000 of the increase in sales in fiscal 1995. It is
anticipated that the segment's services to that customer will no longer be
required subsequent to January 31, 1996. The operating profit increases in
fiscal 1995 and 1994 were due to the increased sales volume and increases in
gross margin (.9 percentage points in 1995) resulting from lower workers'
compensation insurance and other costs partially offset by increases in overhead
to support the additional sales. Downward pressures on operating margins are
anticipated for fiscal 1996 due to higher employee insurance costs and increases
in overhead to open new offices and replace the business of the customer
mentioned above. Although the markets for the segment's services include a broad
range of industries throughout the United States, general economic difficulties
in specific geographic areas or industrial sectors have in the past, and could
in the future, affect the profitability of this segment.

The Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems segment's sales increased by
$5,082,000, or 8%, to $70,405,000 in fiscal 1995 and increased by $5,983,000, or
10%, to $65,323,000 in fiscal 1994. The sales increases were primarily due to
increased equipment sales in overseas markets (1995) and domestic and overseas
markets (1994). Despite the increase in sales, operating profits decreased by
$878,000, or 66%, in fiscal 1995 to $456,000 and by $706,000, or 35%, in fiscal
1994 to $1,334,000 primarily due to a reduction in the gross margin of 2.3 and 4
percentage points in 1995 and 1994, respectively, partially offset by a 1.2 and
3 percentage point decrease in total operating expenses expended per sales
dollar in 1995 and 1994, respectively. The decrease in the gross margin
percentage resulted from a change in the product mix (a decrease in sales of
some high-margin products and an increase in sales of some low-margin items
which are in direct competition with other manufacturers' products). The markets
in which the segment competes are marked by rapidly changing technology, with
sales in fiscal years 1995, 1994 and 1993 of equipment introduced within the
last three years comprising approximately 84%, 84% and 65%, respectively, of
equipment sales. See Note P of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
information concerning a pending acquisition.

The Telephone Directory segment's sales decreased by $4,388,000, or 6%, to
$69,767,000 in fiscal 1995 and decreased by $4,789,000, or 6%, to $74,155,000 in
fiscal 1994. In fiscal 1995, the segment's operating profit decreased by
$5,189,000, or 78%, to $1,506,000. In fiscal 1994, the segment's operating
profit decreased by $1,458,000, or 18%, to $6,695,000. The fiscal 1995 sales
decline is due to a decrease in telephone directory production volume, primarily
related to the expiration of a contract in early 1995, which generated sales of
$9,000,000 in fiscal 1994, partially offset by increases in independent
directory sales by the segment's DataNational division and increased volume in
the Uruguayan printing operation of 16% and 15%, respectively. The fiscal 1995
decline in operating profit was due to the lower telephone directory production
sales volume, an increase in costs to develop new directory management systems
and start-up losses incurred in the automated production of newspaper display
advertisements. The 1994 sales decline is primarily due to the absence in 1994
of revenue from the sale of automated directory systems which occurred in 1993,
partially offset by increased independent directory sales by the segment's
DataNational division and a 4% increase in telephone directory production. The
operating profit decline in 1994 was due to the absence in 1994 of high margin
automated directory system shipments made in 1993. This segment's services are
rendered under various short and long-term contracts which expired in fiscal
1996 through 2000. There can be no assurance that they will be renewed or
replaced on similar terms.


                                     - 24 -
<PAGE>   25
ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS--Continued

The Engineering and Construction segment's sales increased by $15,314,000, or
29%, to $67,990,000 in fiscal 1995 and by $5,203,000, or 11%, to $52,676,000 in
fiscal 1994. In fiscal 1995 and 1994, the segment had a profit of $6,178,000 and
$792,000, respectively, compared to a loss of $1,128,000 in 1993. The fiscal
1995 sales increase was due to a 37% increase in the construction division and
an 8% increase in the business systems division. Operating results improved due
to the increased sales volume, an increase in the gross margin of 1.3 percentage
points and a 6.8 percentage point decrease in overhead expended per sales
dollar. The 1994 sales increase was due to increases in the Advanced Technology
Services division and installation services partially offset by a decline in
engineering revenue. Operating results improved in fiscal 1994, due to increased
sales volume and improved gross margins.

The Computer Systems segment's sales increased by $32,825,000, or 33%, to
$131,960,000 in fiscal 1995 and increased by $61,554,000, or 164%, to
$99,135,000 in fiscal 1994. The segment had an operating profit in fiscal 1995
of $6,395,000, as compared to an operating loss of $2,168,000 and $8,549,000 in
fiscal 1994 and 1993, respectively. The 1995 and 1994 sales included revenues of
$85,000,000 and $64,500,000, respectively, recognized on customer acceptance of
several major Delta Operator Service Systems (DOSS). The fiscal 1995 increase in
sales and operating profit was primarily due to customer acceptance of six DOSS
contracts, increased maintenance revenues and increased sales and profits on
conservation services to utilities. The fiscal 1994 sales increase was primarily
due to customer acceptance and revenue recognition of two DOSS contracts.
Operating profit improved in 1994, primarily due to the absence in 1994 of a
$6,400,000 charge taken in 1993 for costs not recoverable on two contracts, one
completed in fiscal 1994 and the other in fiscal 1995. Under the completed
contract method of accounting used by this segment, revenues together with
related costs are recognized in income upon acceptance by the customer. Since
sales of systems under DOSS contracts are generally recorded upon customer
acceptance, acceptance in a particular year may affect the comparability of
results with other years. Although sales of systems are normally not recurring,
a larger installed base provides opportunities for future expansion of existing
customer systems, system enhancement sales and maintenance revenue.

Results of Operations - Other

Interest income increased by $673,000, or 50%, in fiscal 1995 and decreased by
$45,000, or 3%, in fiscal 1994. The fiscal 1995 increase was primarily due to
higher prevailing rates and additional funds available for investment in
interest-bearing securities (see "Liquidity and Capital Resources", below). The
decrease in fiscal 1994 was primarily due to reduced funds available for
investments in interest-bearing securities.

The Company's equity in the net loss of its joint ventures was $1,000,000 in
1995, compared to net income of $3,055,000 and $4,940,000 in 1994 and 1993,
respectively. In February 1994, the Company sold for $16,400,000 its 50%
interest in Pacific Volt Information Systems, a joint venture, which composed
telephone directories in California under a contract that was due to expire in
1996.


                                     - 25 -
<PAGE>   26
ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS--Continued

The sale resulted in a pretax gain of $9,770,000. The fiscal 1995 decrease was
due to the start-up losses incurred by the Company's Brazilian joint venture
which began operations in July 1994 and the absence of profits from the U.S.
joint venture sold in February 1994. The 1994 results for the twelve months
included only four months of income attributable to the U.S. joint venture, or
$661,000, compared to $2,327,000 in 1993. The Company's share of the income of
the Australian joint ventures increased in 1995 by 12%, and decreased in 1994 by
1%. The Company's fiscal 1995 share of the income of its Australian joint
ventures, which produces a major portion of its revenues and significantly all
of its profit in the Company's second and third fiscal quarters, increased by
$260,000 due to increased revenues. The 1994 decline was primarily due to an
arrangement which ended in 1993 in which the Company's share of the joint
venture's income was able to exceed its 12-1/2% ownership.

Selling and administrative expenses increased by $2,581,000, or 6%, to
$45,657,000 in 1995 and by $2,967,000, or 7%, to $43,075,000 in 1994 to support
the increased sales activities. These expenses expressed as a percentage of
sales were 5.0%, 6.0% and 7.2% for fiscal years 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

Research and development expenses increased by $727,000, or 12%, to $6,989,000
in 1995 and $432,000, or 7%, to $6,262,000 in 1994. The increase in 1995 was due
to additional product development by the Telephone Directory and Computer
Systems segments, partially offset by a decrease in the Electronic Publishing
and Typesetting Systems segment. The 1994 increase was due to an increase in the
Computer Systems segment, partially offset by decreases in the Telephone
Directory and Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems segments. The
decreases in the Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems segment in 1995
and 1994 were due primarily to a reduction in certain development projects.

Depreciation and amortization increased by $1,214,000, or 11%, to $11,959,000 in
1995 and increased by $554,000, or 5%, to $10,745,000 in 1994. The fiscal 1995
and 1994 increases are due to increased fixed asset expenditures in 1993, 1994,
and 1995.

The foreign exchange gain in fiscal year 1995 was $186,000, compared to losses
of $39,000 and $378,000 in fiscal 1994 and 1993, respectively. The foreign
exchange gain in 1995 was due to favorable currency movements in certain
currencies and the reduced loss in 1994 resulted from a stabilized European
currency market. To minimize the potential adverse impact on the Company's
foreign currency receivables and sales when the dollar strengthens against
foreign currencies, foreign currency options are purchased.

Interest expense decreased by $1,423,000, or 19%, to $6,045,000 in 1995 and by
$3,610,000, or 33%, to $7,468,000 in 1994. The decreases in 1995 and 1994 were
due to reductions in the interest rate on a mortgage loan and to the repurchase
of a portion of the Company's 12-3/8% Subordinated Debentures. The Company has
established additional financing at lower costs through the sale of accounts
receivable which enabled the Company to call and redeem $20,000,000 of
debentures in November 1993 and $10,000,000 in May 1995, and as a result of the
sale of a 50% joint venture, redeemed $10,000,000 in May 1994. In fiscal 1995,
1994 and 1993, other income was reduced by charges of $2,133,000, $1,557,000 and
$849,000, respectively, for costs incurred in conjunction with the sale of
accounts receivable (see Note C of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).


                                     - 26 -
<PAGE>   27
ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS--Continued

See Note F of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information
concerning the Company's effective tax rates for fiscal 1993 through fiscal
1995.

The cumulative effect of a change in accounting for income taxes of $959,000
relates to the adoption by the Company of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes", in the first quarter of 1993.
Due to the uncertainty as to their future utilization, tax benefits have not
been recognized for certain loss and credit carryforwards, by establishing a
valuation allowance which will be periodically evaluated.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash and cash equivalents increased by $8,301,000 in 1995 to $25,350,000.

Cash flows from operating activities contributed $34,115,000 to cash flows. Many
factors, reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
affected the amount of cash flows from operating activities. Primary among the
factors providing cash flows to operating activities in 1995 were the Company's
net income of $16,324,000, a non-cash expense of $11,959,000 for depreciation
and amortization, and increases in accrued expenses of $10,596,000 and income
taxes of $12,383,000 due to the increased level of activities, with the balance
being contributed by several items. Among the principal uses of cash in
operating activities in 1995 were an increase in the level of accounts
receivable of $15,731,000, with the balance being contributed by several items.

The principal factors in the application of $14,215,000 to investing activities
were the net increases in property, plant and equipment of $10,933,000 and the
investment in joint ventures of $5,049,000, offset, in part, by the proceeds
from the net decrease in investments of $3,132,000.

The principal factor in the application of $10,269,000 to financing activities
was the early redemption of $10,000,000 of the Company's Subordinated
Debentures.

In addition to its cash and cash equivalents, at November 3, 1995, the Company's
investment portfolio, primarily U.S. Treasury Notes and certificates of deposit,
had a carrying value of $5,183,000. The Company also has a $10,000,000 credit
line with a domestic bank under a revolving credit agreement which expires in
February 1996, together with $3,500,000 of credit lines with foreign banks. The
Company anticipates that the domestic credit line will be renewed. The Company
had outstanding bank borrowings of $5,154,000 at November 3, 1995 under such
lines. In addition, the Company has the right to sell up to $15,000,000 of
additional receivables under its existing receivables sales program.

The Company believes its current financial position, working capital and future
cash flows will be sufficient to fund its presently contemplated operations and
satisfy its debt obligations. The Company has no material capital commitments,
although it currently expects to expend approximately $4,500,000 to upgrade its
Uruguayan printing equipment and facility in fiscal 1996. The Company may
determine, from time-to-time in the future, to buy shares of its common stock
and/or additional debentures in the market or in privately negotiated
transactions.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


                                     - 27 -
<PAGE>   28
ERNST & YOUNG LLP     787 Seventh Avenue             Phone #: 212-773-3000
                      New York, New York 10019

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

Board of Directors
Volt Information Sciences, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Volt Information
Sciences, Inc. and subsidiaries as of November 3, 1995 and October 28, 1994, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 3, 1995. Our
audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at
Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
statements and schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Volt
Information Sciences, Inc. and subsidiaries at November 3, 1995 and October 28,
1994, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended November 3, 1995, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.

As discussed in Note F to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993, the
Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes, in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 "Accounting for Income
Taxes."

                                                               Ernst & Young LLP

January 2, 1996


                                     - 28 -
<PAGE>   29
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              November        October
                                              3, 1995         28, 1994  
                                            ------------   ------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>         
ASSETS                                    
                                          
                                          
CURRENT ASSETS                            
 Cash and cash equivalents--Note A          $ 25,350,000   $ 17,049,000
 Short-term investments--Notes B and I         1,047,000      4,974,000
 Trade accounts receivable less           
  allowances of $3,943,000 (1995)         
  and $4,027,000 (1994)--Note C           
  and Schedule II                            111,696,000     98,795,000
 Inventories--Notes A and D                   28,207,000     27,239,000
 Deferred income taxes--Notes A and F          8,711,000      2,966,000
 Prepaid expenses and other assets             7,204,000      4,387,000
                                            ------------   ------------
                                          
                                          
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                         182,215,000    155,410,000

INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES--               
  Notes B and I and Schedule II                4,136,000      3,121,000
                                          
                                          
INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES--           
  Note M                                      13,903,000     11,997,000
                                          
                                          
                                          
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT--           
  at cost--Notes A, G and J                
  Land and buildings                          33,591,000     33,513,000
  Machinery and equipment                     51,233,000     42,175,000
  Leasehold improvements                       2,818,000      2,819,000
                                            ------------   ------------
                                              87,642,000     78,507,000
                                          
                                          
                                          
 Less allowances for depreciation         
   and amortization                           32,057,000     28,555,000
                                            ------------   ------------
                                              55,585,000     49,952,000
                                          
DEPOSITS, RECEIVABLES                     
 AND OTHER ASSETS                              2,764,000      1,562,000
                                          
                                          
INTANGIBLE ASSETS--net of accumulated      
 amortization of $4,181,000 (1995) and      
 $3,495,000 (1994)--Notes A and F              5,408,000      4,862,000
                                          
                                          
                                            ------------   ------------
                                          
                                            $264,011,000   $226,904,000
                                            ============   ============
</TABLE>                                 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              November        October
                                              3, 1995         28, 1994  
                                            ------------   ------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>         
                          

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Notes payable to banks--Note E             $  5,154,000   $  4,925,000
 Current portion of long-term debt--
   Note G                                      2,000,000      2,000,000
 Accounts payable                             30,786,000     25,018,000
 Accrued expenses
   Wages and commissions                      23,403,000     19,859,000
   Taxes other than income taxes              10,059,000      8,917,000
   Insurance                                  18,893,000     15,039,000
   Other                                       6,686,000      5,639,000
 Customer advances and other liabilities      15,250,000     11,610,000
 Income taxes--Notes A and F                  12,401,000        564,000
                                            ------------   ------------

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                    124,632,000     93,571,000

LONG-TERM DEBT--Note G                        28,819,000     40,788,000


DEFERRED INCOME TAXES--
 Notes A and F                                 3,433,000      2,700,000
                                            ------------   ------------

                                             156,884,000    137,059,000


STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY--Notes
 A,B,C,G,H and M and Schedule II
   Preferred stock, par value $1.00
   Authorized--500,000 shares;
    issued--none
   Common stock, par value $.10
   Authorized--15,000,000 shares;
    issued--9,664,794 (1995)
    and 7,789,580 shares (1994)                  966,000        779,000
   Paid-in capital                            27,098,000     43,830,000
   Retained earnings                          79,157,000     91,655,000
   Unrealized foreign currency
    translation adjustments                     (168,000)      (283,000)
   Unrealized gain (loss) on
    marketable securities                         74,000        (47,000)
                                            ------------   ------------
                                             107,127,000    135,934,000


    Less 2,986,554 common shares
     held in the treasury at cost                   --       46,089,000
                                            ------------   ------------

                                             107,127,000     89,845,000

COMMITMENTS--Note I

                                            ------------   ------------

                                            $264,011,000   $226,904,000
                                            ============   ============
</TABLE>


                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                     - 29 -
<PAGE>   30
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               YEAR  ENDED
                                                             ----------------------------------------------
                                                               November        October          October
                                                               3, 1995         28, 1994         29, 1993  
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>               <C>         
Revenues:
 Sales of services--Note L                                   $837,699,000    $656,212,000      $501,028,000
 Sales of products                                             69,608,000      64,659,000        57,080,000
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
  Total sales                                                 907,307,000     720,871,000       558,108,000

 Interest income                                                2,009,000       1,336,000         1,381,000
 Gains (losses) on securities-net                                                  (7,000)          199,000
 Equity in income (loss) of joint ventures--Note M             (1,000,000)      3,055,000         4,940,000
 Gain on sale of joint venture--Note M                                          9,770,000
 Other income (expense)-net--Notes C and G                       (954,000)       (539,000)          545,000
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
                                                              907,362,000     734,486,000       565,173,000
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
Costs and expenses:
 Cost of sales:
   Services--Note L                                           761,240,000     603,607,000       467,710,000
   Products                                                    47,104,000      41,984,000        34,435,000
 Selling and administrative                                    45,657,000      43,075,000        40,108,000
 Research and development                                       6,989,000       6,262,000         5,830,000
 Engineering                                                    1,273,000       1,479,000         1,037,000
 Depreciation and amortization                                 11,959,000      10,745,000        10,191,000
 Foreign exchange (gain) loss-net--Note A                        (186,000)         39,000           378,000
 Interest expense                                               6,045,000       7,468,000        11,078,000
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
                                                              880,081,000     714,659,000       570,767,000
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
Income (loss) before income taxes and
 items shown below--Note L                                     27,281,000      19,827,000        (5,594,000)
Income tax provision (benefit)--Notes A and F                  10,895,000       7,783,000        (1,920,000)
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
Income (loss) before extraordinary item and
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting                   16,386,000      12,044,000        (3,674,000)
Extraordinary item-loss on repurchase of debt,
  net of income taxes--Note G                                     (62,000)       (271,000)                 
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of a
  change in accounting                                         16,324,000      11,773,000        (3,674,000)
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
  for income taxes--Note F                                                                          959,000 
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------

NET INCOME (LOSS)                                            $ 16,324,000    $ 11,773,000      $ (2,715,000)
                                                             ============    ============      ============ 

                                                                          Per Share Data

Income (loss) before extraordinary item and
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting                         1.70    $       1.26      $       (.38)
Extraordinary item                                                   (.01)           (.03)         
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect
 of a change in accounting                                           1.69            1.23              (.38)
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting                                                             .10
                                                             ------------    ------------      ------------

Net income (loss)                                            $       1.69    $       1.23      $       (.28)
                                                             ============    ============      ============ 

Number of shares used in computation--Note A                    9,634,334       9,605,492         9,597,726
                                                             ============    ============      ============ 
</TABLE>



See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                     - 30 -
<PAGE>   31
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Unrealized
                                                                                             Foreign     Unrealized
                                         Common Stock                                        Currency    Gain (Loss)
                                        $.10 Par Value          Paid-In      Retained      Translation  On Marketable     Treasury
                                       Shares      Amount       Capital      Earnings       Adjustment   Securities        Stock  
                                      ---------   ---------   ------------   ------------   ----------  -------------   ------------
<S>                                   <C>         <C>         <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>
Balance at October 30, 1992           7,789,580   $ 779,000   $ 43,755,000   $ 82,597,000   $ (521,000)       --      $ (46,230,000)
                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                      
Contribution to ESOP                                                                                                  
  -10,145 shares                                                    62,000                                                  113,000
Stock award--1,500 shares                                            6,000                                                   17,000
Unrealized foreign currency                                                                                           
 translation adjustment--net of                                                                                       
 $100,000 tax benefit                                                                         (185,000)                
Net loss for the year                                                          (2,715,000)                            
                                      ---------   ---------   ------------   ------------   ----------   --------     -------------
Balance at October 29, 1993           7,789,580     779,000     43,823,000     79,882,000     (706,000)      --         (46,100,000)
                                                                                                                      
Stock award--1,000 shares                                            7,000                                                   11,000
Unrealized foreign currency                                                                                           
 translation adjustment--net of                                                                                       
 taxes of $338,000                                                                            423,000                 
                                                                                                                      
Unrealized loss on marketable                                                                                         
 securities-net of $30,000                                                                                            
 tax benefit                                                                                              (47,000)    
Net income for the year                                                        11,773,000                             
                                      ---------   ---------   ------------   ------------   ----------   --------     -------------
Balance at October 28, 1994           7,789,580     779,000     43,830,000     91,655,000     (283,000)   (47,000)      (46,089,000)
                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                      
Contribution to ESOP-8,621 shares                                  154,000                                                   96,000
Stock options exercised, including                                                                                    
  related tax benefit of $130,000        22,750       3,000        469,000                                            
Cancellation of treasury stock       (2,977,933)   (298,000)   (16,873,000)   (28,822,000)                               45,993,000
Issuance shares of common                                                                                             
  stock resulting from two-for-one                                                                                    
  stock split in the form of a 100%                                                                                   
  stock dividend                      4,830,397     482,000       (482,000)                                           
Unrealized gain on marketable                                                                                         
 securities-net of taxes of $78,000                                                                       121,000            
Unrealized foreign currency                                                                                           
 translation adjustment--net of                                                                                       
 taxes of $58,000                                                                             115,000                 
Net income for the year                                                        16,324,000                             
                                      ---------   ---------   ------------   ------------   ----------   --------     -------------
Balance at November 3, 1995           9,664,794   $ 966,000   $ 27,098,000   $ 79,157,000    $(168,000)  $ 74,000     $        --   
                                      =========   =========   ============   ============   ==========   ========     =============
</TABLE>                                                                     


There were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                     - 31 -
<PAGE>   32
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              YEAR ENDED                 
                                                             -------------------------------------------- 
                                                               November        October         October
                                                               3, 1995         28, 1994        29, 1993 
                                                             ------------    ------------    ------------ 
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>             <C>          
CASH PROVIDED BY (APPLIED TO) OPERATING
  ACTIVITIES

Net income (loss)                                            $ 16,324,000    $ 11,773,000    $ (2,715,000)
Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided
  by operating activities:
   Extraordinary loss                                              62,000         271,000
   Cumulative effect of a change in accounting                                                   (959,000)
   Depreciation and amortization                               11,959,000      10,745,000      10,191,000
   Equity in net (income) loss of joint ventures                1,000,000      (3,055,000)     (4,940,000)
   Gain on sale of joint venture                                               (9,770,000)
   Distributions from joint ventures                            2,316,000       3,036,000       4,779,000
   Accounts receivable provisions                               2,081,000       1,903,000       1,489,000
   Amortization of deferred debenture costs,
     debt discounts and other deferred expenses                   903,000         846,000         630,000
   (Gains) losses on foreign currency translation                 102,000         755,000      (1,015,000)
   Gains on dispositions of property,
     plant and equipment                                         (354,000)        (68,000)        (23,000)
   Deferred income tax expense (benefit)                       (5,419,000)        816,000       1,123,000
   (Gains) losses on sales of securities                                            7,000        (199,000)
   Other                                                          (20,000)         24,000          52,000
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
     Proceeds from the initial sale of accounts receivable                                     24,899,000
     Increase in accounts receivable,
       exclusive of above                                     (15,731,000)    (27,226,000)    (16,433,000)
     (Increase) decrease in inventories                        (3,124,000)        526,000      (2,474,000)
     (Increase) decrease in recoverable income taxes                            4,695,000      (4,695,000)
     (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses
      and other current assets                                 (2,892,000)        666,000      (1,170,000)
     (Increase) decrease in other assets                       (1,494,000)      1,654,000       7,476,000
     Increase (decrease) in accounts payable                    1,788,000        (108,000)      8,960,000
     Increase in accrued expenses                              10,596,000      11,164,000       5,573,000
     Increase in customer advances
      and other liabilities                                     3,635,000       4,928,000         643,000
     Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable               12,383,000         931,000        (417,000)
                                                             ------------    ------------    ------------ 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES                      34,115,000      14,513,000      30,775,000
                                                             ============    ============    ============ 
CASH PROVIDED BY (APPLIED TO)
  INVESTING ACTIVITIES

  Sales of investments                                          1,050,000       6,851,000       2,588,000
  Maturities of investments                                    10,770,000      12,602,000         800,000
  Purchases of investments                                     (8,688,000)    (19,888,000)     (6,824,000)
  Investment in joint ventures                                 (5,049,000)     (2,517,000)
  Proceeds from sale of a joint venture                                        16,382,000
  Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment        953,000         258,000         165,000
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment                  (11,886,000)    (14,916,000)    (11,345,000)
  Other                                                        (1,365,000)
                                                             ------------    ------------    ------------ 

NET CASH APPLIED TO INVESTING ACTIVITIES                      (14,215,000)     (1,228,000)    (14,616,000)
                                                             ============    ============    ============ 
</TABLE>


                                     - 32 -

<PAGE>   33

VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS--Continued
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                YEAR ENDED 
                                                                 ------------------------------------------
                                                                 November         October           October
                                                                  3, 1995        28, 1994          29, 1993 
                                                                 --------        --------          --------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>                <C>        
CASH PROVIDED BY (APPLIED TO)
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES

  Payment of long-term debt                                  (12,000,000)     (45,400,000)       (8,045,000)
  Proceeds from long-term debt                                                 10,000,000
  Exercises of stock options                                     341,000
  Increase (decrease) in notes payable-banks                   1,030,000         (948,000)        3,742,000
                                                             -----------     ------------       -----------
NET CASH APPLIED TO FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES                                                  (10,629,000)     (36,348,000)       (4,303,000)
                                                             -----------     ------------       -----------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                         (970,000)        (969,000)          668,000
                                                             -----------     ------------       -----------
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND
 CASH EQUIVALENTS                                              8,301,000      (24,032,000)       12,524,000

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                  17,049,000       41,081,000        28,557,000
                                                             -----------     ------------       -----------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS,
 END OF YEAR                                                 $25,350,000     $ 17,049,000       $41,081,000
                                                             ===========     ============       ===========
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

 Cash Paid During The Year

  Interest expense                                            $6,512,000       $8,846,000       $11,260,000
  Income taxes, net of refunds                                $4,058,000       $1,416,000        $1,892,000
</TABLE>


See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                      -33-
<PAGE>   34
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE A--SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Business: The Company operates primarily in five industry segments:
Technical Services and Temporary Personnel; Electronic Publication and
Typesetting Systems; Telephone Directory; Engineering and Construction; and
Computer Systems.

Fiscal Year: The Company's fiscal year consists of the 52 or 53 weeks
ending on the Friday nearest October 31. The 1995 fiscal year was comprised of
53 weeks, compared with 52 weeks in fiscal years 1994 and 1993.

Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. The Company has
investments in joint ventures which are accounted for by the equity method.

Revenue Recognition: Sales are recorded when products are shipped and
when services are rendered. Revenues and costs applicable to long-term
contracts, including those providing for software customization or modification,
are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by work
performed, or the completed-contract method, as appropriate. Provisions for
estimated losses on contracts are recorded when such losses become evident.

Cash Equivalents: Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term,
highly liquid securities having an initial maturity of three months or less.

Inventories: Manufacturing inventories are priced at the lower of cost,
on a first-in first-out basis, or market. Accumulated unbilled costs on
contracts related to performing services are carried at the lower of actual cost
or realizable value.

Property, Plant and Equipment: Depreciation and amortization are
provided on the straight-line and accelerated methods at rates calculated to
write off the cost of the assets over their estimated useful lives. Fully
depreciated assets are written off against their related allowance accounts. The
assets are depreciated over the following periods:

  Buildings                                -  25 to 31 1/2 years
  Machinery and equipment                  -  3 to 7 years
  Leasehold improvements                   -  length of lease or life of asset,
                                              whichever is shorter

Intangible Assets: Intangible assets principally consist of the
unamortized balances of the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets
of companies acquired. The intangibles are being amortized using the
straight-line method, principally over fifteen years.

                                      -34-
<PAGE>   35
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE A--SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES--Continued

Income Taxes: Effective at the beginning of fiscal year ended October
29, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes to the
liability method in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (see Note F).

Translation of Foreign Currencies: The U.S. dollar is the Company's
functional currency throughout the world, except for the Company's Uruguayan
operation and its joint ventures in Australia and Brazil. Where the U.S. dollar
is used as the functional currency, and in Uruguay and Brazil, which have high
inflation rates, foreign currency gains and losses are included in operations.
Translation adjustments due to the Company's investment in its Australian joint
venture, whose functional currency is its local currency, are recorded as a
separate component of stockholders' equity.

Per Share Data: Per share data are computed on the basis of the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding and, if applicable, the
assumed exercise of dilutive outstanding stock options based on the treasury
stock method. Per share data have been adjusted retroactively for the effect of
a two-for-one stock split distributed on October 6, 1995.

NOTE B--INVESTMENTS IN SECURITIES

Effective October 28, 1994, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in
Debt and Equity Securities" issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
in May 1993. Adoption of Statement No. 115 did not have a material effect on the
Company's financial statements. In accordance with the statement, management
determines the appropriate classification of debt securities at the time of
purchase and re-evaluates such designation as of each balance sheet date. Debt
securities are classified as held-to-maturity when the Company has the positive
intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. Held-to-maturity
securities are stated at amortized cost. Marketable equity securities and debt
securities not classified as held-to-maturity are classified as
available-for-sale. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with
the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component of
stockholders' equity. At November 3, 1995, short-term investments consist
principally of bank certificates of deposit which mature within one year and are
intended to be held to maturity. Non-current investments at such date consist
principally of U.S. treasury notes maturing in 1997 classified as
available-for-sale. At November 3, 1995, the Company's portfolio of marketable
securities had a market value of $5,183,000 and an amortized cost of $5,061,000.
Gross unrealized holding gains of $122,000 are shown as an addition to
stockholders' equity. At October 28, 1994, portfolio securities, which consisted
principally of U.S. treasury notes and commercial paper, had a market value of
$8,095,000 and an amortized cost of $8,172,000, with unrealized holding losses
of $77,000 shown as a reduction to stockholders' equity.

                                      -35-
<PAGE>   36
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE C--ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

In October 1993, the Company entered into a three-year agreement to sell, on a
limited recourse basis, up to $25,000,000 of undivided interests in a designated
pool of certain eligible accounts receivable. In March 1995, the limit was
increased to $45,000,000 and the agreement was extended to March 1998. As
collections reduce previously sold undivided interests, interest in new
receivables may be sold up to the $45,000,000 level. At November 3, 1995 and
October 28, 1994, $30,000,000 and $25,000,000, respectively, of interests in
accounts receivable had been sold under this agreement. The sold accounts
receivable are reflected as a reduction of receivables in the accompanying
balance sheets. The Company pays fees based primarily on the purchaser's
borrowing cost incurred on short-term commercial paper which financed the
purchase of receivables. Other income (expense) in the accompanying 1995, 1994
and 1993 statements of income includes fees (including professional fees in
1993) related to the agreement of $2,133,000, $1,557,000 and $849,000,
respectively.

The purchaser may terminate the agreement on a minimum of six months' notice. In
addition, the agreement may be terminated if the Company does not maintain a
stated minimum tangible net worth, as defined, or exceeds a stated maximum ratio
of debt to tangible net worth.

NOTE D--INVENTORIES

Inventories consist of:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    November                  October
                                                     3, 1995                 28, 1994
                                                    --------                 --------
                                                          (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                  <C>                     <C>   
Services:
 Accumulated unbilled costs on:
   Service contracts                                 $15,909                  $ 9,521
   Long-term contracts                                 2,980                   10,277
                                                     -------                  -------
                                                      18,889                   19,798
                                                     -------                  -------
Products:
  Materials                                            3,441                    2,399
  Work-in-progress                                     1,377                    1,301
  Service parts                                        1,124                      949
  Finished goods                                       3,376                    2,792
                                                     -------                  -------
                                                       9,318                    7,441
                                                     -------                  -------
  Total                                              $28,207                  $27,239
                                                     =======                  =======
</TABLE>

The cumulative amounts billed, principally under long-term contracts, of
$3,469,000 at November 3, 1995 and $39,179,000 at October 28, 1994, are credited
against the related costs in inventory. Substantially all of the amounts billed
have been collected.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>   37
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE E--SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

The Company has credit lines with a domestic bank and foreign banks which
provide for unsecured borrowings and letters of credit up to an aggregate of
$13,500,000. On December 2, 1994, the Company entered into a revolving credit
agreement, as amended in March 1995, which extended the domestic credit line of
$10,000,000 to February 1996, and contains various financial covenants. The
Company anticipates that the credit line will be renewed. At November 3, 1995,
the Company had outstanding domestic bank borrowings of $700,000 ($700,000 -
1994) and foreign bank borrowings of $4,454,000 ($4,225,000 - 1994). The
weighted average interest rate of short-term borrowings at each year-end was 20%
in 1995 and 35.4% in 1994. The weighted average interest rates are high due to a
high proportion of the borrowings by the Uruguayan operation, whose interest
rates are affected by their high inflation level. Borrowings in Uruguay are used
to hedge receivables against a loss in value due to the strengthening of the
U.S. dollar against the Uruguayan currency.

NOTE F--INCOME TAXES

Effective as of the beginning of fiscal 1993, the Company adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". Under
this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
differences between financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are scheduled
to be in effect when the differences are scheduled to reverse. Prior to the
adoption, income tax expense was determined using the liability method
prescribed by Statement No. 96, which is superceded by Statement No. 109. Among
other changes, Statement No. 109 changes the recognition and measurement
criteria for deferred tax assets included in Statement No. 96.

As permitted by Statement No. 109, the Company has elected not to restate the
financial statements of any prior years. The cumulative effect of adopting
Statement No. 109 at the beginning of the 1993 fiscal year was to increase net
income by $959,000, or $.10 per share, including $432,000 attributable to a
corporate joint venture (see Note M).

                                      -37-
<PAGE>   38
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE F--INCOME TAXES--Continued
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Year Ended
                                                             -------------------------------------------
                                                             November        October            October
                                                              3, 1995        28, 1994           29, 1993
                                                             --------        --------           --------
                                                                        (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>                <C>
The components of income (loss) before
 income taxes based on the location of
 operations, consist of the following:
   Domestic                                                  $ 23,975        $ 16,322           $(8,667)
   Foreign                                                      3,306           3,505             3,073
                                                             --------        --------           -------
                                                             $ 27,281        $ 19,827           $(5,594)
                                                             ========        ========           =======
Income tax provision (benefit) includes:
Current:
   Federal                                                   $ 12,201(a)     $  4,585(a)        $(3,660)(a)
   Foreign                                                      1,247           1,233               493
   State and local                                              2,866           1,149               124
                                                             --------        --------           -------
    Total current                                              16,314           6,967            (3,043)
                                                             --------        --------           -------
Deferred:
  Federal                                                      (4,357)            494             1,338
  Foreign                                                         140             153              (269)
  State and local                                              (1,202)            169                54
                                                             --------        --------           -------
    Total deferred                                             (5,419)            816             1,123
                                                             --------        --------           -------
  Total income tax provision (benefit)                       $ 10,895        $  7,783           $(1,920)
                                                             ========        ========           =======
</TABLE>

(a) Reduced in 1995 by $758,000 of foreign tax credit carryforwards and reduced
in 1995 and 1994 and increased in 1993, respectively, by benefits of $247,000,
$374,000 and $248,000 from general business credits.

The consolidated effective tax rates are different than the U.S. Federal
statutory rate. The differences result from the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Year  Ended 
                                                                 ------------------------------------
                                                                 November       October       October
                                                                  3, 1995       29, 1994      29, 1993 
                                                                 --------       --------      -------- 
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>           <C>    
Statutory rate                                                     35.0%          35.0%        (34.0)%
State and local taxes, net of federal
  tax benefit                                                       3.9            4.6           2.1
Tax effect of foreign operations                                    1.1            1.6          (2.4)
Goodwill amortization                                                .8            1.0           3.4
Utilization of net operating loss carryforward                     (2.5)          (2.4)
General business credits                                            (.9)          (1.9)         (4.4)
Other - net                                                         2.5            1.4           1.0
                                                                   ----           ----         -----
Effective tax rate                                                 39.9%          39.3%        (34.3)%
                                                                   ====           ====         =====
</TABLE>


                                      -38-
<PAGE>   39
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE F--INCOME TAXES--Continued

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       November           October
                                                                        3, 1995           28, 1994 
                                                                       --------           --------
                                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                                    <C>                 <C>    
Deferred Tax Assets:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts                                      $  1,597            $ 1,433
  Inventory valuation                                                     4,818
  Domestic net operating loss
     carryforwards                                                          767              1,725
  Foreign tax credit carryforwards                                        1,363              2,124
  Vacation accruals                                                       1,198                831
  Warranty accruals                                                         419                513
  Foreign asset bases                                                       300                440
  Other--net                                                                414              1,594
                                                                       --------            -------
Total deferred tax assets
                                                                         10,109              7,702
   Valuation allowance for deferred
    tax assets
                                                                          1,477              3,002
                                                                       --------            -------
  Net deferred tax assets
                                                                          8,632              4,700
                                                                       --------            -------
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
  Unremitted earnings of corporate
    joint ventures                                                        1,924              1,678
  Earnings of joint ventures not
   currently taxable                                                        462                462
  Inventory valuation                                                     1,361                265
  Accelerated depreciation                                                  968                933
                                                                       --------            -------
  Total deferred tax liabilities                                          3,354              4,434
                                                                       --------            -------
  Net deferred tax assets                                              $  5,278            $   266
                                                                       ========            =======
Balance sheet classification:
  Current assets                                                       $  8,711            $ 2,966
  Noncurrent liabilities                                                 (3,433)            (2,700)
                                                                       --------            -------
  Net deferred tax assets                                              $  5,278            $   266
                                                                       ========            =======
</TABLE>


                                      -39-
<PAGE>   40
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE F--INCOME TAXES--Continued

As of November 3, 1995, for tax purposes, the Company had foreign tax credit
carryforwards of $1,363,000, which will expire from 1996 through 2000. For
financial statement purposes, a valuation allowance has been recognized to
offset the deferred tax asset related to these carryforwards.

The valuation allowance was decreased during fiscal 1995 by $1,525,000 as a
result of the utilization of a domestic net operating loss and foreign tax
credit carryforwards. The utilization of such carryforwards resulted in a
$1,424,000 reduction to income tax expense and a $104,000 reduction to goodwill.
The valuation allowance was decreased during fiscal 1994 by $867,000 primarily
as a result of the utilization of domestic net operating loss carryforwards,
partially offset by additional foreign tax credit carryforwards, which arose
during such year, whose use is subject to limitations. The utilization of the
net operating loss resulted in a $479,000 reduction to income tax expense and a
$479,000 reduction to goodwill. The valuation allowance was increased in fiscal
1993 by $940,000 primarily as a result of additional foreign tax credit
carryforwards, which arose during such year, whose use is subject to
limitations.

Income taxes are provided on the undistributed earnings of the Australian
corporate joint venture, as remittances of such earnings are anticipated.
Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries ($4,053,000) at November 3, 1995
are considered permanently invested and, accordingly, no federal income taxes
have been provided. Upon the effectiveness of the merger referred to in Note P,
substantially all such earnings will be deemed distributed to the Company.
However, available tax credits are anticipated to eliminate any federal income
tax resulting from such deemed distribution.

                                      -40-
<PAGE>   41
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE G--LONG-TERM DEBT

Long-term debt consists of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  November           October
                                                                                   3, 1995           28, 1994
                                                                                  --------           --------
                                                                                   (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                                               <C>                <C>    
12-3/8% Senior Subordinated Debentures, due
  July 1, 1998--net of unamortized discount of
  $36,000 - 1995 and $67,000 - 1994 - (a)                                           $22,819          $32,788
Term Loan - (b)                                                                       8,000           10,000
                                                                                    -------          -------
                                                                                     30,819           42,788
Less amounts due within one year                                                      2,000            2,000
                                                                                    -------          -------
  Total long-term debt                                                              $28,819          $40,788
                                                                                    =======          =======
</TABLE>


(a) The debentures provide for interest to be paid semi-annually on January 1
and July 1 and are redeemable at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
at 100% plus accrued interest. In May 1995, and during fiscal 1994,
respectively, the Company redeemed $10,000,000 and $30,000,000 of the debentures
resulting in extraordinary charges of $62,000 and $271,000, net of income tax
benefits of $42,000 and $157,000, respectively. The debentures are subordinated
to all existing and future senior indebtedness (as defined) of the Company. At
November 3, 1995, the amount available for dividends, pursuant to the terms of
the indenture under which the debentures are issued, was $32,388,000 and, if no
dividend payments are made, the amount available for capital stock repurchases
was $42,388,000. However, under the terms of the term loan agreement, at such
date, only $17,265,000 was available for such payments (see (b) below).

(b) In October 1994, the Company repaid a mortgage liability of $15,400,000 and
concurrently two subsidiaries of the Company entered into a $10,000,000
five-year loan agreement with National Westminster Bank which is secured by a
deed of trust on land and buildings (book value at November 3, 1995 -
$15,428,000). The obligation is guaranteed by the Company. The term loan bears
interest at 7.86% per annum and is repayable in twenty quarterly principal
installments of $500,000, together with interest. In October 1996, if certain
conditions are met, the loan may be extended for two years with a subsequent
reduction of principal payments to $225,000 per quarter and a final payment of
$1,725,000, due October, 2001. The agreement contains various financial
covenants, the most restrictive of which requires the Company to maintain a
tangible net worth of $84,000,000.

The fair value of the Company's total debt as of November 3, 1995 and October
28, 1994, approximated the carrying value based upon quotations obtained for the
debentures and the maturity and terms of the other debt.

                                      -41-

<PAGE>   42
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE H--STOCK OPTION PLAN

The Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan adopted by the Company in fiscal 1980
terminated on June 30, 1990, except for options previously granted under the
plan.  Unexercised options expire ten years after grant.  Outstanding options
at November 3, 1995 were granted at 100% of the market price on the date of
grant and became exercisable cumulatively in increments of 20% per year in each
of the second through sixth years after date of grant.  

In May 1995, the Company adopted a new Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan which
provides for the granting of options to acquire up to 800,000 shares of Common
Stock to key employees of the Company.  The option price may not be less than
the fair market value of a share on the date the option is granted.  The date
each option becomes exercisable and the term of the option, which may not
exceeds ten years, are at the discretion of the Company.  As of November 3,
1995, none of these options have been granted by the Company.

Transactions involving outstanding stock options were:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Number            Total
                                                                     of              Option
                                                                   Shares            Price 
                                                                  -------           -------
                                                                   (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                               <C>               <C>
Outstanding, October 30, 1992                                     147,750           $2,850
Cancelled                                                         (15,300)            (335)
                                                                  -------           ------ 

Outstanding, October 29, 1993                                     132,450            2,515
Cancelled                                                          (1,000)             (16)
                                                                  -------           ------ 

Outstanding, October 28, 1994                                     131,450            2,499
Cancelled                                                          (2,500)             (63)
Exercised                                                         (22,750)            (341)
Stock Split (See Note K)                                          110,200                 
                                                                  -------           ------ 

Outstanding, November 3, 1995                                     216,400           $2,095
                                                                  =======           ======

Exercisable November 3, 1995
 at prices ranging from $6.00-$13.75                              216,400
                                                                  =======
</TABLE>

In conjunction with the acquisition of a subsidiary in 1986, non-qualified
stock options to purchase a total of 100,000 shares of the Company common stock
at a price of $13.75 per share (adjusted for the stock split in 1995) were
granted to four of the sellers.  As of November 3, 1995, none of these options
have been exercised.


                                     - 42 -
<PAGE>   43
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE I--COMMITMENTS

The future minimum rental commitments as of November 3, 1995 for all
noncancellable operating leases are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal                                                              Office
 Year                                              Total            Space        Equipment 
- ------                                            -------          -------      -----------
                                                            (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                               <C>              <C>              <C>
1996                                               $6,335           $6,138          $197
1997                                                4,092            3,953           139
1998                                                2,690            2,617            73
1999                                                1,363            1,363            --
2000                                                  819              819            --
Thereafter                                          1,251            1,251            --
                                                  -------          -------          ----
                                                  $16,550          $16,141          $409
                                                  =======          =======          ====
</TABLE>


Rental expense for all operating leases for fiscal years 1995, 1994 and 1993
was $8,638,000,  $10,075,000 and  $9,741,000, respectively.  Many of the leases
also require the Company to pay or contribute to property taxes, insurance and
ordinary repairs and maintenance.

The Company has guaranteed the performance of a subsidiary under a contract and
also guaranteed the commitments of a joint venture.  At November 3, 1995,
outstanding letters of credit of $4,550,000 were issued by banks in support of
these guarantees which were secured by $4,333,000 of the Company's investments
in securities.  The letters of credit expire in fiscal 1996, unless renewed,
and the Company believes that risk of loss relative to these financial
guarantees is remote.

NOTE J--INDUSTRY SEGMENTS

Financial data concerning the Company's sales, operating profit (loss) and
identifiable assets by industry segments for the fiscal years 1995, 1994 and
1993 are presented in tables under Item 1 of Form 10-K and are included herein
by reference.

Total revenues include both sales to unaffiliated customers, as reported in the
Company's consolidated statements of operations, and intersegment sales. Sales
between segments are generally priced at cost.  Operating profit (loss) is
comprised of total revenues less operating expenses.  In computing operating
profit (loss), none of the following items have been added or deducted:
general corporate expense; interest expense; fees related to sales of accounts
receivable; corporate interest income and income taxes.  Identifiable assets
are those assets that are used in the Company's operations in each industry
segment.  Corporate assets consist principally of cash and cash equivalents,
investments and investments in joint ventures.





                                     - 43 -
<PAGE>   44
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE J--INDUSTRY SEGMENTS--Continued

Capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization by the Company's
industry segments are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Capital Expenditures
                                                                                Year Ended                  
                                                               ----------------------------------------------
                                                                 November          October          October
                                                                 3, 1995           28, 1994         29, 1993
                                                               -----------       -----------       ----------
                                                                           (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                              <C>               <C>              <C>
Technical Services and Temporary Personnel                       $ 2,336           $ 1,401          $   876
Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems                     1,620             2,590            1,643
Telephone Directory                                                2,145             1,660            1,585
Engineering and Construction                                       4,032             3,528            1,936
Computer Systems                                                   7,599             3,937            6,878
                                                                 -------           -------          -------
  Total segments                                                  17,732            13,116           12,918
Corporate                                                            459             1,129              211
                                                                 -------           -------          -------
                                                                 $18,191           $14,245          $13,129
                                                                 =======           =======          =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Depreciation and Amortization
                                                                                  Year Ended                
                                                               ----------------------------------------------
                                                                 November          October          October
                                                                 3, 1995           28, 1994         29, 1993
                                                               -----------       -----------      -----------
                                                                            (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                             <C>               <C>               <C>
Technical Services and Temporary Personnel                      $ 1,439           $ 1,123           $ 1,071
Electronic Publication and Typesetting Systems                    1,800             1,597             1,720
Telephone Directory                                               1,883             2,100             2,905
Engineering and Construction                                      2,206             2,040             1,528
Computer Systems                                                  4,005             3,000             2,308
                                                                -------           -------           -------
  Total segments                                                 11,333             9,860             9,532
Corporate                                                           626               885               659
                                                                -------           -------           -------
                                                                $11,959           $10,745           $10,191
                                                                =======           =======           =======
</TABLE>


                                     - 44 -
<PAGE>   45
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE K--QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

The following is a summary of unaudited quarterly results of operations for
fiscal years ended November 3, 1995 and October 28, 1994.  Each quarter
contains thirteen weeks except for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 1995 which
has fourteen weeks.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Fiscal 1995 Quarter
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   First               Second               Third            Fourth
                                                 --------             --------             --------         --------
                                                            (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

<S>                                              <C>                  <C>                  <C>              <C>
 Net sales                                       $183,296             $190,596             $225,924         $307,491
                                                 ========             ========             ========         ========
 Gross profit                                    $ 20,586             $ 18,750             $ 23,818         $ 35,809
                                                 ========             ========             ========         ========

Income before extraordinary item                 $  2,023             $  1,430             $  5,056         $  7,877
Extraordinary item                                                                              (62)                
                                                 --------             --------             --------         --------
Net income                                       $  2,023             $  1,430             $  4,994         $  7,877
                                                 ========             ========             ========         ========

Income (loss) per share: (a)
Income before extraordinary item                     $.21                 $.15                 $.53             $.82
Extraordinary item                                                                             (.01)                
                                                     ----                 ----                 ----           ------
Net income                                           $.21                 $.15                 $.52             $.82
                                                     ====                 ====                 ====             ====
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Fiscal 1994 Quarter
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   First               Second               Third            Fourth
                                                 --------             --------             --------         --------
                                                            (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

 <S>                                             <C>                  <C>                  <C>              <C>
 Net sales                                       $142,554             $161,685             $165,937         $250,695 (c)
                                                 ========             ========             ========         ========      
 Gross profit                                    $ 11,657             $ 16,504             $ 18,137         $ 28,982
                                                 ========             ========             ========         ========

 Income (loss) before extraordinary item         $ (1,963)            $  5,801 (b)         $  2,294         $  5,912
 Extraordinary item                                  (189)                                      (82)                
                                                 --------             --------             --------         --------
 Net income (loss)                               $ (2,152)            $  5,801             $  2,212         $  5,912
                                                 ========             ========             ========         ========

 Income (loss) per share: (a)
 Income (loss) before extraordinary item            $(.21)                $.61                 $.24             $.62
 Extraordinary item                                  (.02)                                     (.01)                
                                                    -----                 ----                 ----             ----
 Net income (loss)                                  $(.23)                $.61                 $.23             $.62
                                                    =====                 ====                 ====             ====
</TABLE>


(a) Per share amounts have been restated to reflect a two-for-one stock split
of the Company's common stock which was effected by a 100% stock dividend,
distributed on October 6, 1995 to shareholders of record as of the close of
business on September 12, 1995.

(b) Includes a gain of $5,760,000, net of income taxes, or $.60 per share, from
the sale of 50% interest in a joint venture.

(c) Includes $59,000,000 from acceptance by a customer of a major directory
assistance system in such quarter.  As a result of provisions for losses in
fiscal 1993, for costs not recoverable related to such contract, the sale had
no effect on earnings for the fiscal 1994 fourth quarter.





                                     - 45 -
<PAGE>   46

VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued


NOTE K--QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)--Continued

Historically, the Company's results of operations have been adversely affected
in the first fiscal quarter, as a result of reduced requirements for its
technical and temporary personnel due to the holiday season.  An Australian
joint venture (see Note M) produces a major portion of its revenues and
significantly all of its profits in the Company's second and third fiscal
quarters.

NOTE L--CERTAIN SIGNIFICANT ITEMS INCLUDED IN OPERATIONS

The results of operations for fiscal 1993 include a pretax charge of $6,400,000
($.44 per share) for costs not recoverable under two contracts for major
directory assistance systems.  In fiscal 1994 and 1995, the Company received
customer acceptance under such contracts, which, because of the pretax charge
in fiscal 1993, had no effect on the Company's earnings for 1994 and 1995,
although revenues (and costs) of $59,000,000 and $15,000,000 were recognized in
1994 and 1995, respectively.  Revenue from the customer recognized during
fiscal 1994 represented approximately 11% of the Company's total revenue for
such year.  Operations in 1993 also included a pretax charge of $849,000 ($.06
per share) incurred in connection with a revolving financing agreement (see
Note C).

NOTE M--SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF JOINT VENTURES

The Company owns 12-1/2% of the voting stock of Pacific Access Pty. Ltd.
("Pacific Access"), an international joint venture in Australia.  This venture,
which commenced operations in July 1991, assumed responsibility throughout
Australia for the marketing, sales and compilation functions of all yellow
pages directories of Telstra Corporation Ltd., ("Telstra"), the Australian
Government-owned telephone company, under the terms of a twelve-year contract.
Telstra owns 50% of the voting stock of Pacific Access. In the event of a
change in the control of the Company, as defined, the Company may be required
to sell its shares of the venture to Telstra at a formula price based upon
various factors, including earnings.

In July 1994, the Company entered into a long-term joint venture agreement to
publish the official White Pages, Yellow Pages and Street Guides for Rio de
Janeiro.  As of November 3, 1995, the Company made investments in and loans
aggregating $7,568,000 to Telelistas Editora Ltda., a Brazilian company which
has a contract to publish Rio's telephone directories on behalf of TELERJ, the
government-owned telephone company.  Such agreement resulted in the acquisition
of a 50% interest in the common shares together with 75% of the issued
preferred stock and 75% of the debt financing provided by the venturers.  The
agreement, as amended, requires the Company to invest additional amounts in the
joint venture, as well as provide technology, expertise and key personnel in
directory production, sales and marketing.


                                     - 46 -
<PAGE>   47
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE M--SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF JOINT VENTURES--Continued

As a result of the funding requirements, during the start-up period, the
Company is recognizing 75% of the losses incurred by the venture.  At such time
as the venture becomes profitable, the Company will recognize 75% of the
venture's net income until start-up losses are recovered and 50% of any profits
subsequent thereto.

Effective February 28, 1994, the Company's 50% interest in Pacific Volt
Information Systems, a joint venture with a subsidiary of Pacific Bell
Directory, was redeemed by the venture for approximately $16,400,000.  The sale
of the Company's interest resulted in a gain of $9,770,000 ($5,760,000, net of
income taxes, or $.60 per share).

The following summarizes certain financial information of the joint ventures:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 November 3, 1995                       October 28, 1994
                                                                 ----------------                       ----------------
                                                                                  (Dollars in thousands)

                                                                                  Company's                         Company's
                                                                  Total            Equity           Total            Equity  
                                                                 --------         ---------        --------         ---------
<S>                                                              <C>               <C>             <C>                <C>
Current assets                                                   $270,495                          $233,907
Noncurrent assets                                                  17,207                            16,629
Current liabilities                                              (227,749)                         (198,521)
Noncurrent liability                                                 (259)                                 
                                                                 --------                          --------

Equity of combined joint ventures                                $ 59,694                          $ 52,015
                                                                 ========                          ========

Equity of Australian joint venture (a)                           $ 55,733          $10,436         $ 48,987           $ 9,677
Equity of Brazilian joint venture                                   3,961            3,467            3,028             2,320
                                                                                                                             
                                                                 --------          -------         --------           -------
                                                                 $ 59,694                          $ 52,015
                                                                 ========                          ========
Investments in joint ventures                                                      $13,903                            $11,997
                                                                                   =======                            =======
</TABLE>

(a)-Pursuant to the venture agreement, the initial capital contributions of all
venturers, other than Telstra, exceeded their proportionate share of ownership
interest in the corporate joint venture.  The agreement provides that, upon
liquidation of the venture, the venturers will be entitled to recover such
excess contributions from the net assets of the venture.





                                      -47-
<PAGE>   48
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE M--SUMMARIZED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF JOINT VENTURES--Continued


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           

                                                                                 Year ended
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   November 3, 1995           October 28, 1994             October 29, 1993
                                                   ----------------           ----------------             ----------------
                                                                           (Dollars in thousands)


                                                             Company's                  Company's                   Company's
                                                   Total       Equity      Total         Equity          Total       Equity
                                                 ---------   ---------    --------      ---------       --------    ---------

<S>                                              <C>         <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>         <C>
Revenues                                         $559,858                 $509,481                      $469,377

Cost and expenses                                 529,540                  476,346                       444,151
Income tax provision                               11,632                   11,321                         9,609
                                                  -------                 --------                      --------
Income before cumulative effect
 of a change in accounting                         18,686                   21,814                        15,617
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
 for Australian income taxes (a)                                                                           5,688
                                                 --------                 --------                      --------
Net income                                       $ 18,686                 $ 21,814                      $ 21,305
                                                 ========                 ========                      ========

Income of Australian joint ventures before
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting     $ 24,056    $ 2,904      $ 20,734       $ 2,591        $ 10,963     $2,613 (c)
Net loss of Brazilian joint venture                (5,370)    (3,904)         (392)         (197)
Net income of United States joint venture                                    1,472 (b)       661           4,654      2,327
                                                 --------    -------       --------      -------        --------     ------


                                                 $ 18,686                 $ 21,814                      $ 15,617
                                                 ========                 ========                      ========

Company's equity in income (loss) of joint
  ventures, exclusive of equity in cumulative
  effect of a change in accounting                           $(1,000)                    $ 3,055                     $4,940
                                                             =======                     =======                     ======
</TABLE>


(a) During the first quarter of fiscal 1993, the Company's Australian corporate
joint venture changed its method of accounting for income taxes by adopting
Statement of Financial Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  The
cumulative effect of the change increased the joint venture's income by
$5,688,000 due to its ability to recognize deferred Australian tax assets as
permitted by Statement No. 109.  The Company's portion of this increase in
income, net of United States taxes, is $432,000 and is included in the
Company's cumulative effect of a change in accounting for income taxes.

(b) Represents income through February 28, 1994, the effective date of sale.

(c) The agreement for Pacific Access provided that the Company's share of
profits or losses from the joint venture through April 1993 could exceed
12-1/2% based on sales levels achieved.  For fiscal 1993 based on the venture's
sales, the Company's share of the venture's income amounted to $2,310,000,
which exceeded 12-1/2% of the venture's income by $740,000.

Consolidated retained earnings at November 3, 1995 includes $4,940,000,
representing the undistributed earnings of the Australian joint venture.
United States income taxes have been provided for the anticipated remittance of
such earnings.


                                     - 48 -
<PAGE>   49
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE N--EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

The Company has a non-contributory Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) which
provides for open market or private purchases of Company common stock from
time-to-time, or contributions by the Company of unissued or treasury shares.
Discretionary contributions are made for all employees who have completed one
year of service for a participating employer. Vesting occurs at a rate of 25%
per year of service, commencing with the completion of three years of service.
For fiscal 1995, a contribution of $500,000 was accrued.  For fiscal 1994,
$250,000 was accrued and treasury shares were contributed for payment thereof
in 1995.  During fiscal 1993, there was no expense related to the ESOP.

The Company has savings plans which permit eligible employees to make
contributions on a pretax salary reduction basis in accordance with the
provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company does
not match employees' contributions.

NOTE O--FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk are primarily cash investments and accounts receivable.  At
November 3, 1995, the Company's cash investments were primarily in investment
grade, short-term instruments.  Concentrations of credit risk with respect to
the receivables are limited due to the large number of customers in the
Company's customer base, and their dispersion across different industries and
geographic areas.

The Company purchases foreign currency option contracts to hedge the adverse
impact on its foreign currency receivables and sales when the dollar
strengthens against the related foreign currencies.  Foreign exchange (gains)
losses in the accompanying statements of operations include (1) any gain on
option contracts, which are recognized in income in the same period as losses
on the hedged receivables and reduced dollar amount of sales and (2) the
premium cost of option contracts, which is amortized over the contract period.
At November 3, 1995, the Company had purchased options, all of which expire in
fiscal 1996, at a cost of $100,000, to exchange various European currencies for
U.S. dollars, in the aggregate amount of $4,500,000.  There were no unrealized
gains or losses on these contracts at such date.

The Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement with a bank to reduce
the impact of increases in interest rates on short-term commercial paper which
directly impacts costs connected with the sale of interests in accounts
receivable (see Note C).  The agreement entitles the Company to receive
payments to the extent that interest rates on 30-day commercial paper in the
amount of $20,000,000 exceed 6.5% through March 1, 1996.  The $465,000 fee paid
for this cap agreement is included in other assets and is being amortized over
the three-year term.  At November 3, 1995, the amortized cost approximates the
fair value of the agreement.

Counterparties to the currency option contracts and interest rate cap agreement
are major banks.  Credit loss from counterparty nonperformance is not
anticipated.


                                     - 49 -
<PAGE>   50
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--Continued

NOTE P--PENDING ACQUISITION

On October 5, 1995, an agreement and plan of merger was entered into by and
among the Company and Information International Inc. ("Triple-I"), a publicly
traded company in the business of electronic publishing prepress systems.
Pursuant to the agreement, Triple-I would be merged, together with the
Company's wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries which comprise the
Company's electronic publishing and typesetting systems segment ("Autologic"),
into a newly formed company Autologic Information International, Inc. ("AIII")
to be publicly traded.  The Company would initially own approximately 59% and
the Triple-I shareholders would own approximately 41% of AIII.  The merger,
which is to be accounted for as a purchase of a controlling 59% interest in
Triple-I and a sale of 41% of Autologic, is subject, among other conditions, to
approval of the merger agreement by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Triple-I common stock.





                                     - 50 -
<PAGE>   51
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.

                                    PART III



The information called for by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12 and 13) of Form 10-K
(except information as to the Company's executive officers, which information
follows Item 4 in this Report) will be included in the Company's Proxy
Statement which the Company intends to file within 120 days after the close of
its fiscal year ended November 3, 1995, and is hereby incorporated by reference
to such Proxy Statement.





                                     - 51 -
<PAGE>   52
                                    PART IV


ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

14(a)(1).         Financial Statements

                  The following consolidated financial statements of Volt
                  Information Sciences, Inc. and subsidiaries are included in
                  Item 8:

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
                  Consolidated Balance Sheets--November 3, 1995 and
                  October 28, 1994.                                           29

                  Consolidated Statements of Operations--Years ended
                   November 3, 1995, October 28, 1994 and October 29, 1993.   30

                  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity--Years
                   ended November 3, 1995, October 28, 1994 and October 29,
                   1993.                                                      31

                  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows--Years ended
                   November 3, 1995 October 28, 1994 and October 29, 1993.    32

                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.                 34

14(a)(2).         Financial Statement Schedules

                  The following consolidated financial statement schedule
                  of Volt Information Sciences, Inc. and subsidiaries is
                  included in response to Item 14(d).

                  Schedule II--Valuation and qualifying accounts             S-1

                  Other schedules (Nos. I, III, IV and V) for which
                  provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation
                  of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
                  required under the related instructions or are not
                  applicable and, therefore, have been omitted.





                                     - 52 -
<PAGE>   53
14 (a) (3).       Exhibits

Exhibit           Description
- -------           -----------

2.01              Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement entered into October 6, 1993
                  between  the Company and Omnibus Funding Corporation, et. al.
                  (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, dated October 6, 1993,
                  File No. 1-9232)

2.02              Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 5, 1995, as
                  amended on November 10, 1995 and December 7, 1995, among
                  Information International, Incorporated, Autologic, Inc., a
                  recently formed Delaware corporation, the name of which has
                  since been change to Autologic Information International,
                  Inc., and Volt Information Sciences, Inc., Incorporated by
                  Reference to Appendix I to the Registration Statement on Form
                  S-4 of Autologic Information International, Inc., (File No.
                  33-99278).

3.01(a)           Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed
                  with the Department of State of New York on December 28, 1967
                  (Exhibit 3(a) to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
                  S-1, dated January 19, 1971, File No. 2-39320).

3.01(b)           Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                  Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                  State of New York on January 12, 1968 (Exhibit 3(b) to the
                  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated January
                  19, 1971, File No. 2-39320).

3.01(c)           Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                  Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                  State of New York on July 17, 1968 (Exhibit 3(c) to the
                  Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated January
                  19, 1971, File No. 2-39320).

3.01(d)           Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                  Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                  State of New York on July 22, 1981 (Exhibit 4(a)(4) to the
                  Company's Registration Statements on Form S-16, dated July 30,
                  1981, File Nos. 2-73366 and 2-73367).

3.01(e)           Certificate of Merger of Volt Information Sciences Capital
                  Corp. and VIS Capital Corp. into the Company, as filed with
                  the Department of State of New York on May 2, 1986 (Exhibit
                  (d)(v) to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A,
                  filed August 7, 1986, File No. 1-9232).





                                     - 53 -
<PAGE>   54
14 (a) (3).       Exhibits--Continued

Exhibit           Description
- -------           -----------

3.01(f)           Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                  Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                  State of New York on June 13, 1988 (Exhibit 4.01 to the
                  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                  July 29, 1988).

3.02              By-Laws of the Company (Exhibit 4.02 to the Company's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 29,
                  1988).

4.01(a)           Form of Indenture, dated as of April 15, 1983 among the
                  Company, VIS Capital Corp. and BankAmerica Trust Company of
                  New York, as Trustee, including on pages 1-8 thereof, the full
                  text of the 12-3/8% Senior Subordinated Debentures and
                  Guarantees (Exhibit 4.01 to the Company's Registration
                  Statement on Form S-2, dated May 3, 1983, File No. 2-83260).

4.01(b)           Form of Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 2, 1986,
                  between the Company and BankAmerica Trust Company, as Trustee
                  (Exhibit (g)(ii) to the Company's Registration Statement on
                  Form 8-A, filed August 7, 1986, File No. 1-9232).

10.01(a)*         Non-Qualified Stock Option Incentive Plan, as amended
                  September 29, 1980 (Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Company's
                  Registration Statement on Form S-7, dated February 4, 1981,
                  File No. 2-70588).

10.01(b)*         1995 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (Exhibit A to the
                  Company's Proxy Statement dated May 26, 1995 used in
                  connection with the Company's 1995 Annual Meeting  of
                  Shareholders, File No. 1-9233)

10.02(a)*         Agreement dated as of May 1, 1987 between the Company and
                  William Shaw (Exhibit 19.01 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                  for the quarter ended May 1, 1987, File No. 1-9232).

10.02(b)*         Amendment dated January 3, 1989 to Agreement between the
                  Company and William Shaw (Exhibit 19.01(b) to the Company's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
                  28, 1988, File No. 1-9232).





                                     - 54 -
<PAGE>   55
14 (a) (3).       Exhibits--Continued


Exhibit           Description
- -------           -----------

10.03(a)*         Agreement dated as of May 1, 1987 between the Company and
                  Jerome Shaw (Exhibit 19.02 to the Company's Quarterly Report
                  on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  May 1, 1987, File No.
                  1-9232).

10.03(b)*         Amendment dated January 3, 1989 to Agreement between the
                  Company and Jerome Shaw (Exhibit 19.02(b) to the Company's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
                  28, 1988, File No. 1-9232).

10.04(a)*         Agreement dated as of May 1, 1987 between the Company and
                  Irwin B. Robins (Exhibit 19.03 to the Company's Quarterly
                  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 1987, File
                  No. 1-9232).

10.04(b)*         Amendment dated June 1, 1992 to Agreement between the Company
                  and Irwin B. Robins. (Exhibit 10.04(b) to the Company's Annual
                  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 30,
                  1992, File No. 1-9232).

10.04(c)*         Amendment dated April 28, 1994 to Agreement between the
                  Company and Irwin B. Robins. (Exhibit 10.01 to the Company's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended April 29,
                  1994, File No. 1-9232).

21.**             Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.01**           Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

27.**             Financial Data Schedule (filed with electronic version only).

_____________________________________________________
* Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement.

** Filed herewith.  All other exhibits are incorporated herein by reference to
the exhibit indicated in the parenthetical references.





                                     - 55 -
<PAGE>   56
14 (b).    Reports on Form 8-K


The only Report on Form 8-K filed during the fourth quarter of the year ended
November 3, 1995 was a report dated October 5, 1995 (date of earliest event
reported), reporting Item 5. Other Events.



                                  UNDERTAKING


The Company hereby undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, upon request, all constituent instruments defining the rights of
holders of long-term debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries not
filed herewith.  Such instruments have not been filed since none are, nor are
being, registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
the total amount of securities authorized under any such instruments does not
exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis.





                                     - 56 -
<PAGE>   57
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC.

Dated:    New York, New York
          January 25, 1996                  By: s/William Shaw
                                                --------------
                                                William Shaw
                                                Chairman of the Board, President
                                                and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Signature                      Title                                Date
- ---------                      -----                                ----
<S>                            <C>                                  <C>
 s/William Shaw                Chairman of the Board,               January 25, 1996
- ----------------------         President and Chief Executive
William Shaw                   Officer and Director


 s/James J. Groberg            Director, Senior Vice                January 25, 1996
- ----------------------         President (Principal
James J. Groberg               Financial Officer)


 s/Jack Egan                   Vice President, Corporate            January 25, 1996
- ----------------------         Accounting (Principal
Jack Egan                      Accounting Officer)


 s/Jerome Shaw                 Director                             January 25, 1996
- ----------------------
Jerome Shaw

 s/Irwin B. Robins             Director                             January 25, 1996
- ----------------------
Irwin B. Robins

                               Director
- ----------------------
Mark N. Kaplan

                               Director
- ----------------------
John R. Torell, III
</TABLE>


                                     - 57 -
<PAGE>   58
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

SCHEDULE II--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Column A                                           Column B               Column C                 Column D         Column E
- --------                                           --------      --------------------------        --------         --------
                                                                          Additions
                                                                 --------------------------

                                                   Balance at    Charged to      Charged to                          Balance
                                                   Beginning     Costs and          Other                             at End
Description                                        of Period     Expenses         Accounts         Deductions       of Period
- -----------                                        ----------    ----------       ---------        ----------       ---------


<S>                                                <C>          <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>
Year ended November 3, 1995:
  Deducted from asset accounts:
  Allowance for uncollectible accounts             $4,027,000   $2,081,000 (1)                    $2,165,000 (3)   $3,943,000
  Unrealized loss (gain) on marketable securities      77,000                     (198,000) (2)                      (121,000)
                                                      
                                                                                  


Year ended October 28, 1994:
  Deducted from asset accounts:
  Allowance for uncollectible accounts              3,960,000    1,903,000 (1)                     1,836,000 (3)    4,027,000
  Unrealized loss on marketable securities                                          77,000  (2)                        77,000
                                                                                    


Year ended October 29, 1993:
  Deducted from asset accounts:
  Allowance for uncollectible accounts              3,904,000    1,489,000 (1)                     1,433,000 (3)    3,960,000
</TABLE>


(1)--Includes a foreign currency translation loss of $5,000 in 1995, $46,000
     in 1994 and a gain of $67,000 in 1993.
(2)--Charge (credit) to stockholders' equity.
(3)--Write-off of uncollectible accounts.

                                      S-1
<PAGE>   59
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit          Description
- -------          -----------

2.01             Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement entered October 6, 1993,
                 between the Company and Omnibus Funding Corporation, et. al.
                 (Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, dated October 6, 1993,
                 File No. 1-9232).

2.02             Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 5, 1995, as
                 amended on November 10, 1995 and December 7, 1995, among
                 Information International, Incorporated, Autologic, Inc., a
                 recently formed Delaware corporation, the name of which has
                 since been change to Autologic Information International, Inc.,
                 and Volt Information Sciences, Inc., Incorporated by Reference
                 to Appendix I to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of
                 Autologic Information International, Inc., (File No. 33-99278).

3.01(a)          Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed
                 with 3.01(a) the Department of State of New York on December
                 28, 1967 (Exhibit 3(a) to the Company's Registration Statement
                 on Form S-1, dated January 19, 1971, File No. 2-39320).

3.01(b)          Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                 Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                 State of New York on January 12, 1968 (Exhibit 3(b) to the
                 Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated January 19,
                 1971, File No. 2-39320).

3.01(c)          Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                 Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                 State of New York on July 17, 1968 (Exhibit 3(c) to the
                 Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated January 19,
                 1971, File No. 2-39320).


3.01(d)          Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate  of
                 Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                 State of New York on July 22, 1981 (Exhibit 4(a)(4) to the
                 Company's Registration Statements on Form S-16, dated July 30,
                 1981, File Nos. 2-73366 and 2-73367).

<PAGE>   60

Exhibit          Description
- -------          -----------


3.01(e)          Certificate of Merger of Volt Information Sciences Capital
                 Corp. and VIS Capital Corp. into the Company, as filed with the
                 Department of State of New York on May 2, 1986 (Exhibit (d)(v)
                 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed
                 August 7, 1986, File No. 1-9232).

3.01(f)          Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
                 Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Department of
                 State of New York on June 13, 1988 (Exhibit 4.01 to the
                 Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                 July 29, 1988).

3.02             By-Laws of the Company (Exhibit 4.02 to the Company's Quarterly
                 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 29. 1988).

4.01(a)          Form of Indenture, dated as of April 15, 1983 among the
                 Company, VIS Capital Corp. and BankAmerica Trust Company of New
                 York, as Trustee, including on pages 1-8 thereof, the full text
                 of the 12-3/8% Senior Subordinated Debentures and Guarantees
                 (Exhibit 4.01 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
                 S-2, dated May 3, 1983, File No. 2-83260).

4.01(b)          Form of Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 2, 1986,
                 between the Company and BankAmerica Trust Company, as Trustee
                 (Exhibit (g)(ii) to the Company's Registration Statement on
                 Form 8-A, filed August 7, 1986, File No. 1-9232).

10.01(a)*        Non-Qualified Stock Option Incentive Plan, as amended September
                 29, 1980 (Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Company's Registration
                 Statement on Form S-7, dated  February 4, 1981, File No.
                 2-70588).

10.01(b)*        1995 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (Exhibit A to the
                 Company's Proxy Statement dated May 26, 1995 used in connection
                 with the Company's 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File
                 No. 1-9233)

10.02(a)*        Agreement dated as of May 1, 1987 between the Company and
                 William Shaw (Exhibit 19.01 to the Company's Quarterly Report
                 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 1987, File No.
                 1-9232).
<PAGE>   61

Exhibit          Description
- -------          -----------

10.02(b)*        Agreement dated January 3, 1989 to Agreement  between the
                 Company and William Shaw (Exhibit 19.01(b) to the Company's
                 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
                 28, 1988, File No. 1-9232).


10.03(a)*        Amendment dated as of May 1, 1987 between the Company and
                 Jerome Shaw (Exhibit 19.02 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
                 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 1987, File No. 1-9232).


10.03(b)*        Amendment dated January 3, 1989 to Agreement between the
                 Company and Jerome Shaw (Exhibit 19.02(b) to the Company's
                 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October
                 28, 1988, File No. 1-9232).


10.04(a)*        Agreement dated as of May 1, 1987 between the Company and Irwin
                 B. Robins (Exhibit 19.03 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
                 Form 10- Q for the quarter ended May 1, 1987, File No. 1-9232).

10.04(b)*        Amendment dated June 1, 1992 to Agreement between the Company
                 and Irwin B. Robins. (Exhibit 10.04(b) to the Company's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 30, 1992,
                 File No. 1-9232).

10.04(c)*        Amendment dated April 28, 1994 to Agreement between the Company
                 and Irwin B. Robins. (Exhibit 10.01 to the Company's Quarterly
                 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 1994, File
                 No. 1-9232).

21.**            Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

23.01**          Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

27.**            Financial Data Schedule (filed with electronic version only).


_______________________________________________________
*  Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement.

** Filed herewith.  All other exhibits are incorporated herein by reference to
the exhibit indicated in the parenthetical references.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21--SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT



The following is a list of the subsidiaries and joint ventures of Volt as of
January 16, 1996 (exclusive of certain subsidiaries which, if considered in the
aggregate, would not, as of November 3, 1995, constitute a significant
subsidiary within the meaning of Rule 1-02(v) of Regulation S-X).  All of such
subsidiaries, to the extent they were active during fiscal 1995, are included
as consolidated subsidiaries in the Registrant's consolidated financial
statements as of November 3, 1995.


                                          Jurisdiction
                                              of
Name (1)                                  Incorporation
- --------                                  -------------

Autologic, Incorporated                   California
Volt Delta Resources, Inc.                Nevada
Volt Delta Resources, Inc.                Delaware
Jefferson-Adams Corporation               New Jersey
Volt Temporary Services, Inc.             Delaware
Volt Real Estate Corporation              Delaware
VIS, Inc.                                 Delaware
Volt-Autologic Directories S.A. Ltd.      Delaware
Volt Holding Corp.                        Nevada
Volt-Autologic, A.B.                      Sweden
Volt-Autologic Limited                    United Kingdom
Volt-Autologic Pty. Limited               Australia
Volt-Autologic, Inc.                      Canada
Volt-Autologic Ltd.                       Israel
Volt Realty Two, Inc.                     Nevada
Volt Orangeca Real Estate Corp.           Delaware
Volt Australia, Ltd.                      Delaware
Shaw & Shaw, Inc.                         Delaware
Volt Delta Europe, Limited                United Kingdom
Volt Human Resources, Inc.                Delaware
Volt ATRD Corp.                           Delaware
<PAGE>   2
VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES--Continued

EXHIBIT 21--SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT--Continued


                                          Jurisdiction
                                              of
Name (1)                                  Incorporation
- --------                                  -------------

Volt Opportunity Road Realty Corp.        Delaware
Autologic International, Ltd. (2)         Delaware
Nuco II, Ltd.                             Delaware
Volt Management Corp.                     Delaware
Volt Technical Corp.                      Delaware
Fidelity National Credit Services Ltd.    California
Tainol, S.A.                              Uruguay
Nuco I, Ltd.                              Nevada
Volt Information Sciences Funding, Inc.   Delaware
Volt Viewtech, Inc.                       Delaware
Pacific Access Pty. Ltd. (4)              Australia
Volt Participacoes, Ltda.                 Brazil
Volt Cayman Investment Company, Ltd.      Cayman Is.
Telelistas Editora, Ltda. (3)             Brazil
Volt Jantech, Inc. (5)                    Delaware
Volt System I, J.V., Inc. (6)             California

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) -   Except as noted, each named subsidiary is wholly owned, directly or
        indirectly, by Volt Information Sciences, Inc., except that in the case
        of certain foreign subsidiaries, qualifying shares may be registered in
        the name of directors and/or other Volt subsidiaries.
(2) -   Wholly owned by Autologic, Incorporated.
(3) -   50% owned joint venture.
(4) -   12-1/2% owned joint venture.
(5) -   60% owned subsidiary.
(6) -   75% owned subsidiary.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS





We consent to the incorporation by reference in Post-Effective Amendment No. 2
to Registration Statement No. 2-75618 on Form S-8 dated September 12, 1988,
Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 2-70180 on Form
S-8 dated April 8, 1983, and Registration Statement No. 33-18565 on Form S-8
dated December 14, 1987 of Volt Information Sciences, Inc. of our report dated
December 19, 1995, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and
schedule of Volt Information Sciences, Inc. and subsidiaries included in the
Form 10-K for the year ended November 3, 1995.


                                             Ernst & Young LLP



New York, New York
January 26, 1996
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          NOV-03-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               NOV-03-1995
<CASH>                                          25,350
<SECURITIES>                                     1,047
<RECEIVABLES>                                  115,639
<ALLOWANCES>                                     3,943
<INVENTORY>                                     28,207
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               182,215
<PP&E>                                          87,642
<DEPRECIATION>                                  32,057
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 264,011
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          124,632
<BONDS>                                         28,819
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                           966
<OTHER-SE>                                     106,161
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   264,011
<SALES>                                         69,608
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               907,362
<CGS>                                           47,104
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  808,344
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                63,611
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 2,081
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               6,045
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 27,281
<INCOME-TAX>                                    10,895
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             16,386
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                   (62)
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    16,324
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.69
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.69
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
