-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BmzplOxgGRkncQQ9Yw//MdNP4xhQNUuggiZLgK07KcEWC/WfF/3J9mLIOEfRxJDa
 tZAD38PZyZL6KbtvUckpEg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950117-96-000229.txt : 19960321
<SEC-HEADER>0000950117-96-000229.hdr.sgml : 19960321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950117-96-000229
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960320
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WITCO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000107889
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				131870000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04654
		FILM NUMBER:		96536652

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE AMERICAN WAY
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126053800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE AMERICAN LANE
		CITY:			GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WITCO CHEMICAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19851117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WITCO CHEMICAL CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19681203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WITCO CORPORATION FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

________________________________________________________________________________
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
 
                            ------------------------
 
                                   FORM 10-K
                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995           COMMISSION FILE NO. 1-4654
 
                            ------------------------
 
                               WITCO CORPORATION
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
 
                            ------------------------
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                       <C>
                        DELAWARE                                                 13-1870000
            (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF                         (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
             INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)
 
                   ONE AMERICAN LANE                                             06831-2559
                 GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT                                          (ZIP CODE)
        (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)
</TABLE>
 
       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (203) 552-2000
 
                            ------------------------
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
                          TITLE OF EACH CLASS                               ON WHICH REGISTERED
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------   ------------------------
 
<S>                                                                       <C>
Common Stock -- $5 Par Value                                              New York Stock Exchange
Rights to Purchase Series A Participating                                 New York Stock Exchange
  Cumulative Preferred Stock
</TABLE>
 
     Indicate  by check  mark whether the  Registrant (1) has  filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of  the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934  during  the preceding  12  months (or  for  such shorter  period  that the
Registrant was required to file such reports)  and (2) has been subject to  such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes _X_ No ____
 
     Indicate  by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge, in definitive  proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [x]
 
     As of March 1, 1996, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
non-affiliates  of the Registrant, based on the  closing price on March 1, 1996,
on the New  York Stock  Exchange for the  Registrant's Common  Stock, was  $1.82
billion.
 
     There  were 56,489,369 shares of  the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding
on March 1, 1996.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
     Portions of Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its April 24, 1996,
Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III.
 
________________________________________________________________________________

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1 -- BUSINESS
 
(A) GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS
 
     The Company is a global manufacturer and marketer of specialty chemical and
petroleum  products  for  use  in  a wide  variety  of  industrial  and consumer
applications. Most of the  Company's products are  sold to industrial  customers
for  use as additives and  intermediates which impart particular characteristics
to such customers' end products. Established in 1920, at December 31, 1995,  the
Company had 8,053 employees worldwide.
 
     The  Company's  operations  are divided  between  three  business segments:
Chemical, OSi  Specialties and  Petroleum  which are  described in  Section  (c)
below.
 
     In  1992, the Company completed the acquisition of the Industrial Chemicals
and  Natural  Substances  divisions  of   Schering  AG  Berlin  (the   'Schering
Acquisition').  As  a result  of  the acquisition,  the  Company's international
presence expanded with the  addition of a large  chemical manufacturing base  in
Germany and operations in Spain, the United Kingdom, France and Italy.
 
     On  October 19,  1995, Witco completed  the acquisition  of OSi Specialties
Holding  Company  ('OSi  Specialties'  or  'OSi'),  an  entity  engaged  in  the
manufacture  of silicone surfactants,  amine catalysts, organofunctional silanes
and specialty fluids and the operation of manufacturing and blending  facilities
in West Virginia, Europe, South America and Asia.
 
     In  1995, the  Company completed the  disposition of its  Battery Parts and
Carbon Black operations. These  dispositions completed the Company's  previously
announced  plan to dispose of all of the businesses of the Company's Diversified
Products segment.
 
     In September 1995, the Company announced its intention to dispose of all of
the businesses in the Lubricants portion  of its Petroleum segment. The  Company
anticipates completing this disposition by mid-1996.
 
     Witco  Corporation was incorporated  in 1958 under the  laws of Delaware as
Witco Chemical  Company, Inc.,  at which  time  it succeeded  by merger  to  the
business  of Witco Chemical Company, an Illinois corporation formed in 1920. Its
executive offices  are  located at  One  American Lane,  Greenwich,  Connecticut
06831-2559, telephone (203) 552-2000.
 
(B) FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS
 
     Reference  is made to  Note 15 of  Notes to Financial  Statements. See Item
8 --  Financial Statements  and Supplementary  Data following  Part IV  of  this
report.
 
(C) NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
 
     The  Company's  operations  are divided  between  three  business segments:
Chemical, OSi Specialties and Petroleum Products.
 
Chemical Products
 
Oleochemicals/Surfactants
 
     Witco offers one of the broadest lines of surfactants and oleochemicals  in
the  chemical industry,  providing 'one-stop  shopping' for  its customers  on a
global basis.  These products  are  sold to  a  range of  industries,  including
cosmetics  and pharmaceuticals; personal care, soap and detergent; agricultural;
rubber; food; paint and protective coatings; and textile. Surfactants change the
surface tension of  liquids. They  include agricultural  emulsifiers, which  are
used  to break up pesticides into small particles, thereby increasing dispersion
and  improving  penetration,  and  food  emulsifiers,  which  impart  particular
characteristics (such as consistency) to certain foods. In addition, surfactants
are  used in personal care products, fabric softeners, and detergents to improve
penetration and cleaning capability. These products complement those offered  by
the Petroleum Specialties Group of the Company's Petroleum
 
                                       1
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Products  segment in this area. Oleochemicals  are derived from natural fats and
oils,  and  include   fatty  acids,   fatty  amines,   esters  and   glycerines.
Oleochemicals  modify surfaces either as direct  lubricants, or as components of
ingredients that modify surfaces. Examples of their diverse applications include
acting as lubricants in plastics; imparting mold release features for the rubber
industry; and acting as  curing systems for rubber.  The Company is a  worldwide
producer  of cationic  and amphoteric  surfactant products.  These materials are
major ingredients in fabric softener,  hair conditioner and other personal  care
products.
 
Polymer Additives
 
     Witco  is a worldwide  supplier of additives and  catalysts for the polymer
industry. It manufactures  stabilizers, lubricants,  plasticizers, and  peroxide
catalysts  used in  the manufacture of  polyvinyl chloride (PVC)  resin for such
applications as pipes, fittings, siding and packaging materials. The Company  is
also   a  supplier  of  lubricants,  antioxidants,  and  peroxide  catalysts  to
polyolefin/polystyrene manufacturers.  These resins  are used  extensively in  a
broad  spectrum of applications  ranging from packaging  film to small appliance
housings. The Company  is a European  producer of aluminum  alkyls, used as  co-
catalysts   in  the  production  of   polyolefins  (including  polyethylene  and
polypropylene, which  are among  the  world's largest  volume plastics  used  in
packaging, cars, furniture, and appliances) and produces organotin compounds for
the production of PVC stabilizers and biocides for marine paints.
 
Resins
 
     The  Resins Group, based in Germany, serves Witco's diverse global customer
base for polyurethane intermediates, coatings,  and epoxy resins and  hardeners.
It  encompasses  Witco's  U.S.-based polyurethane  intermediates  businesses and
epoxy resins, hardeners and polyurethanes manufacturing and marketing operations
in the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, and Denmark.
 
     Witco has  been  developing  water-based polyurethanes  to  replace  higher
volatile  organic compound solvent-based systems.  This has increased the number
of new products and Witco's market share among multi-product customers. Witco is
conducting an effort to develop technical applications for these products in new
markets. Examples  include  new  water-based textile  coatings  and  a  patented
dimethyl pyrazol (DMP) polyurethane for anti-corrosive coatings developed in the
U.K., polyurethane systems for footwear developed in France for manufacturers in
Asia  and  South  America, low-fogging  polyesters  for the  European  and Asian
markets, water-based  epoxy resins  and hardeners  and polyurethane  dispersions
worldwide.
 
     Worldwide,   footwear,  adhesives,  and  coatings  are  believed  to  offer
significant new  business potential  for  customers with  both epoxy  resin  and
polyurethane  needs.  To  meet  these  needs,  Witco  is  investing  in capacity
expansions at plants worldwide.
 
Customers
 
     The Company markets  its specialty chemical  products directly through  its
own sales force and through an organized distribution program to more than 6,000
customers in the United States and more than 80 foreign countries operating in a
broad  range  of industries.  Its chemical  business is  not dependent  upon any
single customer or a few customers. During the year ended December 31, 1995,  no
customer  accounted for more than 4 1/2% of Chemical Segment sales, and sales to
the ten largest customers  accounted for approximately  15% of Chemical  Segment
sales.
 
Competition
 
     Competition   in  the  Company's  specialty  chemicals  business  is  based
primarily on product consistency, quality and performance, customer service, and
the technological resources necessary to  develop and deliver new products  that
meet  customer  needs.  Several factors  constitute  barriers to  entry  for new
participants in many  of the  Company's markets:  the need  to make  significant
capital  and research  and development expenditures;  the need  for an extensive
distribution network;  the high  level of  expertise needed  to solve  technical
problems for customers; manufacturing and product formulation
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

knowledge;  the  lengthy  product  development  process  and  customers' general
aversion to contracting with unproven suppliers of specialty chemical  products.
Competition  is fragmented, with no one  competitor offering products across all
of the Company's chemical product lines.
 
OSi Specialties
 
     OSi Specialties,  a  wholly-owned subsidiary  of  the Company  acquired  in
October   1995,  manufactures   and  sells  over   500  silicone-based  chemical
intermediate products  to  manufacturers  of  fiberglass,  reinforced  plastics,
polyurethane   foam,   textiles,  coatings,   automotives,   adhesives,  rubber,
pharmaceuticals,  thermoplastics,  sealants  and  agricultural,  electrical  and
personal  care products throughout the  world. In 1958, OSi  invented the use of
silicone surfactants  in  the manufacture  of  urethane foam.  This  fundamental
technological advance facilitated a lower-cost, continuous manufacturing method,
resulting  in accelerated growth in  the urethane foam industry.  OSi was also a
pioneer in  the  silanes  industry,  and  was  instrumental  in  developing  key
technology for the reinforcement of plastics.
 
     Regardless  of  form, most  silicones  share a  combination  of properties,
including electrical resistance, ability to maintain performance across a  broad
range  of  temperatures,  resistance  to  aging,  water  repellence, lubricating
characteristics  and  relative   chemical  and   physiological  inertness.   The
versatility  of  silicone-based  intermediates  has led  to  a  wide  variety of
applications across  a broad  spectrum  of industries  in all  major  countries.
Examples  of  OSi's products  include  catalysts, surfactants,  coupling agents,
process aids and other silicone-based specialty chemicals. Catalysts promote the
process of urethane foam and  polymer formation. Surfactants promote the  mixing
of  reactants, control cell  size and stabilize  urethane foam. Surfactants also
serve as wetting  agents in a  broad spectrum  of applications and  are used  in
personal  care products (hair  conditioning) and coatings  (for flow control and
leveling). Coupling agents bond inorganic and organic materials and enhance  the
physical, mechanical and adhesion properties of a variety of products, including
fiberglass,  sealants, rubber and  coatings. Process aides  include foam control
agents, which inhibit foam formation or reduce foam in such diverse applications
as antacid tablets, fountain soda and pulp and paper processing.
 
Raw Materials
 
     The principal raw materials for the OSi Specialties Segment's products  are
trichlorosilane, polyether fluids and dimethyl siloxane hydrolyzate. The Segment
purchases, in the aggregate, more than 50% of its raw materials from Dow Corning
Corporation  and Union  Carbide Corporation  under various  long-term agreements
expiring from 1998  to 2000. The  Segment purchases other  raw materials from  a
variety  of domestic and international suppliers, and these products are readily
available from other suppliers.
 
Customers
 
     The  Company   markets  its   OSi  Specialties   products  through   direct
distribution  using a trained sales force,  and through distributor sales in the
United  States  and  foreign  locations.  Since  the  acquisition,  no  customer
accounted for more than 14.2% of OSi Specialties Segment sales, and sales to the
ten  largest  customers accounted  for  approximately 38.8%  of  OSi Specialties
Segment sales.
 
Competition
 
     The  OSi  Specialties   Segment  faces  relatively   few  direct   silicone
competitors.  Competition is based primarily on product consistency, quality and
performance, customer  service  and  the technological  resources  necessary  to
develop  and  deliver new  products that  meet  customer needs.  Several factors
constitute barriers to entry in many  of the OSi Specialties Segment's  markets:
the  need to make significant capital and research and development expenditures;
the need for  an extensive  distribution network;  the high  level of  expertise
needed  to  solve technical  problems for  customers; manufacturing  and product
formulation  knowledge;  and  the   lengthy  product  development  process   and
customers'  general aversion to contracting with unproven suppliers of specialty
chemical products.
 
                                       3
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Petroleum Products
 
Petroleum Specialties
 
     Witco is  an important  manufacturer and  marketer of  white mineral  oils,
petrolatums,  refrigeration oils and  telecommunication cable filling compounds,
as well as natural  and synthetic petroleum sulfonates.  White mineral oils  and
petrolatums are extensively refined, high purity petroleum products suitable for
food  grade,  pharmaceutical  and  cosmetic  applications.  They  are  inert and
non-reactive,  and  impart  emolliency,  moisture  resistance,  lubrication  and
insulation  properties.  These products  are marketed  in coordination  with the
Oleochemicals/Surfactants Group of the  Company's Chemical Segment. In  addition
to  personal care and food applications,  white mineral oils and petrolatums are
used in  plastics,  agriculture,  textiles and  chemical  processing.  Petroleum
sulfonates  are oil soluble,  surface active agents  derived from both synthetic
and natural  petroleum feedstocks.  They provide  properties of  emulsification,
dispersion,  wetting of solids, and rust  and corrosion inhibition, and are used
in lubricant additives and metalworking fluids.  The Company is also a  supplier
of  fully refined, FDA-quality microcrystalline  waxes, which are primarily used
in paper lamination and packaging applications including cheese coatings.
 
Lubricants
 
     The Company produces  motor oils and  lubricants which it  sells under  the
Kendall  and  Amalie brand  names. Kendall  and Amalie  brand products  are sold
worldwide through  a network  of over  300 warehouse  distributors. Kendall  and
Amalie  brand  products  are  also  sold  directly  to  large  national accounts
domestically. In addition, Witco  is the largest  domestic private label  grease
manufacturer  and markets  Lubrimatic brand  products and  lubricating equipment
directly to its  customers. Witco  is also  a supplier  of specialty  naphthenic
oils,  which  are  marketed  to  the  rubber,  plastics,  ink  and  agricultural
industries, and asphalt and specialty road and surface treatment products, which
are sold primarily for highway construction and maintenance. In September  1995,
Witco  announced its  intention to divest  its Lubricants Group.  Results of its
Lubricants Group are currently reported as discontinued operations.
 
Customers
 
     The Company's  petroleum products  are marketed  directly through  its  own
sales  force and through distributors and agents. During the year ended December
31, 1995, no customer accounted for more than 7% of continuing Petroleum Segment
sales, and sales to the ten largest customers accounted for approximately 27% of
continuing Petroleum Segment sales.
 
Competition
 
     Many of  the  specialty petroleum  products  produced by  Witco,  like  its
specialty  chemical products, are characterized  by a need for  a high degree of
manufacturing competence and technical service. The petroleum products market is
highly competitive with the Company's products competing primarily on the  basis
of  pricing, quality and service. The  Company believes its technical expertise,
reputation for quality products,  and, in the case  of consumer products,  brand
name recognition, give it advantages in the marketplace.
 
International Operations
 
     Sales of Witco's continuing non-U.S. operations were $787.6 million, or 40%
of  total sales for continuing operations, for the year ended December 31, 1995.
Witco's manufacturing and producing operations outside the United States are  in
Belgium,   Brazil,  Canada,  Denmark,  England,   France,  Germany,  Hong  Kong,
Indonesia, Israel, Italy,  Korea, Malaysia, Mexico,  the Netherlands, Spain  and
Thailand.
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Patents and Trademarks
 
     The  Company owns  and controls  patents, trade  secrets, trademarks, trade
names, copyrights and confidential  information, which in  the aggregate are  of
material  importance to  its business.  However, the  Company is  not materially
dependent upon  any single  patent or  trademark. The  Company's trademarks  are
registered in the United States and in a number of foreign countries, with terms
of  registration expiring generally between 1996  and 2006. The Company also has
approximately 1,400 patents and applications worldwide related to its continuing
operations. The Company intends to renew  and maintain in a timely manner  those
trademarks  and  patents  that are  renewable  and maintainable  and  are deemed
important to its business.
 
Backlog
 
     The nature  of the  Company's business  is such  that customer  orders  are
usually  filled within 30  days. Accordingly, backlog is  not significant to the
Company's business.
 
Research and Development
 
     The Company  is  actively  engaged in  research  and  development  programs
designed   to  develop  new  products,   manufacturing  processes,  systems  and
technologies to enhance  existing products and  processes. The Company  believes
its  investments in  research and development  have been an  important factor in
establishing  and   maintaining  its   competitive  position.   Witco   expended
approximately  $52.9 million in 1995, $40.7 million in 1994 and $40.3 million in
1993 on research and development of new products and services for its continuing
operations, and for improvements and  new applications of existing products  and
services for its continuing operations.
 
Environmental Matters
 
     The industries in which Witco operates have experienced increased operating
costs  and capital investments  due to statutes and  regulations at the federal,
state and local levels for the protection of the environment and the health  and
safety  of employees and others. Witco believes that expenditures for compliance
with these statutes and regulations will  continue to have a significant  impact
upon  the conduct of its business. The trend for greater environmental awareness
and more stringent  environmental regulations  is likely to  continue and  while
Witco cannot accurately predict how this trend will affect future operations and
earnings, Witco does not believe its costs will vary significantly from those of
its competitors in the chemical and petroleum industries.
 
     The  Company  evaluates  and  reviews  environmental  reserves  for  future
remediation and  other  costs on  a  quarterly basis  to  determine  appropriate
reserve  amounts. Inherent in this  process are considerable uncertainties which
affect the  Company's ability  to  estimate the  ultimate costs  of  remediation
efforts.  Such uncertainties include  the nature and  extent of contamination at
each site, evolving governmental  standards regarding remediation  requirements,
the  number and financial condition of  other potentially responsible parties at
multi-party sites, innovations  in remediation and  restoration technology,  and
the identification of additional environmental sites.
 
     Environmental  reserves related  to continuing  operations at  December 31,
1995 amounted to $83.6 million, which reflects management's assessment of future
remediation costs  in  light  of currently  available  information.  Remediation
expenditures  charged to those  reserves were $13.7 million  in 1995 and include
expenditures currently mandated as well as those not required by any  regulatory
authority   or  third  party.  The  Company  anticipates  1996  expenditures  to
approximate $24.0 million.
 
     Capital expenditures related  to continuing operations  for air, water  and
solid  waste control equipment  and facilities related  to continuing operations
amounted to $8.9 million in 1995. The Company estimates that approximately $20.0
million will be expended on similar capital projects in 1996.
 
     The Company  is  continuing  its  efforts to  reduce  hazardous  waste  and
emissions  generated by its operations. Through improved operating efficiencies,
installation of additional  environmental control equipment  and utilization  of
the  latest  innovations  in  waste  treatment  technology,  management believes
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

that  direct  recurring  operating  costs  associated  with  managing  hazardous
substances  and pollution  can be controlled.  Such costs  related to continuing
operations amounted to $28.2 million in 1995.
 
(D) FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES
 
     Witco's foreign subsidiaries generally manufacture products similar to  the
principal  products manufactured  domestically. Subsidiaries  in the Netherlands
and Canada manufacture  petroleum specialty products;  subsidiaries in  Belgium,
Brazil,  Canada, Denmark,  England, France,  Germany, Israel,  Italy, Mexico and
Spain manufacture  chemical products.  In  early 1996,  the Company  acquired  a
resins manufacturing plant in Singapore.
 
     In  accord with  normal market  conditions, sales  made outside  the United
States are generally made on longer terms of payment than would be normal within
the United States. Foreign operations are  subject to certain risks inherent  in
carrying   on  international  business,   including  currency  devaluations  and
controls, export and import restrictions, inflationary factors, product  supply,
economic  controls, nationalization  and expropriation.  The likelihood  of such
occurrences varies from country to country and is not predictable. However,  the
Company's  primary foreign operations  are based in  Western Europe, Canada, and
other stable areas,  and, therefore, the  Company does not  believe these  risks
will have a significant impact upon the Company.
 
     Reference  is made to  Note 15 of  Notes to Financial  Statements. See Item
8 --  Financial Statements  and Supplementary  Data following  Part IV  of  this
report.
 
ITEM 2 -- PROPERTIES
 
     Witco  currently conducts  its manufacturing operations  for its continuing
businesses in 51 manufacturing plants  and other producing facilities, owned  in
fee  or occupied under  lease, of which  21 are in  the United States  and 30 in
other countries.  Of these  facilities,  33 are  utilized for  Chemical  product
manufacturing;  10 are utilized for OSi Specialties product manufacturing; and 8
are utilized for Petroleum product manufacturing.  All of the facilities are  in
good operating condition.
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

 PRINCIPAL MANUFACTURING PLANTS AND OTHER IMPORTANT PHYSICAL PROPERTIES RELATED
                                 TO CONTINUING
        OPERATIONS -- LOCATIONS BY INDUSTRY SEGMENT (OWNED IN FEE EXCEPT
              WHERE PARENTHETICAL DATES REFER TO LEASE EXPIRATION)
 
      CHEMICAL SEGMENT FACILITIES
      United States
      Santa Fe Springs, California*
      Blue Island, Illinois
      Chicago, Illinois
      Mapleton, Illinois -- 2 Plants
      Harahan, Louisiana
      Taft, Louisiana
      Brainards, New Jersey*
      Newark, New Jersey*
      Perth Amboy, New Jersey
      Brooklyn, New York
      Memphis, Tennessee
      Fort Worth, Texas
      Houston, Texas
      LaPorte, Texas
      Marshall, Texas
      Janesville, Wisconsin
      International
      Brantford, Canada
      Montreal, Canada
      Oakville, Canada
      Soro, Denmark (2005)
      Accrington, England
      Droitwich, England
      Flimby, England
      Elbeuf, France
      St. Amour, France
      Bergkamen, Germany (2091)
      Steinau, Germany
      Haifa, Israel
      Gambolo, Italy
      Cuatitlan, Mexico
      Singapore
      Granollers, Spain

      OSI SPECIALTIES SEGMENT FACILITIES

      United States
      Sistersville, West Virginia
 
      International
 
      Zwijndrecht, Belgium
      Itatiba, Brazil
      Termoli, Italy
 
      PETROLEUM SEGMENT FACILITIES

      United States
      Gretna, Louisiana
      Petrolia, Pennsylvania
      Trainer, Pennsylvania
      International
      Scarborough, Canada (1996)
      West Hill, Canada
      Amsterdam, the Netherlands
      Haarlem, the Netherlands
      Koog Aan De Zaan, the Netherlands
 
- ------------
 
* Manufacturing  plants to be closed in 1996 and 1997 as a part of the Company's
  plant consolidation program.
 
                                       7
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

      OTHER FACILITIES

      United States
      Greenwich, Connecticut (2014)
      Los Angeles, California (2001)
      Tarrytown, New York (1997)
      Oakland, New Jersey
      Dublin, Ohio
      Houston, Texas (1996)
      S. Charleston, West Virginia (1997)
      Danbury, Connecticut (2000)
 
      World Headquarters -- Principal
      Executive, Administrative and Sales Office
 
      Administrative and Sales Office
      Research
      Research
      Research
      Administrative and Research
      Administrative and Research
      Administrative Office
      International
      Paris, France (1999)
      Frankfurt, Germany (1997)
      Singapore (1999)
      Meyrin, Switzerland (2007)
      Administrative and Sales Office
      Principal European Executive and
      Administrative Office
      Administrative and Research
      Administrative and Research
 
     In addition, OSi  Specialties operates  producing and  other facilities  in
Mexico, Korea, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia.
 
ITEM 3 -- LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
     The  Company has been  notified that it is  a potentially responsible party
('PRP') or a defendant in a  number of governmental (federal, state, and  local)
and  private  actions  associated with  the  release, or  suspected  release, of
contaminants into the environment. As a PRP, the Company may be liable for costs
associated   with   the   investigation   and   remediation   of   environmental
contamination,  as well as  various penalties, and  damages to persons, property
and natural resources.  As of December  31, 1995, the  Company was a  PRP, or  a
defendant,  in connection  with 67 sites  at which  it is likely  to incur costs
associated with environmental investigation or remedial actions which have  been
or  will  be  executed  pursuant  to  the  Comprehensive  Environmental Response
Compensation  and  Liability  Act  ('CERCLA'),  the  Resource  Conservation  and
Recovery  Act ('RCRA'), or similar state or  local laws. With 22 exceptions, all
of these sites involve one or more  PRPs, and in most cases, there are  numerous
other  PRPs in addition to the Company. CERCLA, RCRA, and the state counterparts
to these federal laws, authorize governments to investigate and remediate actual
or suspected  damage to  the  environment caused  by  the release  or  suspected
release   of  hazardous  substances  into  the  environment,  or  to  order  the
responsible parties to investigate and/or remediate such environmental damage.
 
     The  Company  evaluates  and  reviews  environmental  reserves  for  future
remediation  and  other  costs on  a  quarterly basis  to  determine appropriate
reserve amounts. Inherent in this  process are considerable uncertainties  which
affect  the  Company's ability  to estimate  the  ultimate costs  of remediation
efforts. Such uncertainties include  the nature and  extent of contamination  at
each  site, evolving governmental  standards regarding remediation requirements,
changes in  environmental  regulations,  widely  varying  costs  of  alternative
cleanup  methods,  the  number  and  financial  condition  of  other potentially
responsible  parties  at  multi-party  sites,  innovations  in  remediation  and
restoration  technology,  and  the  identification  of  additional environmental
sites.
 
     The Company  has  numerous insurance  policies  which it  believes  provide
coverage  at  various  levels  for  environmental  liabilities.  The  Company is
currently  in  litigation   with  certain   of  its   insurers  concerning   the
applicability  and amount  of insurance  coverage for  environmental costs under
certain of these policies. Except  for amounts reflected in executed  settlement
agreements, no provision for recovery under any of these policies is included in
the Company's financial statements.
 
     The  Company  is  a  party  to a  Consent  Decree  with  the  United States
Environmental Protection  Agency ('EPA')  and the  United States  Department  of
Justice ('DOJ') filed with the District Court,
 
                                       8
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Eastern  District of  California, on  June 7,  1995. The  Consent Decree settles
certain  litigation  related  to  the  Company's  Oildale,  California  refinery
operated  by its Lubricants  Group. Pursuant to the  Consent Decree, the Company
must construct a new wastewater recycling  system at the refinery, which  system
must  be  operational by  June 30,  1998, must  operate for  10 years,  and must
recycle at least  75% of the  total annualized  process and storm  water in  the
first year of operation, at least 78% in the second year and at least 82% in the
third  year and thereafter. The Company must also close the deep injection wells
at the  refinery by  June  30, 1998,  although the  Company  may keep  one  deep
injection well operational past this date (but in no event beyond June 30, 2002)
under  certain circumstances specified in the Consent Decree. The Consent Decree
also requires the  Company to  perform certain groundwater  monitoring and  site
characterization  work  at the  refinery (including  some  work off-site  at the
Chevron property adjacent to the  refinery) and to submit  to EPA Region IX  the
Company's  recommendations for future site  characterization and remediation, if
any, deemed necessary as a result of the initial site characterization  efforts.
The  Consent Decree also requires the Company to take certain additional actions
at the refinery,  some of which  have previously been  completed, and to  report
semi-annually  to EPA and DOJ its  progress with respect to design, construction
and operation of the wastewater recycling system.
 
     The Company is a defendant in  three similar actions pending in  California
state  courts, which arise out of  the Company's involvement in the polybutylene
resin manufacturing business in the 1970's: East Bay Municipal Utility  District
v.  Mobil Oil Co., et al., filed in November 1993, and pending in Superior Court
for the County of San Mateo; City of Santa Maria v. Shell Oil Co., et al.; filed
in May 1994, and pending  in Superior Court for the  County of San Luis  Obispo;
and  Nipomo Community Services District  v. Shell Oil Co.,  et al.; filed in May
1995, and pending  in Superior  Court for  the County  of San  Luis Obispo.  The
actions   generally  allege  that  the  Company  and  several  other  defendants
negligently misrepresented  the performance  of polybutylene  pipe and  fittings
installed  in water  distribution systems.  Other allegations  include breach of
warranty, fraud, strict liability and breach of the California Unfair  Practices
Act.
 
     On  November 3, 1995, the  United States filed suit  against the Company in
United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois seeking up  to
$4.5  million  in civil  penalties for  the alleged  discharge of  pollutants in
violation of the  Clean Water  Act. In this  action, the  United States  alleges
that, at various times from 1990 to 1993, the Company discharged pollutants into
the  Illinois River from its Mapleton, Illinois facility without first obtaining
a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permit.
 
     The  Company  is  not   a  party  to   any  legal  proceedings,   including
environmental  matters, which it believes will have a material adverse effect on
its consolidated financial position. However, depending on the amount and timing
of an unfavorable  resolution of these  contingencies, it is  possible that  the
Company's  future  results  of  operations could  be  materially  affected  in a
particular period.
 
ITEM 4 -- SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
     There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders, through  the
solicitation  of proxies or otherwise, during  the fourth quarter ended December
31, 1995.
 
                                       9
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                       EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
 
     The following sets  forth information regarding  executive officers of  the
Company  as of February 29,  1996, and is included in  Part I in accordance with
Instruction 3 of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                SERVED IN
                                                 PRESENT
                                                POSITION               PRIOR BUSINESS EXPERIENCE
           NAME AND PRESENT TITLE                 SINCE                 (WITHIN LAST FIVE YEARS)               AGE
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------   ------------------------------------------------   ---
<S>                                             <C>         <C>                                                <C>
CORPORATE
 
Peter J. Biancotti ..........................      1983                                                        52
  Vice President and Controller
John M. Bondur ..............................      1995     Managing director, Ward Howell                     52
  Vice President -- Human Resources                           International -- 1989 to 1995.
Bruce G. Davis ..............................      1995     Vice President Purchasing and Logistics,           47
  Vice President -- Purchasing and Logistics                  Standard Products -- 1993 to 1995.
                                                              Manager -- Materials, Sourcing and Support
                                                              Operations, GE Transportation Systems -- 1990
                                                              to 1993.
Ronald Edelstein ............................      1995     Vice President -- Information Systems -- April     46
  Chief Information Officer, Vice                             1992 to December 1995. General
  President -- Information Systems                            Manager -- Information Systems,
                                                              Witco -- October 1991 to April 1992. Vice
                                                              President -- Systems Development, Revlon
                                                              Inc. -- February 1991 to September 1991. Group
                                                              Director -- Systems and Programming, Revlon,
                                                              Inc. prior to February 1991.
Michael D. Fullwood .........................      1992     Group Vice President -- Finance and                49
  Executive Vice President and Chief                          Administration -- October 1990 to September
  Financial Officer                                           1992. Vice President and Treasurer prior to
                                                              October 1990.
Gerald Katz .................................      1995     Group Vice President -- Senior Managing            58
  Senior Vice President -- Corporate                          Director -- Witco Europe from 1992 to 1994.
  Development                                                 Group Vice President -- Chemical Group prior
                                                              to 1992.
William E. Mahoney ..........................      1994     Vice Chairman and Chief Operating                  64
  Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer                   Officer -- Chemicals -- September 1992 to
                                                              August 1994. Executive Vice
                                                              President -- Chemical Group prior to September
                                                              1992.
Dustan E. McCoy .............................      1993     Associate General Counsel, Ashland, Inc, prior     46
  Vice President, General Counsel and                         to April 1993.
  Corporate Secretary
Lawrence B. Nelson ..........................      1990     Group Vice President -- Petroleum Group            65
  Group Vice President -- Corporate
  Technology
James M. Rutledge ...........................      1990     Assistant Controller                               43
  Vice President and Treasurer
Carl R. Soderlind ...........................      1993     Group Vice President -- Commercial                 62
  Senior Vice President -- External Affairs                   Services -- March 1990 to December 1992. Vice
                                                              President -- Corporate Development and
                                                              Investor Relations prior to March 1990.
William R. Toller ...........................      1990     Vice Chairman and Chief Financial                  65
  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive                   Officer -- March 1990 to September 1990.
  Officer                                                     Executive Vice President -- Finance and
                                                              Administration prior to March 1990.
</TABLE>
 
                                                  (table continued on next page)
 
                                       10
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

(table continued from previous page)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                SERVED IN
                                                 PRESENT
                                                POSITION               PRIOR BUSINESS EXPERIENCE
           NAME AND PRESENT TITLE                 SINCE                 (WITHIN LAST FIVE YEARS)               AGE
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------   ------------------------------------------------   ---
<S>                                             <C>         <C>                                                <C>
CHEMICAL SEGMENT
 
Group Vice Presidents:
Nirmal Jain .................................      1993     Vice President and General Manager -- Argus        58
  Polymer Additives                                           Division prior to January 1993.
Peter Loewrigkeit ...........................      1995     Group Vice President -- Resins business unit       57
  Resins                                                      from 1994 to 1995, Vice
                                                              President -- Polyurethane/Polyesters business
                                                              unit from 1993 to 1994, Vice
                                                              President -- Business Manager -- Urethane
                                                              business unit from 1991 to 1993.
Frederick A. Shinners .......................      1994     Vice President and General Manager -- GE           53
  Oleochemicals/Surfactants                                   Silicones from August 1990 to June 1994.
                                                              President -- GE Plastics, Japan prior to
                                                              August 1990.
OSI SPECIALTIES SEGMENT
 
Group Vice President:
David I. Barton .............................      1995     Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive          57
                                                              Officer, OSi Specialties, Inc. -- July 1993 to
                                                              August 1995. Employed by GAF Chemicals
                                                              Corporation and its successor, International
                                                              Specialty Products, Inc. -- March 1988 to
                                                              October 1992.
 
PETROLEUM SEGMENT
 
Group Vice President:
Harvey L. Golubock ..........................      1990     Vice President Supply and Distribution prior to    53
  Lubricants                                                  September 1990.
Vice Presidents:
Eric R. Myers ...............................      1993     Vice President and General Manager --              49
                                                              Kendall/Amalie Division from January 1993 to
                                                              April 1993. Vice President and General
                                                              Manager -- Richardson Battery Parts Division
                                                              from May 1991 to December 1992. President and
                                                              General Manager, Bridgeport -- Piedmont
                                                              Manufacturing Co. -- Division of Bridge
                                                              Products, Inc. prior to May 1991.
Donald E. Weinberg...........................      1986                                                        60
 
INTERNATIONAL
 
Group Vice President:
 
Yuan-Hu (Dick) Liu ..........................      1995     President, Du Pont China Holding Co. Ltd., from    58
  Asian Operations                                            1993 - 1995. Group Manager/Director Greater
                                                              China, Du Pont China Ltd. from 1987 to 1993.
</TABLE>
 
                                       11
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5 -- MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
 
     Witco's Common  Stock  is  listed  on the  New  York  Stock  Exchange.  The
following  table reflects  the high  and low sales  prices, as  reported on such
exchange for each quarterly period during the past two years:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      1995                1994
                                                ----------------    ----------------
                   QUARTER                       HIGH      LOW       HIGH      LOW
- ---------------------------------------------   ------    ------    ------    ------
 
<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
First........................................   $29.38    $24.25    $35.00    $30.00
Second.......................................   $33.13    $27.25    $32.00    $26.38
Third........................................   $35.63    $31.50    $31.25    $27.38
Fourth.......................................   $35.13    $27.50    $28.75    $24.38
</TABLE>
 
     The approximate number of holders of  record of the Company's Common  Stock
as of February 29, 1996, was      .
 
     Dividends  on the Common Stock have been declared quarterly during the past
two years as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          PER SHARE
                                                                         ------------
                               QUARTER                                   1995    1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----    ----
 
<S>                                                                      <C>     <C>
First.................................................................   $.28    $.25
Second................................................................   $.28    $.25
Third.................................................................   $.28    $.28
Fourth................................................................   $.28    $.28
</TABLE>
 
ITEM 6 -- SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
     The data for this item are  submitted as a separate section following  Part
IV of this report.
 
ITEM 7 -- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
     The  data for this item are submitted  as a separate section following Part
IV of this report.
 
ITEM 8 -- FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 
     The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data of the Company
and its subsidiaries  are included in  a separate section  following Part IV  of
this report.
 
ITEM 9 -- CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 
     None.
 
                                       12
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10 -- DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
 
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS
 
(a) Identification of Directors
 
     Reference  is made to pages 3 through 6  of the Proxy Statement to be filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than March 31, 1996.
 
(b) Identification of Executive Officers
 
     Reference is made to Part I of this Form 10-K.
 
(c) Business Experience
 
     Reference is made to pages 3 through  6 of the Proxy Statement to be  filed
pursuant  to Regulation 14A no later than March 31, 1996 and Part I of this Form
10-K.
 
COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT
 
     Reference is made to page 6 of the Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant  to
Regulation 14A no later than March 31, 1996.
 
ITEM 11 -- EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
     Reference  is  made  to  the  information  set  forth  under  the  captions
'Compensation of Directors' and 'Executive Compensation' on pages 10 through  15
of  the Proxy  Statement to be  filed pursuant  to Regulation 14A  no later than
March 31, 1996.
 
ITEM 12 -- SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
     For information  with  respect to  beneficial  ownership of  the  Company's
voting  securities, and rights thereto, reference is made to the information set
forth under the captions 'Ownership of Securities by Directors and Officers' and
'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners' on pages 7 and 8 of the  Proxy
Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than March 31, 1996.
 
ITEM 13 -- CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
(a) Transactions with Management and Others
 
     Reference   is  made  to  the  information  set  forth  under  the  caption
'Compensation of  Directors' on  page 10  of  the Proxy  Statement to  be  filed
pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than March 31, 1996.
 
(b) Certain Business Relationships
 
     Reference  is made to  the information set forth  under the captions 'Other
Transactions' on  page  9 and  'Compensation  Committee Interlocks  and  Insider
Participation'  on  page 15  of  the Proxy  Statement  to be  filed  pursuant to
Regulation 14A no later than March 31, 1996.
 
                                       13
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14 -- EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
     (a) 1 and 2 -- The  response to this portion of  Item 14 is submitted as  a
separate section of this report.
 
     (a) 3 -- Exhibits:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
  NO.
- -------
<C>       <S>
    3(i)  -- Restated Certificate of Incorporation.(1)
    3(ii) -- By-laws, as amended.(1)
    4     -- Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures.
             (i)  --  Rights Agreement  dated as  of March  2, 1995,  between Witco  Corporation and  First
                      Chicago Trust Company of New York.(2)
             (iii) -- Pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(4)(iii), no debt or other security instrument
                      represents  10%  of  the  total  assets  of  the  Registrant,  and  accordingly  such
                      instruments  are not filed herewith. Registrant agrees  to furnish a copy of any such
                      agreement to the Commission upon request.
   10     -- Material Contracts.
             (i)   -- 1.  Agreement  and  Plan   of   Merger  dated  as of September 10, 1995, among  Witco
                      Corporation, Witsel Corporation and OSi Specialties Holding Company.(3)
                   -- 2. Amendment dated as of October 18, 1995, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger  dated
                         as of September 10, 1995, among  Witco Corporation,  Witsel  Corporation  and  OSi
                         Specialties Holding Company.(4)
             (iii)(A) -- Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements Required to be Filed:
                      -- 1. 1986 Stock Option Plan for Employees, as amended.(5)
                      -- 2. 1989 Stock Option Plan for Employees.(6)
                      -- 3. 1992 Stock Option Plan for Employees.(7)
                      -- 4. Consultancy Agreement Between the Company and William Wishnick.(8)
                      -- 5. Witco Corporation 1994 Deferred Compensation Plan.(9)
                      -- 6. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of  Witco  Corporation  as  amended  and
                            restated effective December 5, 1995.
   11     -- Statement re Computation of Per Share Earnings.
   21     -- Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
   23     -- Consent of Independent Auditors.
   24     -- Power of Attorney.(10)
   27     -- Financial Data Schedule.
</TABLE>
 
     (b) Reports on Form 8-K.
 
          (i)  A report  on Form  8-K dated  October 31,  1995, as  amended by a
     report on Form 8-K/A dated December 20, 1995, was filed during the  quarter
     ended December 31, 1995, responding to Items 2 and 5 in connection with the
     Company's completion of the acquisition of OSi Specialties Holding Company.
 
          (ii)  A report on Form  8-K dated December 20,  1995, was filed during
     the quarter  ended December  31,  1995, responding  to  Item 7  filing  the
     historical  and pro forma  financial statements required by  that Item as a
     result of the Company's acquisition of OSi Specialties Holding Company.
 
     (c) The Exhibits  filed with  this report are  listed in  response to  Item
14(a)3.
 
     (d)  The response  to this portion  of Item  14 is submitted  as a separate
section of this report.
 
- ------------
 
 (1) This Exhibit was  included as an  exhibit to the  quarterly report on  Form
     10-Q  for the  quarter ended  March 31,  1994, and  such Exhibit  is hereby
     incorporated by reference.
 
                                              (footnotes continued on next page)
 
                                       14
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

(footnotes continued from previous page)
 
 (2) This Exhibit was included  as an exhibit to  the Registration Statement  on
     Form 8A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 1995,
     and such Exhibit is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 (3) This  Exhibit  was included  as Exhibit  2(a)  to Form  8-K filed  with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25, 1995, and such  Exhibit
     is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 (4) This  Exhibit  was included  as Exhibit  2(c)  to Form  8-K filed  with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 1995, and such Exhibit is
     hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 (5) The 1986 Stock  Option Plan, as  amended, was  filed as an  Exhibit to  the
     Registration   Statement  on   Form  S-8,   registration  number  33-10715,
     Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form  S-8 effective October 3, 1988,  and
     Post-Effective  Amendment No. 2  to Form S-8 effective  June 23, 1992. Such
     Exhibit is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 (6) The 1989 Stock  Option Plan  was filed as  an Exhibit  to the  Registration
     Statement  on Form S-8,  registration number 33-30995  effective October 2,
     1989, and Post-Effective  Amendment No. 1  to Form S-8  effective June  23,
     1992, and such Exhibit is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 (7) The  1992 Stock  Option Plan  was filed as  an Exhibit  to the Registration
     Statement on Form  S-8, registration  number 33-48806,  effective June  23,
     1992, and such Exhibit is hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 (8) This  Exhibit was included as an exhibit  to the annual report on Form 10-K
     for the fiscal  year ended December  31, 1992, and  such Exhibit is  hereby
     incorporated by reference.
 
 (9) This  Exhibit was included as an exhibit  to the annual report on Form 10-K
     for the fiscal  year ended December  31, 1994, and  such Exhibit is  hereby
     incorporated by reference.
 
(10) The Power of Attorney appears on the Signature Page.
 
                                       15

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES
 
     Pursuant  to  the requirements  of Section  13 or  15(d) of  the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by  the undersigned,  thereunto duly authorized  on the  20th day  of
March, 1996.
 
                                          WITCO CORPORATION
 
                                          By /s/        WILLIAM R. TOLLER
                                             ...................................
                                                     WILLIAM R. TOLLER
                                                 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND
                                                  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY
 
     KNOW  ALL MEN BY  THESE PRESENTS, that each  person whose signature appears
below constitutes and appoints WILLIAM R. TOLLER, WILLIAM E. MAHONEY, MICHAEL D.
FULLWOOD,  OR  DUSTAN  E.   MCCOY,  acting  severally,   his  true  and   lawful
attorney-in-fact  and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any
or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with
all exhibits  thereto, and  other documents  in connection  therewith, with  the
Securities  and  Exchange Commission,  granting  unto said  attorney-in-fact and
agent full power and authority  to do and perform each  and every act and  thing
requisite  and necessary to be  done in and about the  premises, as fully to all
intents and purposes as  he might or  could do in  person, hereby ratifying  and
confirming  all  that  said attorney-in-fact  and  agent, or  his  substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934,  this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   NAME                                        TITLE                              DATE
- ------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------   -------------------
<C>                                         <S>                                            <C>
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICERS:
 
          /s/ WILLIAM R. TOLLER              Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive       March 20, 1996
 .........................................                     Officer
            WILLIAM R. TOLLER
 
          /s/ WILLIAM E. MAHONEY             Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
            WILLIAM E. MAHONEY
 
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER:
 
         /s/ MICHAEL D. FULLWOOD            Executive Vice President and Chief Financial     March 20, 1996
 .........................................                     Officer
           MICHAEL D. FULLWOOD
 
DIRECTORS:
 
           /s/ WILLIAM J. ASHE                                Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
             WILLIAM J. ASHE
 
           /s/ SIMEON BRINBERG                                Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
             SIMEON BRINBERG
 
           /s/ WILLIAM G. BURNS                               Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
             WILLIAM G. BURNS
</TABLE>
 
                                       16
 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   NAME                                        TITLE                              DATE
- ------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------------   -------------------
<C>                                         <S>                                            <C>
           /s/ WILLIAM R. GRANT                               Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
             WILLIAM R. GRANT
 
          /s/ RICHARD M. HAYDEN                               Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
            RICHARD M. HAYDEN
 
            /s/ HARRY G. HOHN                                 Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
              HARRY G. HOHN
 
          /s/ WILLIAM E. MAHONEY                              Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
            WILLIAM E. MAHONEY
 
         /s/ L. JOHN POLITE, JR.                              Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
           L. JOHN POLITE, JR.
 
            /s/ DAN J. SAMUEL                                 Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
              DAN J. SAMUEL
 
          /s/ WILLIAM R. TOLLER                               Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
            WILLIAM R. TOLLER
 
           /s/ BRUCE F. WESSON                                Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
             BRUCE F. WESSON
 
           /s/ WILLIAM WISHNICK                               Director                       March 20, 1996
 .........................................
             WILLIAM WISHNICK
</TABLE>
 
                                       17


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE II
 
                   WITCO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                             (THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           COLUMN C
                                                                   ------------------------
                                                                                                             COLUMN E
                                                      COLUMN B            ADDITIONS                          --------
                                                     ----------    ------------------------                  BALANCE
                     COLUMN A                        BALANCE AT    CHARGED TO    CHARGED TO     COLUMN D      AT END
- --------------------------------------------------   BEGINNING     COSTS AND       OTHER       ----------       OF
                   DESCRIPTION                       OF PERIOD      EXPENSES      ACCOUNTS     DEDUCTIONS     PERIOD
- --------------------------------------------------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
 
<S>                                                  <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Year ended December 31, 1995:
     Valuation and qualifying accounts deducted
       from assets to which they apply:
          Allowances for doubtful
            receivables-trade.....................     $8,863        $2,615       $ (3,197)(a)   $1,177(b)    $7,104
                                                     ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
                                                     ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
 
Year ended December 31, 1994:
     Valuation and qualifying accounts deducted
       from assets to which they apply:
          Allowances for doubtful
            receivables-trade.....................     $6,821        $2,209       $    821       $  988(b)    $8,863
                                                     ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
                                                     ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
 
Year ended December 31, 1993:
     Valuation and qualifying accounts deducted
       from assets to which they apply:
          Allowances for doubtful
            receivables-trade.....................     $5,623        $2,652       $    427       $1,881(b)    $6,821
                                                     ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
                                                     ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    --------
</TABLE>
 
- ------------
 
Notes:
 
(a) Amount  principally consists of the allowance  for doubtful accounts of $2.2
    million from the Lubricants Group, which  is reflected on the balance  sheet
    as net assets of discontinued operations.
 
(b) Uncollectible receivables charged against the allowance provided.
 
                                      S-1

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(III)(A)-6
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                            EXHIBIT 10(iii)(A)-6
 
                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
                                       OF
                               WITCO CORPORATION
               AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE DECEMBER 5, 1995
 
                                    PREAMBLE
 
     Witco Corporation hereby establishes this Supplemental Executive Retirement
Plan of Witco Corporation (the 'Plan') effective January 1, 1994, as amended and
restated  effective December 5,  1995, in order to  provide benefits to selected
executives as provided herein.  The Plan is intended  to replace the  individual
agreements  established  between selected  key  employees and  Witco Corporation
which were designed to provide 'Additional Benefits' as such term is defined  in
such agreements.
 
     The  Plan is intended to  be an unfunded plan  maintained primarily for the
purpose of providing deferred compensation for  a select group of management  or
highly  compensated employees  as described  in Section  201(2) of  the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
 
                                   ARTICLE I
                                  DEFINITIONS
 
     1.1. 'Actuarial Equivalent' means an amount or benefit of equivalent  value
when calculated using the GAM 1988 Mortality Table and an interest rate equal to
the  average of the market rate for  10-year Treasury notes on the last business
day of the fourth, fifth, and sixth  months preceding the date on which  benefit
payments under the Plan commence.
 
     1.2.  'Affiliate'  means  (a)  any  corporation that  is  a  member  of the
'controlled group of corporations' that includes Witco, determined in accordance
with Code  Section  1563(a)  without  regard to  Code  Sections  1563(a)(4)  and
(e)(3)(C),  and  (b) any  organization  that is  part of  a  group of  trades or
businesses under common control  pursuant to Code  Section 414(b) that  includes
Witco.
 
     1.3.  'Beneficiary' means the beneficiary  or beneficiaries last designated
by the Participant in writing. In the absence of an effective designation or  if
the  final surviving designated beneficiary has predeceased the Participant, the
Beneficiary shall be the Participant's estate.  In the event the Participant  is
survived  by a  Beneficiary who  dies after payments  to him  have commenced but
before receiving all amounts due him under the Plan, any remaining amounts shall
be paid to  an alternate beneficiary  designated by the  Participant or, in  the
absence  of  an  alternate surviving  Beneficiary,  to  the estate  of  the last
surviving Beneficiary.
 
     1.4. 'Benefit Commencement  Date' means the  first day of  the month as  of
which benefits under the Plan first become payable to a Participant.
 
     1.5.  'Board of Directors'  means the board  of directors of  Witco and any
committee authorized by  such board to  act on  its behalf with  respect to  the
Plan.
 
     1.6. 'Cause' means (a) intentional and continued failure by the Participant
to  perform his duties for his Employer  (other than such failure resulting from
mental or physical  incapacity) or (b)  intentional misconduct including,  among
other things, theft, embezzlement, dishonesty, criminal conduct or disloyalty.
 
     1.7. 'Change in Control' shall be deemed to have occurred if:
 
          (a)  any  'person',  as such  term  is  used in  Sections  3(a)(9) and
     13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 'Exchange Act'), other
     than an Affiliate  or any employee  benefit plan sponsored  by Witco or  an
     Affiliate  becomes a 'beneficial owner', as such term is used in Rule 13d-3
     promulgated under the Exchange  Act, of 20% or  more of the 'Voting  Stock'
     (which  means the  capital stock  of any class  or classes  of Witco having
     general voting  power  under  ordinary circumstances,  in  the  absence  of
     contingencies, to elect the directors of such corporation) of Witco;
 
                                       1
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
          (b)  33 1/3% of  the Board of Directors  consists of individuals other
     than the  members  of  the Board  of  Directors  on January  1,  1994  (the
     'Incumbent  Directors');  provided,  however, that  any  person  becoming a
     director subsequent to such date whose election or nomination for  election
     was approved by two-thirds (but in no event less than two) of the directors
     who  at  the time  of such  election or  nomination comprise  the Incumbent
     Directors shall,  for purposes  of this  Plan, be  considered an  Incumbent
     Director;
 
          (c)   Witco  adopts  any   plan  of  liquidation   providing  for  the
     distribution of all or substantially all of its assets;
 
          (d) Witco combines with another company  (whether or not Witco is  the
     surviving   corporation)  and   immediately  after   the  combination,  the
     shareholders of  Witco immediately  prior to  the combination  (other  than
     shareholders  who, immediately prior to  the combination, were 'affiliates'
     of such  other  company, as  such  term is  defined  in the  rules  of  the
     Securities  and Exchange Commission)  do not beneficially  own, directly or
     indirectly, more than 20% of the Voting Stock of the combined company; or
 
          (e) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or
     a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, the  assets
     of Witco occurs.
 
     1.8. 'Code' means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
     1.9.   'Committee'  means  the   Organization  and  Compensation  Committee
appointed by the Board of Directors (excluding any members of such committee who
are current or former employees of Witco or an Affiliate).
 
     1.10. 'Disability'  means  total and  permanent  disability such  that  the
Participant is eligible to receive payments under the Witco Long-Term Disability
Plan.
 
     1.11. 'Employer' means Witco and any other Affiliate.
 
     1.12.  'Final  Average Compensation'  means  the 'Average  Annual Earnings'
received by a  Participant during  the periods specified  below. Average  Annual
Earnings  shall mean  the sum  of (a)  the Participant's  base salary  (prior to
reduction for any contributions that are determined on a salary reduction  basis
under  any plan  maintained by  Witco or  an Affiliate)  received during  the 36
complete months of employment (or, if shorter, the actual months of  employment)
with  an Employer preceding the Participant's termination of employment, divided
by 3, and (b) the average of  the highest three bonuses awarded under the  Witco
Corporation  Officers' Annual Incentive  Plan, the Management  Incentive Plan or
any other annual cash bonus plan of an Employer during the 60 complete months of
employment (or, if shorter,  the actual months of  employment) with an  Employer
preceding  the Participant's termination of  employment; provided, however, that
Earnings shall not include  salary or bonus awarded  by any company acquired  by
Witco  or an  Affiliate with  respect to any  period ending  on or  prior to the
acquisition date. For  purposes of  this definition,  a Participant'  employment
with an acquired Employer shall not be counted as 'months of employment'.
 
     1.13. 'Good Reason' means (a) following a Change in Control, the assignment
to  the Officer  of any  duties inconsistent  in any  material respect  with the
Officer's position  or any  other action  by  his Employer  which results  in  a
material  diminution  or  material  adverse  change  in  his  position,  status,
authority, duties  or responsibilities  as in  effect immediately  prior to  the
Change  in Control,  excluding for this  purpose an  isolated, insubstantial and
inadvertent action not taken in bad  faith and which is remedied promptly  after
receipt  of notice thereof given by the Officer; (b) a material reduction in the
Officer's compensation as in effect immediately  prior to the Change in  Control
without  his express  written consent;  or (c)  the relocation  of the Officer's
office (other than a relocation to Greenwich, Connecticut) in excess of 25 miles
from the location where the Officer was based prior to the Change in Control  or
a  requirement that the Officer travel on  business of his Employer to an extent
materially greater than his business travel  obligations prior to the Change  in
Control.
 
     1.14.  'Normal Retirement Date' means the first day of the month coinciding
with or next following the Participant's 65th birthday.
 
     1.15. 'Normal Supplemental Retirement  Benefit' means the benefit  computed
in accordance with Section 3.1.
 
                                       2
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
     1.16.  'Officer' means  an employee  of an  Employer who  is elected  as an
officer by the Board of Directors.
 
     1.17. 'Participant' means an  Officer of an Employer  who is designated  by
the Board of Directors as a Participant under the Plan.
 
     1.18.  'Plan'  means the  Supplemental Executive  Retirement Plan  of Witco
Corporation as set forth  in this document,  as it may be  amended from time  to
time.
 
     1.19.  'Retirement Plan' means the Witco  Corporation Retirement Plan as it
may be amended from time to time.
 
     1.20. 'Social Security  Primary Benefit' means  the annual primary  old-age
insurance  benefit which the Participant would  be entitled to receive under the
Social Security  Act  as  defined  in  the  Retirement  Plan.  For  purposes  of
determining  a Normal Supplemental Retirement  Benefit under Section 3.3, Social
Security Primary Benefit shall mean  the Participant's disability benefit  which
he is entitled to receive under the Social Security Act.
 
     1.21. 'Witco' means Witco Corporation or any successor thereto.
 
     The  masculine pronoun,  wherever used  herein, shall  include the feminine
pronoun, unless the context clearly indicates a different meaning.
 
                                   ARTICLE II
                                 PARTICIPATION
 
     2.1. Initial  Participation.    The  Board  of  Directors  shall  designate
specified  Officers to  be Participants in  the Plan. In  determining whether an
Officer shall  be  designated as  a  Participant,  the Board  of  Directors  may
consider  the nature of the services  rendered by the Officer, his contributions
to the success  of the Employer,  his seniority, remuneration  and position  and
such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant.
 
     With  respect to the participation of Officers as of the Effective Date, an
Officer shall become a Participant if he  is designated as eligible to become  a
Participant pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors on October
17,  1993, and  if he had  a prior  individual agreement with  Witco designed to
provide the Officer with 'additional  benefits' as defined therein, the  Officer
agrees  in  writing  to  waive  all rights  under  such  agreement  in  a manner
prescribed by the Committee.
 
     2.2. Termination of Participation.  In  the event a Participant is  demoted
so  that  he ceases  to be  an  Officer but  he continues  in  the employ  of an
Employer, his benefit under the Plan shall  be frozen at the level in effect  as
of  the date  of his  change in  status and  he shall  only be  entitled to such
benefit if he  meets the  requirements of  Sections 3.1,  3.2, 3.3,  3.4 or  3.6
(other  than  the  requirement that  he  be an  active  Officer at  his  date of
retirement, Disability, termination of employment, or death).
 
                                  ARTICLE III
                                    BENEFITS
 
     3.1. Normal Supplemental Retirement Benefit.  Each Participant who  retires
from the employ of an Employer as an active Officer on or after attaining age 65
shall  be entitled to  receive a monthly  Normal Supplemental Retirement Benefit
commencing at his  Normal Retirement  Date equal  to one-twelfth  of the  annual
benefit which is equal to:
 
          (a) 50% of the Participant's Final Average Compensation; reduced by
 
          (b)  the sum of (1), (2) and (3) where (1), (2) and (3) are defined to
     mean:
 
             (1) any amount payable pursuant to the Retirement Plan;
 
             (2)  any  amount  payable  pursuant  to  the  Excess  Benefit   and
        Compensation Cap Plan of Witco Corporation; and
 
             (3)  an amount equal to 50% of his Social Security Primary Benefit.
        The Social  Security Primary  Benefit shall  be converted  to an  annual
        benefit and shall be adjusted to the amount that would be payable at age
        65 if his Social Security retirement age is greater than age 65.
 
                                       3
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
The  amounts determined under (b)(1) and (b)(2)  shall, in the case of a married
Participant, be  determined as  if they  were  to be  paid on  a 50%  joint  and
survivor basis; or, in the case of a single Participant or a married Participant
whose beneficiary is other than spouse, be determined as if they were to be paid
on a 10 year certain and life basis regardless of the actual form of payment.
 
     3.2.  Early  Retirement Benefit.   Each  Participant  who retires  from the
employ of an Employer as an active Officer  prior to attaining age 65 but on  or
after attaining age 62 shall be entitled to receive a monthly pension commencing
on  the first  day of the  month coinciding with  or next following  his date of
retirement equal to one-twelfth of the annual benefit which is equal to:
 
          (a) 50% of  the Participant's  Final Average  Compensation reduced  by
     5/9ths  of 1%  for each month  that the  Participant's Benefit Commencement
     Date precedes his Normal  Retirement Date; provided,  however, that at  the
     discretion of the Board of Directors, this reduction may be waived; reduced
     by
 
          (b)  the sum of (1), (2) and (3) where (1), (2) and (3) and defined to
     mean:
 
             (1) any amount payable  pursuant to the Retirement  Plan as of  his
        Benefit Commencement Date;
 
             (2)   any  amount  payable  pursuant  to  the  Excess  Benefit  and
        Compensation  Cap  Plan   of  Witco  Corporation   as  of  his   Benefit
        Commencement Date; and
 
             (3)  an amount equal to 50% of his Social Security Primary Benefit.
        The Social  Security Primary  Benefit shall  be converted  to an  annual
        benefit and shall be adjusted to the amount that would be payable at his
        Benefit Commencement Date.
 
The  amounts determined under (b)(1) and (b)(2)  shall, in the case of a married
Participant, be  determined as  if they  were  to be  paid on  a 50%  joint  and
survivor basis, or, in the case of a single Participant or a married Participant
whose beneficiary is other than spouse, be determined as if they were to be paid
on a 10 year certain and life basis regardless of the actual form of payment.
 
     3.2.A.  Recalculation of Benefit.  If, after a Participant retires, (i) the
Participant is  entitled to  a benefit  calculated pursuant  to Section  3.1  or
Section 3.2, (ii) the Participant is awarded a bonus under the Witco Corporation
Officers' Annual Incentive Plan (or under any other annual cash bonus plan of an
Employer)  with respect  to the  year in  which he  retires (a  'Retirement Year
Bonus'), and  (iii) the  Retirement Year  Bonus awarded  to the  Participant  is
greater  than one of the three bonuses  used in the calculation of Final Average
Compensation to determine the Participant's supplemental retirement benefit, the
Participant's  supplemental  retirement  benefit  shall  be  recalculated  under
Section  3.1 or 3.2, as applicable, in  the same manner as originally calculated
(and without regard to any  changed circumstances since the original  retirement
date)   except  that  Final  Average   Compensation  shall  be  redetermined  by
substituting the  lowest of  the 3  bonuses  used in  the calculation  of  Final
Average  Compensation  with  the  Retirement  Year  Bonus.  The  increase  in  a
Participant's supplemental  retirement  benefit effected  by  the  recalculation
shall  be made retroactive to the date  of the Participant's retirement, and the
excess of  the  Participant's recalculated  benefit  over the  benefit  actually
received by the Participant prior to the recalculation date shall be paid in one
lump sum as soon as practicable following the recalculation date.
 
     3.3. Disability Retirement Benefit.  Each Participant whose employment with
an  Employer is terminated  prior to his  Normal Retirement Date  as a result of
Disability shall  be  entitled to  receive  his Normal  Supplemental  Retirement
Benefit  determined  in  accordance  with the  formula  in  Section  3.1 payable
commencing on the first day of the  month coinciding with or next following  the
determination  that he  has incurred  a Disability;  provided, however,  that in
determining the reduction applicable under  Section 3.1(b), the reduction  shall
be determined as of the later of the date of the Participant's Disability or the
earliest  commencement date  of such  benefit under  the applicable  plan or the
Social Security Act.  In the  event that a  Participant's Disability  retirement
benefit  commences prior  to the date  a benefit can  be paid under  one of such
plans or the Social Security Act, the reduction shall only be applied to  reduce
his  benefit under this Plan when reducing  benefit is actually available to the
Participant. In addition,  a Participant's Disability  retirement benefit  under
this  Plan  shall be  reduced  by any  amounts  paid under  the  Witco Long-Term
Disability Plan.  In the  event  the Participant  recovers from  his  Disability
before  his Normal  Retirement Date  and does  not resume  participation in this
Plan,
 
                                       4
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
he shall only be entitled to a  termination benefit as described in Section  3.4
or,  if eligible at the  time of his Disability,  an early retirement benefit as
described in Section 3.2.
 
     3.4. Termination Benefit.   Except as  provided in this  Section 3.4,  each
Participant  whose  employment  with the  Employer  is terminated  prior  to his
attainment of age 62 other than as a result of Disability or death, shall not be
entitled to any benefits under this Article III; provided, however, that in  the
event  his employment is  terminated at the  option of his  Employer for reasons
other than Cause, the Board of Directors, in its absolute discretion, may decide
to  provide  him  with  his  Normal  Supplemental  Retirement  Benefit   payable
commencing on his Normal Retirement Date. In the event of the death prior to his
Benefit  Commencement Date of such a Participant  with respect to whom the Board
of Directors has decided  to provide a  Normal Supplemental Retirement  Benefit,
his Beneficiary shall be entitled to the death benefit described in Section 3.6.
 
     3.5.  Form of Pension Payments.  (a) The normal form of payment of benefits
payable under this Article III, shall be  a monthly pension equal to the  amount
determined  under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 or 3.4,  as the case may be, payable to
the Participant for life  with no further payments  due after the  Participant's
death.
 
     (b)  Alternatively, at any  time prior to his  Benefit Commencement Date, a
Participant may elect to receive his pension in one of the following forms:
 
          (1) Joint and Survivor Option -- a monthly pension equal to the amount
     determined under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 or 3.4, as the case may be, payable
     to the Participant  for life  with the provision  that after  his death,  a
     monthly  pension  shall continue  to his  surviving spouse  (to whom  he is
     married at his Benefit Commencement Date) for the remainder of the spouse's
     life  in  an  amount  equal  to  50%  of  the  Participant's  pension.  The
     Participant  may elect to receive the Actuarial Equivalent of the joint and
     50% survivor option payable as a joint and 75% or 100% survivor option,  in
     which  case 75% or 100%, respectively, of the Participant's pension will be
     continued to his surviving spouse for life.
 
          (2) 15-Year Certain and Life Option -- a monthly pension equal to  the
     amount  determined under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 or 3.4, as the case may be,
     payable to the Participant for life  or for 15 years, whichever is  longer.
     If  a Participant dies before the expiration of the 15-year period certain,
     payments shall  be  continued  to the  Participant's  Beneficiary  for  the
     remainder of such period or, in the absence of a surviving Beneficiary, the
     Actuarial  Equivalent of such payments  shall be paid in  a lump sum to the
     Participant's estate.
 
          (3) Cash  Refund Option  --  a monthly  pension  equal to  the  amount
     determined  under  Sections 3.1,  3.2, 3.3.  or  3.4, as  the case  may be,
     payable to the Participant for  life and, at his  death, any excess of  the
     Actuarial  Equivalent  value  of  the  pension  determined  at  his Benefit
     Commencement Date (on a 15-year certain and life basis) over the amount  of
     payments  actually  received  by him  shall  be paid  to  the Participant's
     Beneficiary in a single sum.
 
Each Participant shall elect a form of payment upon becoming a Participant. Such
election may be changed at any time prior to his Benefit Commencement Date.
 
     3.6. Death  Benefits.   In the  event of  the death  prior to  his  Benefit
Commencement  Date of a Participant (a) who is  an active Officer at the time of
his death, (b) who has ceased to be  a Participant as a result of a demotion  in
accordance  with Section 2.2 but who is  still employed by Witco or an Affiliate
at his date of death or (c) whose employment was terminated at the option of his
Employer and  the  Board of  Directors  elected to  provide  him with  a  Normal
Supplemental  Retirement Benefit in accordance with Section 3.4, his Beneficiary
shall receive a death benefit. Such death  benefit shall be equal to his  Normal
Supplemental Retirement Benefit payable commencing on the first day of the month
coinciding  with or  next following the  Participant's date  of death; provided,
however, that in determining the reduction applicable under Section 3.1(b),  the
reduction  shall be determined as of the  later of the date of the Participant's
death or the  earliest commencement date  of such benefit  under the  applicable
plan  or the Social  Security Act. In  the event that  a death benefit commences
hereunder prior to the date a benefit can be paid under one of such plans or the
Social Security Act, the reduction shall  only be applied to reduce his  benefit
under  this  Plan  when  the  reducing  benefit  is  actually  available  to the
Participant. Such  benefit  shall be  paid  in the  form  last selected  by  the
Participant prior to his death,
 
                                       5
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
i.e.,  (i)  as an  annuity  for the  life  of his  spouse  equal to  50%  of the
Participant's Normal Supplemental Retirement Benefit if he elected the joint and
survivor option, (ii) over 15 years if  he elected the 15-year certain and  life
option,  or (iii) in a lump sum that  is the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit
payable on a full cash refund basis if he elected the full cash refund option.
 
                                   ARTICLE IV
                        BENEFITS ON A CHANGE IN CONTROL
 
     4.1. Change in Control Benefit.  In addition to any other benefits  payable
hereunder,  in the event of the termination of a Participant's employment within
three years after a Change in Control, by an Employer (other than for Cause), or
by the Participant for Good Reason, the Participant shall be entitled to receive
an amount equal to  three times his average  annual total compensation  received
from  Witco or any Affiliate for the  five calendar years ending before the year
in which  the Change  in  Control occurs  (determined  in accordance  with  Code
Section  280G(b)) less one dollar.  Such benefit shall be paid  in a lump sum as
soon as practicable following the Participant's termination of employment.
 
     4.2. Limitation.   In addition to  the amount payable  pursuant to  Section
4.1, in the event that any payment received or to be received by the Participant
in  connection with a Change  in Control (whether pursuant  to the terms of this
Plan or any  other plan, arrangement  or agreement with  Witco or an  Affiliate)
would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999, the Participant
shall  be entitled to  receive an amount  equal to any  (a) excise tax liability
imposed by Code Section 4999 plus (b) Federal, state and local income taxes  and
additional  excise taxes imposed by Section 4999  of the Code on the Participant
(or his Beneficiary) as a  result of the payment of  the amounts in clauses  (a)
and (b) of this sentence.
 
                                   ARTICLE V
                                 ADMINISTRATION
 
     5.1. Administration.  The Plan shall be administered by the Committee which
may  employ  agents and  may  delegate any  of  its rights,  powers,  duties and
responsibilities with respect to the operation and administration of the Plan to
any other person (whether or not an employee of an Employer) or organization.
 
     5.2. Powers and Duties.  In addition to any implied powers and duties  that
may  be needed to carry out the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have
the following specific powers and duties:
 
          (a) to make and  enforce such rules and  regulations as it shall  deem
     necessary or proper for the efficient administration of the Plan;
 
          (b)  to interpret the Plan  and to decide any  and all matters arising
     under the  Plan,  including  the  right  to  remedy  possible  ambiguities,
     inconsistencies   or   omissions;   provided,   however,   that   all  such
     interpretations  and  decisions   shall  be  applied   in  a  uniform   and
     nondiscriminatory manner to all Officers similarly situated;
 
          (c)  to compute the  amount of benefits  that shall be  payable to any
     Participant or Beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of the Plan;
 
          (d) to authorize disbursements with respect  to the Plan on behalf  of
     Witco; and
 
          (e)  to allocate, from time to time, to one or more of its members any
     of its  rights, powers,  duties and  responsibilities with  respect to  the
     operation and administration of the Plan.
 
     5.3.  Benefit  Claim  Procedures.    Applications  for  benefits  shall  be
processed in the same manner as  applications for benefits under the  Retirement
Plan.
 
     5.4.  Member's Own Participation.  No member of the Committee may act, vote
or otherwise influence a decision of the Committee specifically relating to  his
participation under the Plan.
 
                                       6
 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE VI
                           AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION
 
     The  Board of Directors may, in its absolute discretion, without notice, at
any time and from time to time, modify or amend, in whole or in part, any or all
of the provisions of  the Plan, or suspend  or terminate it entirely,  provided,
that  no  such modification,  amendment,  suspension or  termination  may apply,
without his consent, to or affect the payment or distribution to any Participant
or adversely affect the right of any Participant to any benefits provided  under
the Plan as in effect as of the date on which he first became a Participant.
 
                                  ARTICLE VII
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
     7.1.  Funding.  Distributions under the Plan  shall be made solely from the
general assets of Witco. A Participant or Beneficiary shall have only the rights
of a general unsecured creditor  of Witco with respect  to any rights under  the
Plan.  Except as provided  in the next sentence,  no Participant, Beneficiary or
any other person shall have any interest in any fund or in any specific asset or
assets of Witco by reason of the right to receive a benefit under the Plan.  The
Board  of  Directors shall  establish  a trust  to  accumulate funds  to provide
benefits under the Plan. Such trust shall at all times be subject to the  claims
of  general creditors of Witco and shall  comply with such other requirements as
the Internal Revenue Service may require for so-called 'rabbi trusts'.
 
     Prior to a Change in Control, Witco may, but is not required to, contribute
cash or other property to the trust from time to time. Upon a Change in Control,
Witco or any successor corporation shall, as  soon as possible, but in no  event
later  than  30  days  following  the  Change  in  Control  make  an irrevocable
contribution to the trust in an amount sufficient to pay each Participant or, in
the event of the death of a Participant, his Beneficiary, the benefits to  which
he  would be  entitled as of  the date on  which the Change  in Control occurred
assuming termination of employment  on the date of  the Change in Control  under
circumstances that would entitle the Participant to benefits pursuant to Article
IV.
 
     7.2.  No  Guarantee  of  Employment.   The  Plan  shall  not  be  deemed to
constitute a  contract  between an  Employer  and any  Participant  or to  be  a
consideration for, or an inducement for, the employment of any Participant by an
Employer.  Nothing contained in the Plan shall be deemed to give any Participant
the right to be retained in the service of an Employer or to interfere with  the
right  of  the  Employer  to  discharge  or  to  terminate  the  service  of any
Participant at  any  time  without  regard  to  the  effect  such  discharge  or
termination may have on any rights under the Plan.
 
     7.3.  Payments to Minors and Incompetents.  If a person entitled to receive
any payments under  the Plan  is a minor  or is  deemed by the  Committee or  is
adjudged  to be legally incapable of giving valid receipt and discharge for such
payments, the Committee may direct payments to the legal representative of  such
person,  or if none, to a person designated  by the Committee for the benefit of
such person, or  the Committee  may direct application  of the  payment for  the
benefit of such person in such manner as the Committee considers advisable. Such
payment  shall,  to the  extent  made, be  deemed  a complete  discharge  of any
liability for such payment under the Plan.
 
     7.4. Nonalienation  of  Benefits.   To  the  extent permitted  by  law,  no
benefits  payable under the Plan will be  subject in any manner to anticipation,
assignment, garnishment  or  pledge;  and any  attempt  to  anticipate,  assign,
garnish  or pledge the same will be void; no such benefits will be in any manner
liable for or  subject to the  debts, liabilities, engagements  or torts of  any
person entitled to receive such benefits.
 
     7.5.  Applicable  Laws; Severability.   This  document shall  be construed,
administered and governed in all  respects under and by  the laws of the  United
States  and, to the extent applicable, under and by the laws of the State of New
York. If any provision of this document shall be held by a court or governmental
agency of competent jurisdiction to  be invalid or unenforceable, the  remaining
provisions of this document shall continue to be fully effective.
 
                                       7

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 11
 
                   WITCO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
                       COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                  -------------------------------
                                                                                    1995        1994       1993
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
 
<S>                                                                               <C>         <C>         <C>
Primary
     Income from continuing operations.........................................   $100,346    $ 94,420    $25,132
     Interest on convertible subordinated debentures (net of tax)..............      --          1,109      5,363
     Adjustment for dividend requirements of preferred stock...................        (19)        (20)       (24)
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                   100,327      95,509     30,471
     Income (loss) from discontinued operations -- net of income taxes.........      4,099      12,647     (5,369)
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
          Total................................................................   $104,426    $108,156    $25,102
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
     Weighted average shares outstanding.......................................     56,312      54,812     49,055
     Assumed conversions:
       Convertible subordinated debentures.....................................      --          1,266      5,500
       Stock options...........................................................        237         300        311
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
          Total................................................................     56,549      56,378     54,866
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
     Net Income Per Common Share:
       Income from continuing operations.......................................   $   1.78    $   1.70    $  0.56
       Income (loss) from discontinued operations -- net of income taxes.......       0.07        0.22      (0.10)
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
       Net income..............................................................   $   1.85    $   1.92    $  0.46
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
 
Fully Diluted
     Income from continuing operations.........................................   $100,346    $ 94,420    $25,132
     Interest on dilutive debentures (net of tax)..............................      --          1,109      5,366
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                   100,346      95,529     30,498
     Income (loss) from discontinued operations -- net of income taxes.........      4,099      12,647     (5,369)
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
          Total................................................................   $104,445    $108,176    $25,129
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
     Weighted average shares outstanding.......................................     56,312      54,812     49,055
     Assumed conversions:
       Convertible subordinated debentures.....................................      --          1,266      5,519
       Stock options...........................................................        237         300        465
       Preferred stock.........................................................        117         129        149
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
          Total................................................................     56,666      56,507     55,188
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
     Net Income Per Common Share:
       Income from continuing operations.......................................      $1.77       $1.69     $ 0.56
       Income (loss) from discontinued operations -- net of income taxes.......       0.07        0.22      (0.10)
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
       Net income..............................................................      $1.84       $1.91      $0.46
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
                                                                                  --------    --------    -------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>


<PAGE>

                                     INDEX
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
         ITEM 6, ITEM 7, ITEM 8, ITEM 14(A)(1) AND (2), AND ITEM 14(D)
                               DECEMBER 31, 1995
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          PAGE NO.
                                                                                                          --------
 
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
ITEM 6 -- SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA......................................................................        1
 
ITEM 7 -- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS........        3
 
ITEM 8 -- FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA -- SEE ITEM 14(A)(1) AND (2) BELOW.
</TABLE>
 
ITEM 14(A)(1) AND (2) AND ITEM 14(D)
 
     The  following consolidated  financial statements of  Witco Corporation and
subsidiary companies, for the year ended December 31, 1995, are included in Item
8:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          PAGE NO.
                                                                                                          --------
 
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
     Report of Independent Auditors....................................................................      F-1
     Consolidated Balance Sheets -- December 31, 1995 and 1994.........................................      F-2
     Consolidated Statements of Income -- Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.................      F-3
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -- Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.............      F-4
     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity -- Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993...      F-5
     Notes to Financial Statements.....................................................................      F-6
     Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)..............................................................     F-20
</TABLE>
 
     The  following  consolidated   financial  statement   schedules  of   Witco
Corporation and subsidiary companies are included in Part IV, Item 14(d):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          PAGE NO.
                                                                                                          --------
 
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
     Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts..................................................      S-1
</TABLE>
 
     All  other schedules (Nos. I, III, IV and V) for which provision is made in
the applicable accounting regulation of  the Securities and Exchange  Commission
are  not  required  under  the related  instructions  or  are  inapplicable, and
therefore have been omitted.
 
     Financial statements (and summarized financial information) of 50% or  less
owned  persons accounted for by the equity method have been omitted because they
do not, considered individually  or in the  aggregate, constitute a  significant
subsidiary.


<PAGE>

<PAGE>

Eleven-Year Financial and Statistical Summary

Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
==========================================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars except per share data)                                    1995                1994           1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
<S>                                                                        <C>                 <C>             <C>
Selected Statement of Income Data(e)
Net sales                                                                  $ 1,985,077         $ 1,841,414     $ 1,763,086
Interest                                                                        15,104              10,032           8,679
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
      Total revenues                                                         2,000,181           1,851,446       1,771,765
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)              1,548,943           1,412,079       1,363,246
Selling and administrative expenses                                            199,452             185,576         181,173
Depreciation and amortization                                                  102,571              88,663          86,480
Interest                                                                        43,689              29,674          34,984
Other expense (income) - net                                                   (55,278)(a)(b)       (9,708)         64,585(c)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
      Total costs and expenses                                               1,839,377           1,706,284       1,730,468
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Income from continuing operations before federal and
  foreign income taxes                                                         160,804             145,162          41,297
Federal and foreign income taxes                                                60,458              50,742          16,165
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Income from continuing operations                                              100,346              94,420          25,132
Income (loss) from discontinued operations - net of income taxes                 4,099              12,647          (5,369)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Income before cumulative effect of accounting change                           104,445             107,067          19,763
Cumulative effect of accounting change                                               -                   -               -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Net Income                                                                 $   104,445         $   107,067     $    19,763
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Selected Balance Sheet Data
Working capital                                                            $   249,580         $   551,620     $   451,235
Current ratio                                                                     1.36                2.60            2.32
Property, plant, and equipment expenditures (including acquisitions)       $   343,030         $   107,438     $   103,689
Property, plant, and equipment - net                                       $   811,667         $   719,966     $   696,462
Total assets                                                               $ 2,772,444         $ 1,919,345     $ 1,838,998
Long-term debt                                                             $   683,830         $   346,545     $   496,266
Total shareholders' equity                                                 $ 1,004,117         $   940,006     $   713,415
Book value per common share                                                $     17.78         $     16.73     $     14.12
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------    -----------         -----------     -----------
Selected Other Financial Data
Number of shareholders - at year end                                             4,990               5,194           5,253
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
  (in thousands)                                                                56,549              56,378          54,866
Per common share:
  Income from continuing operations                                       $       1.78         $      1.70     $       .56
    Net income                                                            $       1.85         $      1.92     $       .46
  Net income - assuming full dilution                                     $       1.84         $      1.91     $       .46
  Dividends declared                                                      $       1.12         $      1.06     $       .96
Dividends paid per share:
  Common stock                                                            $       1.12         $      1.03     $       .94
  Preferred stock                                                         $       2.65         $      2.65     $      2.65
Market price to the nearest dollar, per common
  share on New York Stock Exchange (high-low)                             $      36-24         $     35-24     $     32-24
==========================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

(a)  Includes a provision of $51.9 million related to plant consolidation,
     environmental remediation and litigation.

(b)  Includes gains of $52.9 million as a result of settlements with certain of
     the Company's insurers, net of related legal and other costs and $51.2
     million from the disposition of businesses.

(c)  Includes a provision for environmental remediation and compliance,
     disposition of a business, work force reduction, and other matters of $68.9
     million.

(d)  Includes a provision for consolidation of offices of $20.1 million.

(e)  Amounts differ from previously reported amounts due to the presentation of
     the Lubricants Group as discontinued operations.

1

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
=====================================================================================================
    1992            1991        1990        1989         1988          1987        1986       1985
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
<S>              <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>       <C>
$ 1,342,012      $1,244,949  $1,228,837  $1,219,153  $ 1,220,246   $ 1,050,643   $965,901  $1,010,289
      9,303          10,529      19,380      21,248       15,792        12,405      6,595       3,369
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
  1,351,315       1,255,478   1,248,217   1,240,401    1,236,038     1,063,048    972,496   1,013,658
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
  1,055,047         979,902     973,906     962,314      954,669       818,918    747,971     811,058
    139,438         135,373     126,297     127,985      129,053       115,750    116,499     107,796
     61,130          53,681      47,155      44,871       42,064        41,868     42,779      41,183
     16,448          16,027      16,400      16,289       16,394        15,732     12,045      11,343
     20,734(d)       (1,665)     (8,989)     53,666       11,196           116       (786)     (6,613)
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
  1,292,797       1,183,318   1,154,769   1,205,125    1,153,376       992,384    918,508     964,767
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------

     58,518          72,160      93,448      35,276       82,662        70,664     53,988      48,891
     20,178          23,492      33,626      11,900       32,554        26,652     24,478      21,357
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
     38,340          48,668      59,822      23,376       50,108        44,012     29,510      27,534
     15,525          24,807       8,132      11,633       21,513        19,281     35,705      29,240
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
     53,865          73,475      67,954      35,009       71,621        63,293     65,215      56,774
    (14,690)              -           -           -       20,289             -          -           -
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
$    39,175      $   73,475  $   67,954  $   35,009  $    91,910   $    63,293   $ 65,215  $   56,774
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------

$   (21,611)     $  320,934  $  359,091  $  456,183  $   439,250   $   417,332   $246,661  $  233,554
        .97            2.25        2.76        3.54         3.24          3.06       2.49        2.34
$   322,786      $   74,307  $  106,650  $   70,387  $    79,509   $    82,090   $ 60,102  $   75,606
$   721,171      $  474,755  $  471,026  $  417,175  $   400,996   $   374,628   $367,789  $  360,950
$ 1,811,794      $1,198,276  $1,178,885  $1,139,256  $ 1,114,575   $ 1,056,298   $819,768  $  810,292
$   173,086      $  179,132  $  230,183  $  235,510  $   240,709   $   242,641   $ 95,590  $  136,020
$   614,296      $  625,700  $  587,472  $  571,582  $   578,341   $   513,615   $465,465  $  415,410
$     13.80      $    14.35  $    13.55  $    12.67  $     12.89   $     11.47   $  10.43  $     9.39
- -----------      ----------  ----------  ----------  -----------   -----------   --------  ----------
      5,262           5,602       5,949       5,635        5,784         5,823      5,965       6,228

     49,801          49,212      49,703      50,674       50,499        49,477     44,538      44,267

$       .88      $     1.10  $     1.32  $      .57  $      1.10   $       .97   $    .67  $      .62
$       .90      $     1.60  $     1.48  $      .80  $      1.93   $      1.36   $   1.47  $     1.28
$       .89      $     1.59  $     1.47  $      .79  $      1.91   $      1.35   $   1.44  $     1.26
$       .92      $      .91  $      .86  $      .84  $       .73   $       .60   $    .55  $      .50

$       .92      $      .89  $      .86  $      .81  $       .70   $       .58   $    .53  $      .50
$      2.65      $     2.65  $     2.65  $     2.65  $      2.65   $      2.65   $   2.65  $     2.65

$     25-20      $    22-14   $   20-11  $    23-17  $     19-15   $     24-13   $  20-13  $    14-11
=====================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                                                               2

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

Liquidity and Financial Resources

Liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to satisfy
the financial needs of an enterprise. Cash flow from operations, a major source
of the Company's liquidity, provided funds of $454.1 million over the past three
years. The generation of cash through operations during this time period was
sufficient to fund working capital requirements, support the Company's internal
capital investment program, and sustain an increasing amount of dividends paid
to shareholders. Additional details regarding operating, investing, and
financing activities can be found in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
It is the Company's belief that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to
fund, for the foreseeable future, capital investments, dividend payments,
commitments on environmental remediation projects, and operating requirements.

During the fourth quarter of 1995, the Company acquired OSi Specialties Holding
Company and its wholly owned subsidiary OSi Specialties, Inc. (collectively "OSi
Specialties," or "OSi") in a cash transaction for $486 million. The acquisition
was financed with cash on hand and short-term bank loans of $375 million under a
credit agreement totaling $675 million with a consortium of banks.

The Company subsequently purchased for cash all of OSi's 11.50% Senior Secured
Discount Debentures due 2004 for $137.6 million and more than 99% of OSi
Specialties' 9.25% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2003 for $140.1 million. The
Company funded the redemption with short-term bank loans under the $675 million
credit agreement.


The Company had $605 million of bank loans outstanding under the credit
agreement as of December 31, 1995. In February 1996, the Company issued $150
million of 6.125% Notes due 2006 and $150 million of 6.875% Debentures due 2026,
netting approximately $297 million. The net proceeds, plus cash on hand, were
used to repay $300 million of short-term bank loans under the credit agreement.
Immediately thereafter, the availability under the credit agreement, as amended,
was reduced to $375 million. The Company plans to repay the remaining $305
million with proceeds from the sale of the Lubricants Group, cash flow from
operations or additional long-term financing.

As the Company continues to focus on global expansion, it has, through certain
of its international subsidiaries, arrangements with various banks for lines of
credit. At December 31, 1995, these lines of credit aggregated $50.9 million, of
which $47.1 million was unused at year-end. The Company has also entered into
certain long-term hedging arrangements to protect against possible adverse
currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations (see Note 13 of Notes to
Financial Statements for additional details).


Further progress has been made in divesting non-core businesses. The Company
completed the divestiture of its Diversified Products Segment during the second
quarter of 1995 with the sale of its Battery Parts and Carbon Black operations
in March and June, respectively, for approximately $146 million in cash.


Currently, the Company's primary international operations are based in Western
Europe and Canada. Although there are certain risks inherent in carrying on
international business, including currency devaluations and controls, export and
import restrictions, inflationary factors, product supply, economic controls,
and nationalization and appropriation, the Company does not believe these
factors will significantly affect its operations.

The Company periodically evaluates, and periodically reviews with the Finance
Committee of the Board of Directors, its liquidity requirements, capital needs,
and availability of external funds. As a result of this process, the Company
has in the past and may in the future seek to restructure indebtedness, raise
additional capital, or take such other steps to increase or manage its
liquidity and financial resources.

Capital Investments and Commitments


In 1995, the Company continued to upgrade existing facilities and to expand
capacity to meet changing market demands. Total capital expenditures for 1995
were $115.8 million. Capital expenditures related to continuing operations were
$98.3 million, bringing the total for the past three years to $276 million. The
capital investment program in 1996 will continue to focus on capacity expansion
and market share growth and is expected to exceed 1995 levels. Investments in
the form of research and development, quality initiatives, and marketing
alliances will also continue in all key product lines.


The acquisition of OSi not only adds strategic research and development
capabilities along with a full line of silicone surfactants, amine catalysts,
organofunctional silanes and specialty fluids, but provides the base for
acceleration of growth of the Company's existing

                                                                               3

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

products in Asia, South America and Eastern Europe. During 1996, the Company
will be committed to the successful integration of this acquisition.

The Company is committed to developing business opportunities in Asia and is
currently focusing on both the immediate and longer term actions that are
necessary to expand and leverage new and existing business in this region of the
world. The strategy includes both capital investment and new marketing
initiatives. In early 1996, the Company acquired a resins manufacturing plant in
Singapore. The Company presently anticipates that additional capital investments
may be in the form of joint ventures. For non-capital initiatives, cooperative
marketing and technical agreements will be pursued.

In addition, to effectively service the expanding customer base in Asia, the
Company plans on establishing a local technical support center. This service
center will house lab personnel and technical service representatives whose
function will be to address the specific needs of customers in that part of the
world.

The evaluation and development of specific businesses or opportunities will take
place throughout 1996 with the focus on: surfactants for agriculture, personal
care, and laundry products; polyurethane systems for footwear manufacturers; and
lubricants for plastics including polyethylene, polypropylene, and film.

Environmental Matters

The Company operates in an industry subject to extensive regulations related to
the protection of the environment and the health and safety of employees and
others. Domestic operations are subject to a myriad of environmental statutes
and regulations at the federal, state, and local levels. The Company's
international production facilities operate in an environmental regulatory
framework in which governmental authorities typically are granted broad
discretionary powers which require manufacturing facilities to obtain operating
permits to continue operations.

The Company believes that expenditures for compliance with these statutes,
regulations, and permits will continue to have a significant impact upon the
conduct of its business. The trend toward greater environmental awareness and
more stringent environmental regulations is likely to continue, and while the
Company cannot accurately predict how this will affect future operations and
earnings, the Company does not believe its costs will significantly vary from
those of its competitors.

Consistent with the Company's concern for the protection and improvement of the
environment worldwide, the Company continually monitors the environmental impact
of past and present operating practices in light of changing environmental
standards. Where remedial action is indicated, the Company assesses the
probability and scope of potential remediation costs. To determine the
appropriate reserve amounts, management reviews on a quarterly basis, currently
available information pertaining to each environmental site. Inherent in this
process are considerable uncertainties which affect the Company's ability to
estimate the ultimate costs of remediation. Such uncertainties include the
nature and extent of contamination at each site, evolving governmental standards
regarding remediation requirements, changes in environmental regulations, widely
varying costs of alternative cleanup methods, the number and financial condition
of other potentially responsible parties at multi-party sites, innovations in
remediation and restoration technology, and the identification of additional
environmental sites. As a result, as remediation efforts proceed at existing
sites and new sites are assimilated into the review process, charges against
income for environmental reserves could have a material effect on results of
operations in a particular quarter or year. However, such charges are not
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial position, cash flow, or liquidity.

The Company has numerous insurance policies which it believes provide coverage
for certain environmental liabilities. The Company has settled litigation during
1995 with most of its insurers concerning the applicability and amount of
insurance coverage for environmental costs under these policies. The results of
continuing operations for 1995 include a pre-tax gain of $52.9 million, as a
result of settlements with certain of the Company's insurers, net of related
legal and other costs. Additional settlements are expected during 1996.


Environmental reserves related to continuing operations at December 31, 1995
amounted to $83.6 million, which reflects management's assessment of future
remediation costs in light of currently available information. Reme-diation
expenditures charged to those reserves were $13.7 million in 1995 and include
expenditures currently mandated as well as those not required by any regulatory
authority or third party. The Company anticipates 1996 expenditures to
approximate $24 million.

Capital expenditures for air, water, and solid waste control equipment and
facilities related to continuing operations amounted to $8.9 million in 1995.
The Company

4


<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

estimates that approximately $20 million will be expended on similar capital
projects in 1996.

The Company is continuing its efforts to reduce hazardous waste and emissions
generated by its operations. Through improved operating efficiencies,
installation of additional environmental control equipment, and utilization of
the latest innovations in waste treatment technology, management believes that
direct recurring operating costs associated with managing hazardous substances
and pollution can be maintained at current levels. Such costs related to
continuing operations amounted to $28.2 million in 1995.

Contingencies

The Company has been notified that it is a potentially responsible party ("PRP")
or a defendant in a number of governmental (federal, state, and local) and
private actions associated with the release, or suspected release, of
contaminants into the environment. As a PRP, the Company may be liable for costs
associated with the investigation and remediation of environmental
contamination, as well as various penalties, and damages to persons, property,
and natural resources.

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings or environmental matters
which it believes will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated
financial position. It is possible, however, that future results of operations
for any particular quarterly or annual period, could be materially affected by
such legal proceedings or environmental matters. However, the Company does not
expect the results of such proceedings or environmental matters to materially
affect its competitive position.

Discontinued Operations

On September 11, 1995, the Company announced its intention to divest its
Lubricants Group (see Note 16 of Notes to Financial Statements).

Results of Continuing Operations

The Company reported income from continuing operations in 1995 of $100.3 million
compared to $94.4 million in 1994 and $25.1 million in 1993. The three year
period included several non-recurring items which affect comparison. The
following table shows the effect of these non-recurring items on earnings. The
pre-tax amounts of these items were included in the "Other expense (income) -
net" caption of the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Included in 1995 income from continuing operations were $34.4 million of
settlements, net of legal and other costs, with certain of the Company's
insurance carriers arising out of litigation concerning coverage for certain
environmental expenditures. A $22 million provision for consolidation of plants,
which will enable the Company to serve its customers more effectively at larger
and more effi-cient facilities, was also recorded in 1995. Additionally, a $9
million provision for environmental remediation and compliance, which reflects
the Company's assessment of its costs to comply with regulatory requirements and
standards, was recorded in the current year. A provision for litigation of $2.8
million was also included in 1995 results. In 1995, the Company completed the
divestiture of its Diversified Products Segment and recorded a $33.3 million
gain on the disposition of the Carbon Black and Battery Parts businesses.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
====================================================================================================================================
(millions of dollars except per share data)                  1995                       1994                       1993
- --------------------------------------------------  -------------------------  -------------------------  --------------------------
                                                    Pre-Tax          Income    Pre-Tax          Income    Pre-Tax          Income
                                                    Income  Income  Per Share  Income  Income  Per Share  Income  Income  Per Share
- --------------------------------------------------  ------  ------  ---------  ------  ------  ---------  ------  ------  ----------
<S>                                                 <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>     <C>
Continuing operations excluding
  non-recurring items                               $108.6  $66.4   $1.19      $140.4  $91.3   $1.64      $110.6  $70.1   $1.37
Settlements with certain of the Company's
    insurers                                          52.9   34.4     .60           -      -       -           -      -       -
Provision for plant consolidation                    (33.8) (22.0)   (.39)          -      -       -           -      -       -
Provision for environmental remediation
  and compliance                                     (13.8)  (9.0)   (.16)          -      -       -       (29.1) (18.9)   (.34)
Provision for litigation                              (4.3)  (2.8)   (.05)          -      -       -           -      -       -
Provision for disposition of a business                  -      -       -           -      -       -       (19.2) (12.4)   (.23)
Provision for work force reduction                       -      -       -           -      -       -       (12.2)  (7.9)   (.14)
Gain on disposition of operations
   of subsidiaries                                    51.2   33.3     .59         4.8    3.1     .06         8.8    5.7     .11
Provision for loss on sublease of office facilities      -      -       -           -      -       -        (9.2)  (6.1)   (.11)
Other - net                                              -      -       -           -      -       -        (8.4)  (5.4)   (.10)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Continuing operations                               $160.8 $100.3   $1.78       $145.2 $94.4   $1.70       $41.3  $25.1   $ .56
====================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>



                                                                               5

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

Income from continuing operations for 1994 included a $3.1 million gain on the
disposition of the Allied-Kelite operations.


Income from continuing operations for 1993 included an $18.9 million
environmental provision for remediation and compliance costs the Company
expected to incur to comply with regulatory requirements and standards.
Following its strategy to emphasize core businesses and divest itself of others,
the Company recorded a provision of $12.4 million in 1993 for the planned
divestiture of the Battery Parts business. Additionally, the Company established
a $7.9 million provision for a reduction in its worldwide workforce to further
realign and reorganize operations. Pursuing its divestiture strategy, the
Company sold the operations of its Chemprene subsidiary in 1993 for a gain of
$5.7 million. A loss of $6.1 million, attributable to an agreement to sublease
two office facilities resulting from the Company's commitment to relocate to a
new world headquarters, was also recorded in 1993.

1995 vs. 1994

Consolidated 1995 net sales from continuing operations rose $143.7 million or 8
percent compared to 1994 levels. The inclusion of OSi's fourth quarter sales of
$101.3 million offset an $80.6 million decline in sales resulting from the
disposition of the Diversified Products Segment. Of the remaining increase, 55
percent was attributed to higher sales prices and product mix and 40 percent to
favorable currency exchange rates, while 5 percent resulted from increased
volume.


Income from continuing operations, excluding non-recurring charges and gains,
was $66.4 million in 1995, compared to $91.3 million in 1994. Although
contributing $7.4 million to operating income, OSi, acquired in the fourth
quarter of 1995, generated a loss of $3.6 million, net of an income tax benefit,
goodwill amortization, and associated financing costs. Excluding OSi
Specialties' fourth quarter results, an overall erosion in gross profit margins
of 2 percent accounted for approximately 85 percent of the current year's
decline in income from continuing operations, excluding non-recurring items.
Each of the Company's segments reported 1995 earnings that were below 1994
levels, primarily as a result of the inability to fully recoup higher raw
material feedstock costs through increased sales prices. Also adversely
affecting 1995 results was a 2.6 percent increase in the effective tax rate
principally attributable to a greater proportion of earnings in higher tax
jurisdictions and an increase in non-deductible goodwill amortization. Adding to
earnings, interest income rose during 1995 as a result of higher interest rates
and the investment of additional funds generated from the sale of the
Diversified Products businesses. Remaining changes in income and expense
categories appearing on the Consolidated Statements of Income were primarily
attributable to the OSi Specialties acquisition.

Effective January 1, 1995, the Company changed its method of inventory valuation
under dollar value LIFO from LIFO double extension to LIFO link chain.
Management believes that the LIFO link chain method is preferable because it is
the predominate method used in the industry and will mitigate the dollar impact
of volume fluctuations on results of operations. It is not possible to determine
the effect of the change on retained earnings as of January 1, 1995 or on income
as previously reported for the years ended December 31, 1994 or 1993. This
change did not have a material effect on 1995 net income.

The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
Be Disposed Of," effective January 1, 1995. SFAS No. 121 requires impairment
losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of
impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated
by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amount. SFAS No. 121 also
addresses the accounting for long-lived assets that are expected to be disposed
of. The adoption of SFAS No. 121 did not have a material impact on the Company's
financial position or results of operations other than its effect on the
provision for plant consolidation (see Note 9 of Notes to Financial Statements).

Segment Information

The Company does not allocate income and expenses that are of a general
corporate nature to industry segments in computing operating income. These
include general corporate expenses, interest income and expense, and certain
other income and expenses not directly attributable to a specific segment.

The Petroleum Segment for all periods presented consists solely of the Petroleum
Specialties Group. This was a result of the Company's decision to sell the
Lubricants Group, the operating results of which have been recorded as
discontinued operations.

A comparison of operating income from continuing operations for 1995 and 1994 is
affected by the inclusion of non-recurring items in both periods. Operating
income from continuing operations, excluding non-recurring items, declined to
$161.9 million in 1995, from $178

6

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

million in 1994. The Company's international operations accounted for a 4
percent greater share of total net sales and operating income from continuing
operations, excluding non-recurring items, in 1995 than in 1994. These
operations accounted for 40 percent of net sales and 44 percent of operating
income from continuing operations, excluding non-recurring items, in 1995. The
acquisition of OSi Specialties and the disposition of the remaining Diversified
Products Segment's businesses had the effect of increasing the Company's
international operations' percentage share of total net sales, while decreasing
their share of operating income from continuing operations, excluding
non-recurring items.

Chemical Segment

Chemical Segment 1995 net sales of $1.4 billion were $105 million, or 8 percent,
over the prior year. Higher sales prices accounted for 60 percent of the
increase with the balance due to favorable currency translations, while volume
was unchanged. Although each of the segment's businesses reported unit sales
prices that surpassed 1994 levels, competitive pricing pressures precluded
increases sufficient to cover higher raw material feedstock costs.

The segment's 1995 operating income included a non-recurring $46 million charge
related to plant consolidation, environmental remediation and litigation.
Excluding this non-recurring charge, operating income of $107.4 million was
$14.7 million, or 12 percent, lower than 1994. Each of the segment's three
business groups reported comparable percentage declines in operating earnings.
The Oleo/Surfactants Group, the largest contributor to segment sales and
operating income, experienced a year in which product margins eroded as a result
of the inability to fully recover increased feedstock costs due to competitive
pricing restraints. This was most evident in the group's line of products that
reach the consumer market, where shipment volume was also down 12 percent from
the prior year. Additionally, the Oleo/Surfactants Group's 1995 earnings were
adversely affected by the need to purchase intermediate products as a result of
equipment renovations. The renovations have been completed and production
returned to normal levels during the fourth quarter. An increase in reserves for
insurance claims accounted for a substantial portion of the Polymer Additives
Group's decline in operating income. The group's earnings were also adversely
affected by a downturn in the housing and construction markets, and lower
product margins in specific lines of business. Shipment volume was down 4
percent in the Vinyl Business Unit, reflecting fewer housing and construction
starts. Tin stabilizer margins were off from the prior year due to higher raw
material costs, while the substitution of environmentally friendly barium and
zinc based stabilizers for those containing cadmium resulted in a further
erosion of margins. The shift was a result of a June 1994 decision to cease
domestic production of cadmium based stabilizers and exit the U.S. market. With
approximately 80 percent of the Resins Group's business originating in Europe,
the slowdown in the European economy experienced during the latter part of the
year had a great influence on the group's reported 1995 fourth quarter results.
The poor fourth quarter caused full year operating earnings to be below the
prior year. A decline in product margins also contributed to the lower earnings.
Each of the group's business units reported increases in raw material costs that
resulted in margins that were below the prior year. Additionally, increased
effluent control costs attributable to a shared, non-owned wastewater treating
plant in Germany adversely affected 1995 operating results.

OSi Specialties

The Company acquired OSi Specialties, a high margin leading global producer of
organofunctional silane and other specialty silicone derivative products, on
October 19, 1995. The newly acquired business, which traditionally experiences a
"soft" fourth quarter, added $101.3 million to sales and $7.4 million to
operating income, which included the amortization of intangibles generated by
the acquisition (see Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements for further
information on this acquisition).

Petroleum Segment

Net sales for the Petroleum Segment of $394.8 million in 1995 exceeded the
previous year by $19.2 million, or 5 percent. One-half of the increase in sales
was attributable to favorable currency rates of exchange, particularly against
the Dutch guilder, with the bulk of the balance resulting from higher sales
prices and product mix. Rising 1 percent, shipment volume was comparable with
the prior year.

Petroleum Segment operating income for 1995 was adversely affected by a charge
for plant consolidation and environmental remediation of $2.2 million. Operating
income, excluding this non-recurring charge, was $35.6 million, a decline of
$7.8 million compared to 1994. The segment was impacted by higher feedstock
costs throughout 1995 due to periodic shortages and market conditions. The
scarcity of key feedstocks created the need to purchase higher priced, sometimes
lower

                                                                               7

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

yield, alternatives and resulted in lost sales. Lower than anticipated
production volume, and additional costs attributable to the start-up of the
group's recently completed Extracted Sulfonic Acid Unit in the U.S. and Calcium
Sulfonates Plant in Holland, also adversely affected 1995 operating results.

Diversified Products Segment

The sale of the Carbon Black and Battery Parts businesses during the first half
of 1995 completed the divestiture of the Diversified Products Segment. Reported
segment operating earnings for 1995 and 1994 included gains of $51.2 million and
$4.8 million, respectively, attributable to the sale of the segment's
businesses.

1994 vs. 1993

Excluding non-recurring items, income from continuing operations totaled $91.3
million in 1994, compared to $70.1 million in 1993. Record sales, which were 4
percent above the previous year, and higher gross margins were responsible for
approximately 85 percent of the $21.2 million increase in income from continuing
operations, before non-recurring items. Despite the disposition of certain
operations in late 1993 and 1994, sales rose on the strength of a 7 percent
increase in shipment volume. Although increases in raw material feedstock costs
caused gross margins to deteriorate during the second half of 1994, cost saving
initiatives and lower feedstock costs earlier in the year enabled full year
margins to be 1 percent ahead of 1993. Chiefly the result of the Company's
redemption of its 5.50% Convertible Subordinated Debentures, lower net interest
costs also contributed to the higher income. A comparison of 1994 and 1993
selling and administrative expenses shows an increase of 2 percent, however,
through careful monitoring the Company was able to reduce these expenses as a
percentage of sales.


The Company's 1994 operating income of $182.8 million represents an increase of
$62.6 million over 1993. Comparison of these earnings for each of the Company's
industry segments is affected by non-recurring items. Exclusive of these items,
operating income rose to $178 million in 1994 from $159.7 million in 1993. The
contribution of the Company's international operations to net sales and
operating income, exclusive of non-recurring items, increased in 1994. Continued
emphasis on global growth and an overall improvement in the European economy led
to a change in geographic composition. International operations accounted for 36
percent of the Company's net sales in 1994 compared to 34 percent in 1993 and
its contribution to operating income, excluding non-recurring items, increased 7
percent to a 40 percent share.

Chemical Segment

Net sales of $1.3 billion in 1994 were $105 million greater than the previous
year. Each of the segment's business groups participated in an 8 percent
increase in shipment volume, while prices remained stable. Growth in all but a
few markets, both domestically and abroad, was achieved in 1994. Improvements in
both the domes-tic and European economies, and aggressive marketing translated
into higher sales volume.


Operating income for 1993 was adversely affected by a $5.6 million provision for
environmental remediation and compliance. Excluding this non-recurring charge,
1994 operating income rose $11.6 million, or 11 percent, over 1993. The
segment's Polymer Additives Group registered the largest increase, accounting
for two-thirds of the segment's total improvement. The group benefited from a
strong domestic economy, evidenced by a rise in the construction industry, and a
more robust European economy. All major business units contributed to the
group's 23 percent improvement in operating income. A 9 percent increase in net
sales attributable to greater domestic shipment volume, the introduction of a
new antioxidant product and a favorable European sales product mix led to the
group's higher earnings. Process improvements, the most notable involving the
production of amides, also contributed to the group's strong performance. The
International/Europe Group's operating income rose approximately 15 percent,
accounting for the remaining portion of the segment's favorable operating
results. The overall strength of the European economy led to greater sales and
improved earnings for each of the group's major business units. An increase in
shipment volume of approximately 10 percent, a favorable product sales mix in
key businesses, cost saving programs, and plant efficiencies proved to be a
successful combination. Although the Oleo/Surfactants Group increased its
shipment volume by 9 percent, its operating income remained relatively
unchanged. Sales growth was achieved through aggressive marketing, new product
introductions in the Oilfield and Laundry Products business units, and an
increase in overseas shipments. However, significant increases in raw material
costs in the second half of 1994, which the group was unable to fully recover
through higher sales prices due to competitive pricing pressures, offset the
increase in sales.

8

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>


Petroleum Segment

Segment 1994 net sales of $375.6 million were $10.4 million ahead of 1993. The
segment reported an increase in volume of approximately 4 percent which offset
the effect of a 1 percent drop in prices.

Non-recurring charges of $15.2 million for environmental matters severely
affected 1993 operating income. Excluding these charges, 1994 operating income
of $43.4 million was $3.6 million greater than 1993. The 9 percent increase in
operating income was primarily due to an improvement in material margins
attributable to a decline in raw material feedstock costs that outpaced a
corresponding decrease in sales prices. A favorable product sales mix, higher
sales volume, and efficiencies in manufacturing techniques also contributed to
the segment's favorable results.


Diversified Products Segment

Reported segment operating income for 1994 included a non-recurring gain of $4.8
million from the sale of the Allied-Kelite operations, while 1993 earnings
included a net charge of $18.7 million covering an expected loss on the
disposition of the Battery Parts business and an environmental remediation and
compliance provision, partially offset by the gain on the sale of the operations
of Chemprene. Net sales and operating income for the segment's businesses which
were not sold in 1994 or 1993 (Concarb and Battery Parts) rose $13 million and
$7.4 million, respectively. A 15 percent increase in carbon black net sales,
spurred in part by greater automotive market demand in both the tire and
non-tire sectors, accounted for approximately 75 percent of the higher net sales
and operating earnings. The remaining increase was attributable to an increase
in demand for battery components due to the severe winter of 1994 and
understocked customer inventory levels.

Outlook

The current year has been one of transition in which the Company has refocused
its efforts on becoming a leading global specialty chemical company. The Company
believes it is well positioned to become more competitive in the global
marketplace as a result of the recently announced plant consolidation program,
which may be followed by further consolidation in 1997 and 1998; a 1995
reduction of staff and operations personnel, resulting in annual payroll savings
of $5 million commencing in 1996; the completion of the divestiture of the
Diversified Products Segment in 1995; the announcement of the Company's
intention to sell the Lubricants Group, which is expected to be completed in
mid-1996; and the fourth quarter 1995 acquisition of OSi Specialties.

The Company plans to add to its earnings by leveraging its expanded presence in
targeted high growth regions of Europe, South America, and Asia; through
improved product margins; and continued cost savings initiatives. Escalating raw
material costs weighed heavily on 1995 results. Preliminary indications suggest
that relief is forthcoming in 1996 and the Company believes it will realize
additional savings in the procurement area through the reduction of carriers and
the consolidation of regional purchasing activities.

                                                                               9

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

Report of Ernst & Young LLP,
Independent Auditors


Board of Directors and Shareholders
Witco Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Witco
Corporation and Subsidiary Companies as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the
related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1995. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Witco Corporation
and Subsidiary Companies at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, in 1995 the Company changed
its method of accounting for inventory valuation under dollar value LIFO from
LIFO double extension to LIFO link chain.

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, in 1995 the Company adopted
the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
Be Disposed Of."

                                              ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Stamford, Connecticut
January 29, 1996,
except for Note 7, as to which
the date is February 12, 1996


                                                                             F-1

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>


                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands except per share data)
==============================================================================================
December 31                                                              1995          1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------      ---------
<S>                                                                  <C>            <C>
Assets
Current Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                                          $  143,994    $  197,173
  Accounts and notes receivable, less allowances of $7,104 and $8,863   406,486       395,547
  Inventories                                                           322,898       258,372
  Prepaid and other current assets                                       70,667        45,737
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
    Total Current Assets                                                944,045       896,829
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
Property, Plant, and Equipment, less accumulated depreciation of
  $586,595 and $696,043                                                 811,667       719,966
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, less accumulated amortization
  of $62,450 and $43,760                                                728,124       191,422
Deferred Costs and Other Assets                                         118,182       111,128
Net Assets of Discontinued Operations                                   170,426             -
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
    Total Assets                                                     $2,772,444    $1,919,345
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    -----------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    -----------
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current Liabilities
  Notes and loans payable                                            $  309,171    $    1,795
  Accounts payable and other current liabilities                        385,294       343,414
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
    Total Current Liabilities                                           694,465       345,209
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
Long-term Debt                                                          683,830       346,545
Deferred Federal and Foreign Income Taxes                                87,532        81,354
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities                                  302,500       206,231
Shareholders' Equity
  $2.65 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $1 per share
    Authorized - 14 shares
    Issued and outstanding - 7 shares                                         7             7
  Common stock, par value $5 per share
    Authorized - 100,000 shares
    Issued - 56,435 shares and 56,312 shares                            282,173       281,561
  Capital in excess of par value                                        131,076       127,643
  Equity adjustments:
    Foreign currency translation                                         17,222        (1,481)
    Pensions                                                             (4,898)       (2,446)
  Retained earnings                                                     578,537       537,199
  Treasury stock, at cost - 165 shares                                        -        (2,477)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
    Total Shareholders' Equity                                        1,004,117       940,006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------    ----------
    Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity                       $2,772,444    $1,919,345
=============================================================================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes. 


                                                                             F-2

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>


                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Income


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands of dollars except per share data)
=========================================================================================================
For the years ended December 31                                        1995         1994         1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>       
Revenues
  Net sales                                                         $1,985,077   $1,841,414   $1,763,086
  Interest                                                              15,104       10,032        8,679
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Total Revenues                                                2,000,181    1,851,446    1,771,765
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Costs and Expenses
  Cost of goods sold (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)    1,548,943    1,412,079    1,363,246
  Selling and administrative expenses                                  199,452      185,576      181,173
  Depreciation and amortization                                        102,571       88,663       86,480
  Interest                                                              43,689       29,674       34,984
  Other expense (income) - net                                         (55,278)      (9,708)      64,585
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Total Costs and Expenses                                      1,839,377    1,706,284    1,730,468
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Income from continuing operations before Federal and
    Foreign Income Taxes                                               160,804      145,162       41,297
Federal and Foreign Income Taxes                                        60,458       50,742       16,165
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Income from continuing operations                                    100,346       94,420       25,132
  Income (loss) from discontinued operations - net of income
    taxes of $2,610, $6,960, and $(2,597)                                4,099       12,647       (5,369)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Net Income                                                   $  104,445   $  107,067   $   19,763
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------

- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Net Income Per Common Share: Primary
  Income from continuing operations                                      $1.78        $1.70         $.56
  Income (loss) from discontinued operations -
    net of income taxes                                                    .07          .22         (.10)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Net Income Per Common Share: Primary                              $1.85        $1.92         $.46
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Net Income Per Common Share: Fully Diluted
  Income from continuing operations                                      $1.77        $1.69         $.56
  Income (loss) from discontinued operations -
    net of income taxes                                                    .07          .22         (.10)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------
        Net Income Per Common Share: Fully Diluted                       $1.84        $1.91         $.46
========================================================================================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes. 



F-3

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>


                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands of dollars)
============================================================================================================================
For the years ended December 31                                             1995                1994                 1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
<S>                                                                      <C>                 <C>                  <C>      
Operating Activities
  Net income                                                             $ 104,445           $ 107,067            $  19,763
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
          Depreciation and amortization                                    119,571             105,120              102,502
          Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes                     (6,884)             17,666              (24,639)
          Pension cost                                                      10,130              12,378                1,752
          Gain on disposition of operations of subsidiaries                (51,183)             (4,820)              (8,810)
          Provision for plant consolidation and other matters               43,342                   -                    -
          Provision for environmental remediation and compliance            15,348                   -               52,810
          Provision for work force reduction and other matters                   -                   -               29,784
          Provision for disposition of a business                                -                   -               19,200
          Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
           Accounts and notes receivable                                   (26,609)            (51,639)             (26,101)
           Inventories                                                     (12,849)            (23,750)              13,490
           Prepaid and other current assets                                  9,866              (3,791)                 513
           Accounts payable and other current liabilities                  (41,709)             (5,492)              (6,908)
          Other                                                            (28,548)             (5,007)              (1,958)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
      Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities                            134,920             147,732              171,398
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
Investing Activities
  Expenditures for property, plant, and equipment                         (115,845)           (107,438)            (103,689)
  Proceeds from dispositions                                               146,026              24,194               24,160
  Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired                        (481,431)                  -               (3,691)
  Other                                                                     (2,443)              1,732               (4,568)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
      Net Cash Used in Investing Activities                               (453,693)            (81,512)             (87,788)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
Financing Activities
  Dividends paid                                                           (63,026)            (55,013)             (44,679)
  Payments on borrowings                                                  (367,541)             (8,398)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                    6,523               2,734                5,236
  Proceeds from borrowings                                                 681,551                 954              374,422
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                                         -                   -              141,655
  Other                                                                          -                 (63)              (3,499)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
      Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities                  257,507             (59,786)             (28,837)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
Effects of Exchange Rate Changes on
  Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                  8,087               7,689               (6,170)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
      Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents                     (53,179)             14,123               48,603
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year                             197,173             183,050              134,447
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   ----------          ----------           ----------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year                                 $ 143,994           $ 197,173            $ 183,050
============================================================================================================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes. 


                                                                             F-4

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>


                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands of dollars)
==========================================================================================================================
                                                     Equity Adjustments
                                                   Capital in     Foreign                             Treasury
                             Preferred    Common    Excess of     Currency                 Retained    Stock
                               Stock       Stock    Par Value    Translation     Pensions  Earnings   at Cost     Total
- ---------------------------  ---------    ------   ----------    -----------     --------  --------   --------  ----------
<S>                             <C>      <C>        <C>           <C>            <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>       
Balance at
December 31, 1992               $ 9      $ 112,670  $   5,077     $ (6,489)      $(3,344)  $515,566  $ (9,193)  $  614,296
Net Income                                                                                   19,763                 19,763
Cash Dividends Declared:
  Preferred stock                                                                               (24)                   (24)
  Common stock                                                                              (47,064)               (47,064)
Common Stock Issued:
  Two-for-one
    stock split                            127,045   (127,176)                                                        (131)
  Public offering                           14,374    127,281                                                      141,655
  Employee plans                                        1,207                                           4,029        5,236
  Conversions                                            (266)                                            388          122
Equity Adjustments                                                 (17,234)       (3,204)                          (20,438)
- ---------------------------     ---      ---------  ---------     --------       -------   --------  --------   ----------
Balance at
December 31, 1993                 9        254,089      6,123      (23,723)       (6,548)   488,241    (4,776)     713,415
Net Income                                                                                  107,067                107,067
Cash Dividends Declared:
  Preferred stock                                                                               (20)                   (20)
  Common stock                                                                              (58,089)               (58,089)
Common Stock Issued:
  Conversion of convertible
    debentures                              27,472    121,037                                                      148,509
  Employee plans                                          739                                           1,995        2,734
  Conversions                    (2)                     (256)                                            304           46
Equity Adjustments                                                  22,242         4,102                            26,344
- ---------------------------     ---      ---------  ---------     --------       -------   --------  --------   ----------
Balance at
December 31, 1994                 7        281,561    127,643       (1,481)       (2,446)   537,199    (2,477)     940,006
Net Income                                                                                  104,445                104,445
Cash Dividends Declared:
  Preferred stock                                                                               (18)                   (18)
  Common stock                                                                              (63,089)               (63,089)
Common Stock Issued:
  Employee plans                               607      3,535                                           2,380        6,522
  Conversions                                    5       (102)                                             97            -
Equity Adjustments                                                  18,703        (2,452)                           16,251
- ---------------------------     ---      ---------  ---------     --------       -------   --------  --------   ----------
Balance at
December 31, 1995               $ 7      $ 282,173  $ 131,076     $ 17,222       $(4,898)  $578,537  $    -     $1,004,117
==========================================================================================================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.


F-5

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization: Witco Corporation is a worldwide manufacturer of quality specialty
chemical, silicone and petroleum products. The Company's products are used
primarily as intermediates by other manufacturers in industries such as personal
care and household products, agricultural, housing and construction, packaging,
food and textiles. 

Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Principles of Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of all majority owned subsidiaries after the elimination of
inter-company transactions. 

Cash Equivalents: Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with a
maturity of three months or less when purchased. 

Inventories: Inventories are stated at cost, principally on the Last-In,
First-Out (LIFO) basis which is not in excess of market. The balance of
inventories is stated at the lower of cost on the First-In, First-Out (FIFO)
basis or market. Effective January 1, 1995, the Company changed its method of
inventory valuation under dollar value LIFO from LIFO double extension to LIFO
link chain. Management believes that the LIFO link chain method is preferable
because it is the predominate method used in the industry and will mitigate the
impact of volume fluctuations on results of operations. The change in accounting
method had no material effect on income for the year ended December 31, 1995. It
is not possible to determine the effect of the change on retained earnings as of
January 1, 1995 or income as previously reported for the years ended December
31, 1994 or 1993.

Property, Plant, and Equipment: Property, plant, and equipment is stated at cost
and depreciation is provided principally using the straight-line method based on
estimated useful lives.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: The Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 121 "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of" effective January 1, 1995.
SFAS 121 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in
operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash
flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets'
carrying amount. SFAS 121 also addresses the accounting for long-lived assets
that are expected to be disposed of. The adoption of SFAS No. 121 did not have a
material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations
other than its effect on the provision for plant consolidation (see Note 9 of
Notes to Financial Statements).

Intangible Assets: Intangible assets primarily include the excess of purchase
price paid over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) and
other intangibles which are being amortized over periods not in excess of forty
years. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of intangible
assets in relation to the operating performance and future cash flows of the
underlying businesses. Impairment losses would be recorded in the event of a
significant change in the environment in which the business operates or if the
expected future cash flows are less than book value.

Postemployment Benefits: The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 112 "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits"
effective January 1, 1993. SFAS 112 requires employers to accrue the cost of
postemployment benefits, such as medical and disability benefits, as employees
render services instead of when benefits are paid. The adoption of SFAS 112 did
not have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

Research and Development Costs: The Company's research and development costs are
charged to expense as incurred. These charges to continuing operations amounted
to $52,907,000 (1995), $40,717,000 (1994), and $40,308,000 (1993).

Environmental Remediation Costs: Environmental remediation costs are charged to
expense if the remediation is the result of past practices or events and the
expenditures are not expected to benefit future operations. Projected costs are
accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
can be reasonably estimated. Accruals are recorded at undiscounted amounts
without regard to any third party recoveries, and are regularly adjusted as
environmental assessments and remediation efforts proceed. 

Stock Based Compensation: The Company grants stock options for a fixed number of
shares to employees with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the shares
at the date of grant. The Company accounts for stock option grants in accordance
with APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and,

                                                                             F-6

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

accordingly, recognizes no compensation expense for the stock option grants.

Income Taxes: The Company accounts for income taxes under SFAS No. 109
"Accounting for Income Taxes." 

Common Share Data: Net income per common share is based upon net income adjusted
for interest (net of tax) on the 5.50% Convertible Subordinated Debentures
through March 1994 and the preferred stock dividend requirements. The weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during each year includes common
stock equivalents, principally shares issuable in connection with the 5.50%
Convertible Subordinated Debentures through March 1994 and the Company's stock
option plans. Fully diluted net income per common share additionally reflects
the assumed conversion of the outstanding convertible preferred stock.



Note 2 - Acquisition and Dispositions


On October 19, 1995, the Company acquired OSi Specialties Holding Company and
OSi Specialties, Inc. (collectively "OSi") from an investor group led by DLJ
Merchant Banking Partners, L.P. in a cash transaction for approximately
$486,000,000. OSi manufactures a full line of silicone surfactants, amine
catalysts, organofunctional silanes and specialty fluids at key manufacturing
facilities in the United States, Belgium, Italy and Brazil. 

The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and results of operations have
been included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of
acquisition. A preliminary allocation of the purchase price resulted in an
excess over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) of
approximately $514,000,000. This is being amortized on a straight line basis
over forty years. 1995 results included net sales of $101,312,000 and a net loss
of approximately $3,600,000, or $.06 per common share, net of an income tax
benefit, goodwill amortization, and associated financing costs.

The pro forma unaudited results of operations for the years ended December 31,
1995 and 1994, assuming the acquisition of OSi had been consummated as of
January 1, 1994, are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(in thousands except per share data)                     1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
<S>                                                   <C>             <C>       
Net sales                                             $2,322,216      $2,235,736
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
Income from continuing operations                     $  101,119      $   84,547
Income from discontinued operations                        4,099          12,647
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
Net income                                            $  105,218      $   97,194
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
Net income per common share - primary
  Income from continuing operations                   $     1.79      $     1.52
  Income from discontinued operations                        .07             .22
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
Net income per common share - primary                 $     1.86      $     1.74
================================================================================
</TABLE>


On September 11, 1995, the Company announced its intention to divest its
Lubricants Group. The Board of Directors has approved a plan of disposal with a
target date of mid-1996. These operations are reflected as discontinued
operations for all periods presented in the Company's income statements and as
net assets of discontinued operations in the December 31, 1995 balance sheet.

On June 30, 1995, the Company sold the operations of its Continental Carbon
subsidiary to China Synthetic Rubber Corporation for $121,900,000, resulting in
a gain of $27,073,000, or $.48 per common share. Continental Carbon manufactures
carbon black which is used primarily in the tire and rubber industry.

On March 24, 1995, the Company sold the operations of its Battery Parts business
to Acro Products, Inc. for $24,100,000, resulting in a gain of $6,196,000, or
$.11 per common share. Battery Parts manufactures rubber and plastic battery
containers, covers and parts and custom injection molded parts.

The operating results individually and in the aggregate of the 1995 dispositions
were not significant to the consolidated results of operations.

In the second quarter of 1994, the Company sold the operations of the metal
finishing and metalworking businesses of its Allied-Kelite subsidiary to
MacDermid, Incorporated and Metal Lubricants Company, respectively, for
$24,200,000 which resulted in a gain of $3,133,000, or $.06 per common share.
Allied-Kelite manufactures plating and surface preparation products. The
operating results of this subsidiary were not significant to the consolidated
results of operations.


F-7

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements



Note 3 - Inventories


Inventories are classified as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>     
Raw materials and supplies                             $115,231         $ 96,939
Finished goods                                          207,667          161,433
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                       $322,898         $258,372
================================================================================
</TABLE>

Work in progress included above is not significant.


Inventories valued on a LIFO basis, at December 31, 1995 and 1994, amounted to
$118,774,000 and $158,638,000, respectively. Inventories would have been
$41,499,000 and $62,077,000 higher than reported at December 31, 1995 and 1994,
respectively, if the FIFO method (which approximates current cost) had been used
by the Company for all inventories.


Note 4 - Property, Plant, and Equipment

A summary of property, plant, and equipment follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>     
Land                                                  $   35,259      $   32,970
Buildings and improvements                               186,904         178,268
Machinery, fixtures, and equipment                     1,114,452       1,140,319
Assets under construction                                 61,647          64,452
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                       1,398,262       1,416,009
Less accumulated depreciation                            586,595         696,043
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                      $  811,667      $  719,966
================================================================================
</TABLE>


Depreciation expense, including amortization of assets under capital lease
obligations, from continuing operations amounted to $81,838,000 (1995),
$71,830,000 (1994), and $67,930,000 (1993). At December 31, 1995, buildings and
improvements included approximately $17,000,000 related to an office/laboratory
facility under a capital lease.



Note 5 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill and other intangible assets consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>     
Goodwill                                                $666,880        $147,662
Patents and licenses                                      58,561          29,798
Other                                                     65,133          57,722
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                         790,574         235,182
Less accumulated amortization                             62,450          43,760
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                        $728,124        $191,422
================================================================================
</TABLE>

Amortization expense from continuing operations amounted to $20,733,000 (1995),
$16,833,000 (1994), and $18,550,000 (1993).


                                                                             F-8

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 6 - Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities

Components of accounts payable and other current liabilities consist of the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>     
Trade accounts payable                                  $166,688        $139,906
Other accruals                                           126,099          67,839
Payroll related liabilities                               54,015          53,286
Reserves for environmental remediation and compliance     23,597          33,982
Income taxes                                              12,272          20,448
Reserve for disposition of a business                          -          19,109
Reserve for consolidation of offices                       2,623           8,844
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                        $385,294        $343,414
================================================================================
</TABLE>



Note 7 - Indebtedness


On October 18, 1995, the Company entered into a one year credit agreement
totaling $675,000,000 with a consortium of banks for the purpose of financing
the OSi acquisition and to repay OSi's 11.50% Senior Secured Discount Debentures
due 2004 and OSi Specialties' 9.25% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2003. The
Company had $605,000,000 of bank loans outstanding under the credit agreement as
of December 31, 1995, of which $305,000,000 is included in the notes and loans
payable caption of the Company's balance sheet. The interest rate at December
31, 1995 was approximately 6.1%.

The Company plans to repay the short-term portion of the bank loan with proceeds
from the sale of the Lubricants Group, cash flow from operations or additional
long-term financing.

On February 12, 1996, the Company issued $300,000,000 in two equal debt
offerings of 6.125% Notes due 2006 and 6.875% Debentures due 2026. These
borrowings were used to refinance a portion of the credit agreement utilized by
the Company at December 31, 1995. Immediately thereafter, the availability under
the credit agreement, as amended, was reduced to $375,000,000.



Following is a summary of long-term debt:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995            1994
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
<S>                                                    <C>              <C>     
Short-term bank loan to be refinanced                   $300,000       $       -
6.60% Notes due 2003                                     165,000         165,000
7.75% Debentures due 2023                                110,000         110,000
7.325% Notes due 1998                                     49,210          45,171
6.47% Bank Loan due 2000                                  21,838               -
Capital Lease Obligation                                  17,822               -
5.85% Pollution Control Revenue Bonds due 2023            10,000          10,000
Industrial Development Revenue Bond due 2014               8,500           8,500
Other                                                      3,945           9,559
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                         686,315         348,230
Less amounts included in notes and loans payable           2,485           1,685
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------      ----------
                                                        $683,830        $346,545
================================================================================
</TABLE>


The Company has arrangements with various banks for lines of credit for its
international subsidiaries aggregating $50,872,000 of which $3,773,000 was
utilized at December 31, 1995. The weighted average interest rates on
international short-term borrowings outstanding were 6.36% (1995) and 6.50%
(1994). 

Principal maturities of long-term debt including capital lease obligations
through the year 2000 at December 31, 1995 are $2,485,000 (1996), $1,400,000
(1997), $50,810,000 (1998), $1,700,000 (1999), and $23,838,000 (2000).


F-9

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 7 - Indebtedness (continued)


Following is a summary of interest from continuing operations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995    1994     1993
- ------------------------------------------------       -------  -------  -------
<S>                                                    <C>      <C>      <C>    
Interest expense                                       $43,689  $29,674  $34,984
Capitalized interest                                     1,429    2,214    1,923
- ------------------------------------------------       -------  -------  -------
  Total interest incurred                              $45,118  $31,888  $36,907
- ------------------------------------------------       -------  -------  -------
  Total interest payments                              $47,016  $34,190  $30,098
================================================================================
</TABLE>


Note 8 - Shareholders' Equity


On March 2, 1995, the Board of Directors unanimously approved a Shareholder
Rights Plan. The Plan was implemented by the issuance of one preferred stock
purchase right for each share of common stock outstanding at the close of
business on March 2, 1995, or issued thereafter until the rights become
exercisable. Each right will entitle the holder in certain events to purchase
one-one thousandth of a share of participating preferred stock at a purchase
price of $110. Each one-one thousandth of a share of participating preferred
stock is intended to represent the economic equivalent of one share of common
stock. Under the Shareholder Rights Plan, 300,000 shares of Series A
participating cumulative preferred stock without par value have been authorized.

The rights currently are not exercisable. If a person or group acquires more
than 15% of the outstanding common stock, or at the Board's election if a tender
offer for more than 15% of the outstanding common stock is commenced, or if such
person or group acquires the Company in a merger or other business combination,
each right (other than those held by the acquiring person) will entitle the
holder to purchase stock of the Company or stock or other property of the
acquiring person having a value of twice the purchase price. The rights will
expire on March 2, 2005, unless redeemed earlier by the Company in whole, but
not in part, at a price of $.01 per right.

On September 2, 1993, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a
two-for-one stock split on the Company's common stock. This was paid in the form
of a 100 percent stock distribution of 25,409,000 shares on October 5, 1993, to
shareholders of record as of September 16, 1993. Accordingly, all share and per
share data, as appropriate, reflect the effects of this split. The par value for
the additional shares issued was transferred from capital in excess of par value
to common stock.

At December 31, 1995, unissued common stock of the Company was reserved for
issuance in accordance with the stock option plans (4,893,000 shares) and the
$2.65 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (115,000 shares).

The Company has several stock option plans for certain employees. All options
are granted at market value as of the date of grant and are exercisable in
installments within a period not to exceed ten years from the date of grant. The
options outstanding at December 31, 1995, expire on various dates through June
2005. At December 31, 1995 and 1994, options for 2,274,000 and 540,000 shares of
common stock, respectively, were available for grant.


Stock option transactions were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
=================================================================================
(thousands of shares)                      1995                   1994
- --------------------------------  -----------------------  ----------------------
                                  Shares        Price      Shares      Price
- --------------------------------  ------   --------------  ------ ---------------
<S>                                <C>     <C>             <C>    <C>            
Outstanding at beginning of year   2,054   $13.00 - $31.75 1,472  $13.00 - $26.56
Granted 879                                         $28.00   780           $31.75
Options exercised                   (300)  $13.00 - $26.56  (149) $17.31 - $26.56
Cancelled                            (14)  $26.56 - $31.75   (49) $21.38 - $31.75
- --------------------------------  ------   --------------  ------ ---------------
  Outstanding at End of Year       2,619   $21.38 - $31.75 2,054  $13.00 - $31.75
- --------------------------------  ------   --------------  ------ ---------------
  Exercisable at End of Year         808   $21.38 - $31.75   721  $13.00 - $31.75
=================================================================================
</TABLE>


                                                                            F-10

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 8 - Shareholders' Equity (continued)


Each share of $2.65 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to one
vote and has a minimum liquidating preference of $66 per share. Each share is
subject to redemption at the Company's option at $66 per share and is
convertible into 16.8075 shares of the Company's common stock.

The Company has authorized 8,300,000 shares of series preferred stock, which,
when issued, will have such rights, powers, and preferences as shall be fixed by
the Company's Board of Directors.

Dividends declared per share on the Company's common stock amounted to $1.12
(1995), $1.06 (1994), and $.96 (1993).

Common and preferred stock transactions were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of shares)                               1995       1994       1993
- ------------------------------------------------   ------     ------     -------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Convertible Preferred Stock
  Outstanding at beginning of year                      7          9          9
  Conversions                                           -         (2)         -
- ------------------------------------------------   ------     ------     -------
    Outstanding at End of Year                          7          7          9
- ------------------------------------------------   ------     ------     -------
Common Stock
  Issued at beginning of year                      56,312     50,818     22,534
  Net shares issued under employee plans              122          -          -
  Conversions                                           1          -          -
  Conversion of convertible debentures                  -      5,494      2,875
  Two-for-one stock split                               -          -     25,409
- ------------------------------------------------   ------     ------     -------
    Issued at End of Year                          56,435     56,312     50,818
- ------------------------------------------------   ------     ------     -------
Treasury Stock
  In treasury at beginning of year                    165        318        306
  Net shares issued under employee plans             (159)      (133)      (149)
  Conversions                                          (6)       (20)       (22)
  Two-for-one stock split                               -          -        183
- ------------------------------------------------   ------     ------     -------
    In Treasury at End of Year                          -        165        318
================================================================================
</TABLE>


Note 9 - Other Expense (Income) - Net


The components of other expense (income) - net from continuing operations are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
=============================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                    1995      1994         1993
- -----------------------------------------------------   --------   -------     --------
<S>                                                     <C>        <C>         <C>     
Settlements with certain of the company's insurers      $(52,887)  $     -     $      -
Gain on disposition of operations of subsidiaries        (51,183)        -            -
Provision for plant consolidation                         33,842         -            -
Provision for environmental remediation and compliance    13,800         -       29,110
Provision for disposition of a business -                      -         -       19,200
Provision for work force reduction                             -         -       12,200
Provision for loss on sublease of office facilities            -         -        9,184
Other - net                                                1,150    (9,708)      (5,109)
- -----------------------------------------------------   --------   -------     --------
                                                        $(55,278)  $(9,708)     $64,585
=============================================================================================
</TABLE>


The provision for plant consolidation of $33,842,000 is a result of management's
decision to consolidate operations at larger and more efficient facilities in
order to more effectively service its customers. The shutdown of these
facilities (principally within the Chemical Segment) is expected to be completed
by 1997.


F-11

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 10 - Federal and Foreign Income Taxes



The components of income (loss) from continuing operations before federal and
foreign income taxes are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                   1995            1994            1993
- ------------------------------------   --------        --------        --------
<S>                                    <C>             <C>             <C>     
Domestic                               $104,972        $ 86,757        $ (5,813)
International                            55,832          58,405          47,110
- ------------------------------------   --------        --------        --------
                                       $160,804        $145,162        $ 41,297
================================================================================
</TABLE>


The provision for federal and foreign income taxes (exclusive of tax expense
(benefit) from discontinued operations) consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                   1995            1994            1993
- ------------------------------------   --------        --------        --------
<S>                                    <C>             <C>             <C>     
Current
  Domestic                             $49,675         $25,115         $ 17,173
  International                         16,004           9,870           16,462
Deferred
  Domestic                              (7,161)          7,824          (15,122)
  International                          2,588           8,916           (1,028)
Investment tax credit amortization        (648)           (983)          (1,320)
- ------------------------------------   --------        --------        --------
                                       $60,458         $50,742         $ 16,165
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

The effective income tax rate from continuing operations varied from the
statutory federal income tax rate as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
=================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                       1995    1994    1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------   ----    ----    ----
<S>                                                          <C>     <C>     <C>  
Statutory federal income tax rate                            35.0%   35.0%   35.0%
Non-deductible goodwill amortization                          1.1      .3     1.1
Amortization of investment tax credits                        (.4)    (.6)   (4.0)
Provision for non-deductible civil penalties                    -       -     2.8
Effect of U.S. tax rate increase on deferred tax balances       -       -     3.8
Other                                                         1.9      .3      .4
- ----------------------------------------------------------   ----    ----    ----
                                                             37.6%   35.0%   39.1%
=================================================================================
</TABLE>

The components of deferred federal and foreign income taxes are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                       1995       1994
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------   ---------
<S>                                                       <C>         <C>       
Current Deferred Tax (Assets) Liabilities:
  Reserve for environmental remediation and compliance    $ (12,208)  $ (12,028)
  Accrual items                                             (20,451)     (6,900)
  Inventories                                                   202       5,476
  Other - net                                               (15,328)    (10,852)
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------   ---------
                                                          $ (47,785)  $ (24,304)
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------   ---------

- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------   ---------
Noncurrent Deferred Tax (Assets) Liabilities:
  Depreciation                                            $ 138,381   $ 105,631
  Reserve for environmental remediation and compliance      (23,548)    (22,142)
  Net operating loss carryforward                           (36,059)     (8,423)
  Postretirement benefits other than pensions               (14,744)     (8,288)
  Other - net                                                23,502      14,576
- ------------------------------------------------------    ---------   ---------
                                                          $  87,532   $  81,354
================================================================================
</TABLE>


                                                                            F-12

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 10 - Federal and Foreign Income Taxes (continued)




U.S. federal income taxes have not been provided on approximately $228,600,000
of unremitted earnings of the Company's international subsidiaries at December
31, 1995. As a result of the availability of foreign tax credits, based on
current rates, no significant U.S. federal income taxes would be payable if
these earnings were distributed.

At December 31, 1995, the Company has federal net operating losses of
approximately $68,900,000 which are subject to certain limitations and expire as
follows: $21,700,000 (2008), $32,200,000 (2009), and $15,000,000 (2010). The
Company has foreign net operating losses of approximately $18,200,000 with no
expiration date.

Cash payments for federal and foreign income taxes amounted to $53,715,000
(1995), $40,462,000 (1994), and $29,817,000 (1993).


Note 11 - Pension Plans



The Company has various non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering
substantially all of its domestic employees and certain international employees.
Benefits are primarily based upon levels of compensation and/or years of
service. The Company's funding policy is based upon funding at the minimum
annual amounts required by applicable federal laws and regulations plus such
additional amounts as the Company may determine to be appropriate from time to
time. Plan assets consist of publicly traded securities and investments in
commingled funds administered by independent investment advisors.

Certain union employees of the Company participate in multi-employer plans and
the Company makes contributions primarily based upon hours worked. These plans
provide defined benefits to these employees. 

Employees of international subsidiaries are covered by various pension benefit
arrangements, some of which are considered to be defined benefit plans for
financial reporting purposes. Assets of the plans are comprised primarily of
insurance contracts and equity securities. Benefits under these plans are
primarily based upon levels of compensation. Funding policies are based on legal
requirements, tax considerations, and local practices. 

Mortality rate tables used for the domestic plans were principally the 1988 GAM.
As of December 31, 1995 and 1994, the liability associated with plans not
covered by the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation totaled $19,630,000 and
$14,810,000, respectively. Net periodic pension cost for those plans totaled
$3,000,000 and $3,350,000 for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994.


Net pension cost (credit) includes the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
=============================================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                       1995                     1994                     1993
- --------------------------------------------------  -----------------------  -----------------------  -----------------------
                                                    Domestic  International  Domestic  International  Domestic  International
- --------------------------------------------------  --------  -------------  --------  -------------  --------  -------------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>          <C>    
Service cost for benefits earned during the period  $  6,561     $ 3,823     $  8,284   $ 3,722       $  6,630     $ 2,985
Interest cost on the projected benefit obligation     24,337       6,478       22,652     5,516         20,707       4,763
Actual (return) loss on plan assets                  (63,453)     (7,486)       7,287    (2,576)       (34,119)     (2,861)
Net amortization and deferral                         35,206       4,180      (32,743)     (314)         3,177         (61)
- --------------------------------------------------  --------     -------     --------   -------       --------     -------
    Total Pension Cost (Credit)                        2,651       6,995        5,480     6,348         (3,605)      4,826
- --------------------------------------------------  --------     -------     --------   -------       --------     -------
Multi-employer plans                                     411           -          421         -            441           -
Other international plans                                  -          73            -       129              -          90
- --------------------------------------------------  --------     -------     --------   -------       --------     -------
    Net Pension Cost (Credit)                          3,062       7,068        5,901     6,477         (3,164)      4,916
- --------------------------------------------------  --------     -------     --------   -------       --------     -------
Less Pension Cost (Credit) of Discontinued
  Operations                                              15       -            1,009         -           (614)          -
- --------------------------------------------------  --------     -------     --------   -------       --------     -------
        Net Pension Cost (Credit) from Continuing
         Operations                                 $  3,047     $ 7,068        4,892   $ 6,477       $ (2,550)    $ 4,916
=============================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


F-13

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 11 - Pension Plans (continued)


The weighted average assumptions used to calculate costs were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
=============================================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                       1995                     1994                     1993
- --------------------------------------------------  -----------------------  -----------------------  -----------------------
                                                    Domestic  International  Domestic  International  Domestic  International
- --------------------------------------------------  --------  -------------  --------  -------------  --------  -------------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>          <C>    
Discount rate                                          8.5%       7.1%          7.0%      6.9%           7.9%      7.8%
Rate of increase in compensation level                 4.5%       4.3%          4.5%      4.3%           5.0%      4.7%
Expected long-term rate of return on assets           10.0%       8.0%         10.0%      8.0%          12.0%      8.9%
=============================================================================================================================
</TABLE>



Effective January 1, 1994, the pension benefit formula of the Retirement Plan of
the Company was amended to a "final average pay offset" formula and several plan
provisions were revised. Also effective January 1, 1994, the Company modified
the benefit formula of the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. These
amendments, together with the 1994 actuarial assumption changes, increased the
1994 domestic net periodic pension cost by approximately $9,200,000.


The funded status and amounts recognized in the Company's Consolidated Balance
Sheets at December 31, 1995 and 1994 for the domestic plans were as follows:



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
===================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                        1995                    1994
- -------------------------------------------------  ------------------------  ----------------------
                                                         Plans in which:         Plans in which:
- -------------------------------------------------  ------------------------  ----------------------
                                                      Assets    Accumulated   Assets    Accumulated
                                                      Exceed     Benefits     Exceed      Benefits
                                                    Accumulated   Exceed    Accumulated   Exceed
                                                      Benefits    Assets      Benefits    Assets
- -------------------------------------------------  ------------ ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>      
Actuarial present value of:
  Vested benefits                                   $(265,472)   $(70,936)   $(218,596)  $(41,773)
  Nonvested benefits                                        -      (2,166)      (7,346)    (4,470)
- -------------------------------------------------   ---------    --------    ---------   --------
    Accumulated Benefit Obligation                   (265,472)    (73,102)    (225,942)   (46,243)
Effect of anticipated future compensation levels      (22,489)    (20,922)     (14,472)    (2,364)
- -------------------------------------------------   ---------    --------    ---------   --------
    Projected Benefit Obligation                     (287,961)    (94,024)    (240,414)   (48,607)
Plan assets at fair value                             291,165      38,225        5,467     24,687
- -------------------------------------------------   ---------    --------    ---------   --------
    Plan Assets in Excess of (Less than)
      Projected Benefit Obligation                      3,204     (55,811)      15,053    (23,920)
Unrecognized prior service cost                        28,915       6,294       34,062      6,398
Unrecognized net transition (asset) obligation        (11,636)        637      (14,638)     1,246
Unrecognized net loss                                  45,621      12,823       31,506      4,721
Adjustment required to recognize minimum liability          -      (7,907)         -       (3,763)
- -------------------------------------------------   ---------   ---------    ---------   --------
      Noncurrent Pension Asset (Liability)          $  66,104    $(43,964)   $  65,983   $(15,318)
===================================================================================================
</TABLE>



The assumptions used to calculate December 31, 1995 and 1994 obligations for
domestic plans were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
                                                               1995        1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------     ----        ---- 
<S>                                                            <C>         <C> 
Discount rate                                                  7.0%        8.5%
Rate of increase in compensation level                         4.5%        4.5%
================================================================================
</TABLE>


Effective January 1, 1996, the Company revised the domestic discount rate from
8.5% to 7%. This change resulted in an increase of approximately $46,000,000 and
$53,000,000 in the 1995 accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit
obligation, respectively.


                                                                            F-14

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 11 - Pension Plans (continued)


The funded status and amounts recognized in the Company's Consolidated Balance
Sheets at December 31, 1995 and 1994 for the international plans were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
===================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                        1995                    1994
- -------------------------------------------------  ------------------------  ----------------------
                                                         Plans in which:         Plans in which:
- -------------------------------------------------  ------------------------  ----------------------
                                                      Assets    Accumulated   Assets    Accumulated
                                                      Exceed     Benefits     Exceed      Benefits
                                                    Accumulated   Exceed    Accumulated   Exceed
                                                      Benefits    Assets      Benefits    Assets
- -------------------------------------------------  ------------ ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>      
Actuarial present value of:
  Vested benefits                                   $(31,122)    $(41,227)   $(24,243)   $(28,034)
  Nonvested benefits                                  (1,620)      (2,483)     (1,405)     (2,816)
- -------------------------------------------------   --------     --------    --------    --------
    Accumulated Benefit Obligation                   (32,742)     (43,710)    (25,648)    (30,850)
Effect of anticipated future compensation levels      (7,387)     (18,497)     (8,142)    (16,231)
- -------------------------------------------------   --------     --------    --------    --------
    Projected Benefit Obligation                     (40,129)     (62,207)    (33,790)    (47,081)
Plan assets at fair value                             47,567          289      37,268           -
- -------------------------------------------------   --------     --------    --------    --------
    Plan Assets in Excess of (Less than)
      Projected Benefit Obligation                     7,438      (61,918)      3,478     (47,081)
Unrecognized prior service cost                        1,597           15       1,718           -
Unrecognized net transition (asset)                   (5,787)         (21)     (5,978)          -
Unrecognized net loss (gain)                            (795)       1,280       2,637      (4,222)
- -------------------------------------------------   --------     --------    --------    --------
      Noncurrent Pension Asset (Liability)          $  2,453     $(60,644)   $  1,855    $(51,303)
===================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The weighted average assumptions used to calculate December 31, 1995 and 1994
obligations for international plans were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
                                                               1995        1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------     ----        ---- 
<S>                                                            <C>         <C> 
Discount rate                                                   7.1%        7.6%
Rate of increase in compensation level                          4.3%        4.4%
================================================================================
</TABLE>


The Company sponsors a defined contribution savings plan, the Witco Corporation
Employee Retirement Savings Plan, which is organized under sections 401(k) and
401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan allows salary and hourly
non-bargaining employees to contribute up to a maximum of 15% of their base pay
with the Company providing a matching contribution of 50 cents for each dollar
up to 6%. The Plan permits employees to make contributions on both a pre-tax and
after-tax basis. Participants are immediately vested in their contributions and
become fully vested in the matching contribution upon meeting certain service
requirements. Union employees' participation, provisions, contributions, and
employer match are based upon terms of their respective collective bargaining
agreement. 

The Company's matching contribution was $3,900,000 (1995), $4,300,000 (1994),
and $4,800,000 (1993).


F-15

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 12 - Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions


The Company provides health and life insurance to certain domestic retired
employees, most of whom contribute to its cost. Substantially all employees
presently become eligible for retiree health benefits after reaching retirement
age while working for the Company. The cost of the retiree medical plan is
provided by retiree contributions that are adjusted annually to reflect current
health costs. For domestic employees subject to collective bargaining
arrangements the cost is shared by the Company in accordance with the bargained
agreements. Life insurance benefits for certain retired employees are provided
with the Company assuming the cost. The Company's policy is to fund the plans at
the discretion of management.


Postretirement benefit obligations at December 31, 1995 and 1994 were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
============================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                                  1995        1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------   -------     -------
<S>                                                                    <C>         <C>    
Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation:
  Retirees                                                             $29,359     $24,907
  Active plan participants fully eligible for benefits                   9,535       2,563
  Other active plan participants                                        12,086       4,509
- --------------------------------------------------------------------   -------     -------
    Total Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation                 50,980      31,979
Unrecognized net gain (loss)                                            (7,010)        685
- --------------------------------------------------------------------   -------     -------
    Accrued Postretirement Benefit Liability                           $43,970     $32,664
============================================================================================
</TABLE>

Net periodic postretirement benefit costs include the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                  1995     1994    1993
- ----------------------------------------------------   ------   ------  ------
<S>                                                    <C>      <C>     <C>   
Service cost of benefits earned                        $  486   $  591  $  389
Interest cost on accumulated postretirement benefits    2,938    2,634   2,621
Net amortization                                         (747)     275     141
- ----------------------------------------------------   ------   ------  ------
    Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Costs          $2,677   $3,500  $3,151
================================================================================
</TABLE>


For measuring the expected postretirement benefit obligation, a 10% annual rate
of increase in the per capita claims cost was assumed for both 1995 and 1994.
The rate was assumed to decrease by 1% per year to 6% in 1999 and remain at that
level thereafter. The weighted average discount rate used in determining the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 7% for 1995 and 8.5% for 1994.
A change in the discount rate for valuing the obligations at December 31, 1995
from 8.5% to 7% resulted in an increase of approximately $4,100,000 in the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. The weighted average discount
rates used in determining the net periodic postretirement benefit costs were
8.3% (1995), 7% (1994), and 7.9% (1993).

The effect of a 1% increase in the health care cost trend rate would increase
the present value of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at
December 31, 1995 by approximately $4,000,000 and the net periodic
postretirement benefit cost for 1995 by approximately $256,000.

Certain union employees of the Company participate in multi-employer plans that
provide defined postretirement health and life insurance benefits. The net
periodic postretirement benefit cost for these employees is not distinguishable.
The Company's cost associated with these plans on a cash basis is not
significant.

Employees in operations in countries outside the U.S. are covered by various
postretirement benefit arrangements, none of which are presently considered to
be defined benefit plans.


                                                                            F-16

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 13 - Financial Instruments


The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts, currency swaps, and
other financial market instruments to hedge the effect of foreign currency
fluctuations on the financial statements. The foreign exchange contracts are
accounted for as hedges of net investments and transaction hedges. Gains and
losses on hedges of net investments are recognized as a component of
shareholders' equity. Gains and losses on transaction hedges are recognized in
income and offset the foreign exchange gains and losses on the related
transaction.

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company had outstanding contracts with
aggregate notional amounts of approximately $197,000,000 and $209,000,000,
respectively, to hedge its foreign net investments and also to fix the interest
rates on the same amount of indebtedness at a weighted average interest rate of
approximately 8%. The net interest rate differentials that are paid or received
are reflected currently as adjustments to interest expense. The foreign currency
contracts are primarily in German marks and expire in March 2003.

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company had outstanding forward contracts
with aggregate notional amounts of approximately $164,000,000 and $10,000,000,
respectively, to hedge foreign currency risk on accounts receivable and payable.
These forward contracts are generally outstanding for 30 days and are primarily
denominated in German marks, Italian lire and French francs.

All contracts have been entered into with major financial institutions. The risk
associated with these transactions is the cost of replacing, at current market
rates, agreements in the event of default by the counterparties. Management
believes the risk of incurring such losses is remote.

The following notes summarize the major methods and assumptions used in
estimating the fair values of financial instruments.

Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amount approximates fair value due to
the short maturity of these instruments.

Notes receivable: The fair value is estimated by discounting the future cash
flows using the interest rates at which similar loans would be made under
current conditions.

Long-term debt (including short-term portion): The fair value for the 6.60%
Notes, the 7.75% Debentures and the short-term bank loan refinanced in February
1996 were based on quoted market values. For all other long-term debt which have
no quoted market price, the fair value is estimated by discounting projected
future cash flows using the Company's incremental borrowing rate.

Foreign currency/interest rate swap contracts: The fair value is the amount at
which the contracts could be settled based on quotes provided by investment
banking firms.


Fair Values of Financial Instruments: The following table presents the carrying
amounts and estimated fair values of material financial instruments used by the
Company in the normal course of its business.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
==========================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                 1995                  1994
- ---------------------------------------------   -------------------   --------------------
                                                Carrying    Fair      Carrying    Fair
                                                 Amount     Value      Amount     Value
- ---------------------------------------------   --------  ---------   --------  ----------
<S>                                             <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>     
Cash and cash equivalents                       $143,994   $143,994   $197,173   $197,173
Notes receivable                                $ 26,387   $ 26,366   $  1,693   $  1,679
Long-term debt                                  $686,315   $696,193   $348,230   $315,628
Off-balance sheet financial instruments:
  Unrealized loss on foreign currency/interest
    rate swap contracts                         $      -   $(41,895)  $      -   $(32,736)
==========================================================================================
</TABLE>


F-17

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies


Operating Leases: At December 31, 1995, minimum rental commitments related to
continuing operations under noncancelable operating leases amounted to
$21,495,000 (1996), $18,590,000 (1997), $11,996,000 (1998), $10,649,000 (1999),
$8,380,000 (2000), and $92,973,000 (2001 and thereafter). Aggregate future
minimum rentals to be received under noncancelable subleases, the majority of
which are subject to barter provisions, amounted to $19,143,000.

Rental expenses under operating leases from continuing operations were
$16,597,000 (1995), $16,758,000 (1994), and $16,685,000 (1993).

Capital Lease: The Company has a capital lease for an office/laboratory facility
located in Meyrin, Switzerland. The lease contains purchase options and expires
in 2007.

Future minimum lease payments at December 31, 1995 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>     
1996                                                                   $ 2,295
1997                                                                     2,295
1998                                                                     2,295
1999                                                                     2,295
2000                                                                     2,295
2001 and thereafter                                                     16,063
- ------------------------------------------------------------------     --------
    Total minimum lease payments                                        27,538
Amounts representing interest                                           (9,716)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------     --------
        Present value of net minimum
         lease payments                                                 17,822
Current portion                                                         (1,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------     --------
        Long-term obligation                                           $16,822
================================================================================
</TABLE>


The lease contains a sublease agreement for one third of the facility over the
length of the lease with the lessee providing a pro rata share of the minimum
lease payments.

Capital Commitments: At December 31, 1995, the estimated costs to complete
authorized projects under construction related to continuing operations amounted
to $92,209,000.

Litigation, Claims, and Contingencies: The Company has been notified that it
is a potentially responsible party ("PRP") or a defendant in a number of
governmental (federal, state, and local) and private actions associated with
the release, or suspected release, of contaminants into the environment. As a
PRP, the Company may be liable for costs associated with the investigation and
remediation of environmental contamination, as well as various penalties, and
damages to persons, property and natural resources. As of December 31, 1995,
the Company was a PRP, or a defendant, in connection with 67 sites at which it
is likely to incur costs associated with environmental investigation or
remedial actions which have been or will be executed pursuant to the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"),
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), or similar state or local
laws. With 22 exceptions, all of these sites involve one or more PRPs, and in
most cases, there are numerous other PRPs in addition to the Company. CERCLA,
RCRA, and the state counterparts to these federal laws, authorize governments
to investigate and remediate actual or suspected damage to the environment
caused by the release or suspected release of hazardous substances into the
environment, or to order the responsible parties to investigate and/or
remediate such environmental damage.

The Company evaluates and reviews environmental reserves for future remediation
and other costs on a quarterly basis to determine appropriate reserve amounts.
Inherent in this process are considerable uncertainties which effect the
Company's ability to estimate the ultimate costs of remediation efforts. Such
uncertainties include the nature and extent of contamination at each site,
evolving governmental standards regarding remediation requirements, changes in
environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternative cleanup methods,
the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties at
multi-party sites, innovations in remediation and restoration technology, and
the identification of additional environmental sites.

At December 31, 1995, the Company's reserves for environmental remediation and
compliance costs related to continuing operations amounted to $83,646,000
reflecting Witco's estimate of the costs which will be incurred over an extended
period of time in respect of these matters which are reasonably estimable.

The Company has numerous insurance policies which it believes provide coverage
at various levels for environmental liabilities. The Company is currently in
litigation with certain of its insurers concerning the applicability and amount
of insurance coverage for environmental costs under certain of these policies.
Except for amounts reflected in executed settlement agreements, no provision for
recovery under any of these policies is included in the Company's financial
statements. In 1995, the Company

                                                                            F-18

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>

                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies (continued)


executed settlements with certain of the Company's insurance carriers resulting
in income of $52,887,000, net of related legal and other costs.

The Company is a defendant in three similar actions pending in California state
courts, which arise out of the Company's involvement in the polybutylene resin
manufacturing business in the 1970's: East Bay Municipal Utility District v.
Mobil Oil Co., et al.; filed in November 1993, and pending in Superior Court for
the County of San Mateo; City of Santa Maria v. Shell Oil Co., et al.; filed in
May 1994, and pending in Superior Court for the County of San Luis Obispo; and
Nipomo Community Services District v. Shell Oil Co., et al.; filed in May 1995,
and pending in Superior Court for the County of San Luis Obispo. The actions
generally allege that the Company and several other defendants negligently
misrepresented the performance of polybutylene pipe and fittings installed in
water distribution systems. Other allegations include breach of warranty, fraud,
strict liability, and breach of the California Unfair Practices Act.

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, including environmental
matters, which it believes will have a material adverse effect on its
consolidated financial position. However, depending on the amount and timing of
an unfavorable resolution of these contingencies, it is possible that the
Company's future results could be materially affected in a particular period.


Note 15 - Operations by Industry Segment and Geographic Area


The following is a summary of the Company's operations by industry segment and
geographic area:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                                      1995          1994           1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>       
Net Sales
  Chemical                                                                $1,442,320    $1,336,907    $1,232,116
  OSi Specialties                                                            101,312             -             -
  Petroleum                                                                  394,822       375,623       365,238
  Diversified products                                                        61,412       141,995       178,889
  Intersegment elimination                                                   (14,789)      (13,111)      (13,157)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
    Net Sales                                                             $1,985,077    $1,841,414    $1,763,086
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Operating Income
  Chemical                                                                $   61,450    $  122,161    $  104,992
  OSi Specialties                                                              7,385             -             -
  Petroleum                                                                   33,415        43,379        24,547
  Diversified products                                                        62,689        17,243        (9,311)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
    Operating Income from continuing operations                              164,939       182,783       120,228
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
General corporate expenses - net                                              24,450       (17,979)      (52,626)
Interest income (expense) - net                                              (28,585)      (19,642)      (26,305)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
      Income from continuing operations before Federal
           and Foreign Income Taxes                                       $  160,804    $  145,162    $   41,297
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Assets
  Chemical                                                                $1,111,927    $1,101,519    $1,036,875
  OSi Specialties                                                            966,501             -             -
  Petroleum                                                                  247,009       507,848       461,073
  Diversified products                                                             -       107,376       122,930
  Net assets of discontinued operations                                      170,426             -             -
  Corporate (principally cash, cash equivalents,
    and deferred pension costs)                                              276,581       202,602       218,120
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
    Assets                                                                $2,772,444    $1,919,345    $1,838,998
================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


F-19

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements


Note 15 - Operations by Industry Segment and Geographic Area (continued)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
==========================================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                                 1995          1994          1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                                                 <C>           <C>           <C>       
Depreciation and Amortization
  Chemical                                                          $   69,917    $   62,795    $   58,204
  OSi Specialties                                                        9,439             -             -
  Petroleum                                                             16,758        14,568        15,704
  Diversified products                                                   3,719         9,351        11,054
  Corporate                                                              2,738         1,949         1,518
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
    Depreciation and Amortization from
      continuing operations                                         $  102,571    $   88,663    $   86,480
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Capital Expenditures (exclusive of acquisitions)
  Chemical                                                          $   53,134    $   44,323    $   53,831
  OSi Specialties                                                       12,400             -             -
  Petroleum                                                             16,755        25,647        24,607
  Diversified products                                                   4,388         5,623         5,829
  Discontinued operations                                               17,557        17,502        15,875
  Corporate                                                             11,611        14,343         3,547
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
    Capital Expenditures                                            $  115,845    $  107,438    $  103,689
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Net Sales
  United States                                                     $1,247,287    $1,225,062    $1,201,850
  Western Europe                                                       662,099       541,060       487,508
  Other International                                                  163,636       137,855       129,195
  Inter-area elimination                                               (87,945)      (62,563)      (55,467)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
    Net Sales                                                       $1,985,077    $1,841,414    $1,763,086
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Operating Income
  United States                                                     $   95,279    $  111,415    $   67,440
  Western Europe                                                        55,338        54,184        38,705
  Other International                                                   14,322        17,184        14,083
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
    Operating Income from continuing operations                     $  164,939    $  182,783    $  120,228
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Assets
  United States                                                     $1,512,278    $1,211,125    $1,177,891
  Western Europe                                                       884,139       604,342       565,172
  Other International                                                  205,601       103,878        95,935
  Net assets of discontinued operations (United States)                170,426             -             -
- ---------------------------------------------------------------     ----------    ----------    ----------
      Assets                                                        $2,772,444    $1,919,345    $1,838,998
==========================================================================================================
</TABLE>


Intersegment and inter-area sales are accounted for on the same basis used to
price sales to similar non-affiliated customers and such sales are eliminated in
arriving at consolidated amounts.

The Company does not allocate income and expenses that are of a general
corporate nature to industry segments in computing operating income. These
include general corporate expenses, interest income and expense, and certain
other income and expenses not directly attributable to a specific segment.

In 1995, general corporate expenses include income as a result of settlements
with certain of the Company's insurers, net of related legal and other costs
totaling $52,887,000.

In 1993, general corporate expenses include provisions for a work force
reduction, loss on sublease of office facilities, and other matters totaling
$29,784,000.

Foreign currency translation and transaction gains and losses included in net
income are not significant.

OSi Specialties purchases, in the aggregate, more than 50% of its raw materials
from Dow Corning Corporation and Union Carbide Corporation under various
long-term agreements expiring from 1998 to 2000.


                                                                            F-20

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Financial Statements

Note 16 - Discontinued Operations


On September 11, 1995, the Company announced its intention to divest its
Lubricants Group. The Board of Directors has approved a plan of disposal with a
target date of mid-1996. These operations are reflected as discontinued
operations for all periods presented in the Company's income statements. Summary
operating results of discontinued operations are as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
====================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                   1995      1994      1993
- -----------------------------------------------------  --------  --------  --------
<S>                                                    <C>       <C>       <C>     
Net sales                                              $373,363  $383,255  $379,469
- -----------------------------------------------------  --------  --------  --------
Income (loss) before federal and foreign income taxes  $  6,709  $ 19,607  $ (7,966)
Federal and foreign income taxes                          2,610     6,960    (2,597)
- -----------------------------------------------------  --------  --------  --------
Net income (loss)                                      $  4,099  $ 12,647  $ (5,369)
====================================================================================
</TABLE>

Net assets of discontinued operations at December 31, 1995 have been segregated
in the Company's balance sheet. A breakout of the net assets is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
================================================================================
(thousands of dollars)                                                  1995
- -----------------------------------------------------------------     ---------
<S>                                                                   <C>      
Accounts and notes receivable - net                                   $ 61,633
Inventories                                                             38,378
Property, plant, and equipment - net                                   112,639
Accounts payable and other current liabilities                         (39,603)
Other assets and liabilities - net                                      (2,621)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------     ---------
                                                                      $170,426
================================================================================
</TABLE>


Under generally accepted accounting principles, no loss on discontinued
operations has been included based on management's best estimates of the amounts
expected to be realized on the sale of its Lubricants Group. While estimates are
based on an analysis of the facilities, including appraisals by investment
bankers, there have been limited recent sales of comparable properties to
consider in preparing such valuations. The amounts the Company will ultimately
realize could differ materially in the near term from the amounts assumed in
arriving at the gain anticipated on disposal of the discontinued operations.


F-21

<PAGE>
 
<PAGE>
                                      Witco Corporation and Subsidiary Companies
Quarterly Financial Data From Continuing Operations
(Unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands of dollars except per share data)
==============================================================================================================
                            1995                                                      1994
- -------  --------------------------------------------------    -----------------------------------------------
                                              Income (loss)                                           Income
                               Income (loss)      from                                    Income       from
                     Cost of       from        Continuing                    Cost of       from     Continuing
            Net       Goods     Continuing     Operations          Net        Goods     Continuing  Operations
Quarter    Sales      Sold(a)   Operations     Per Share          Sales       Sold(a)   Operations  Per Share
- -------  ---------  ----------  -----------    ----------      ----------   ----------  ----------  --------- 
<S>     <C>         <C>         <C>              <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>         <C> 
First   $  517,952  $  425,107  $ 30,270(b)      $ .54(b)      $  465,079   $  381,302   $19,970     $.37
Second     489,231     410,003    69,021(c)       1.22(c)         467,337      377,336    27,142(g)   .48(g)
Third      441,902     369,965    19,444(d)        .34(d)         457,388      378,643    22,656      .40
Fourth     535,992     446,439   (18,389)(e)(f)   (.32)(e)(f)     451,610      363,461    24,652      .45
- ------- ----------  ----------  --------         -----         ----------   ----------   -------    -----
        $1,985,077  $1,651,514  $100,346         $1.78         $1,841,414   $1,500,742   $94,420    $1.70
==============================================================================================================
</TABLE>

(a)   Includes depreciation and amortization.

(b)   Includes a gain of $6,196, or $.11 per common share, from the disposition
      of the Company's Battery Parts business.

(c)   Includes a gain of $27,073, or $.48 per common share, from the disposition
      of the Company's Carbon Black business, and a gain of $23,032, or $.40 per
      common share, as a result of settlements with certain of the company's
      insurers, net of related legal and other costs.

(d)   Includes a gain of $4,700, or $.08 per common share, as a result of
      settlements with certain of the company's insurers, net of related legal
      and other costs.

(e)   Includes a charge of $33,762, or $.60 per common share, related to plant
      consolidation, environmental remediation and litigation, and a gain of
      $6,645, or $.12 per common share, as a result of settlements with certain
      of the company's insurers, net of related legal and other costs.

(f)   Includes a loss of approximately $3,600, or $.06 per common share,
      attributable to the operations of OSi Specialties. This loss is net of an
      income tax benefit, goodwill amortization, and associated financing costs.

(g)   Includes a gain of $3,133, or $.06 per common share, from the disposition
      of the metal finishing and metalworking operations of a subsidiary.


                                                                            F-22





<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21
 
                   SUBSIDIARIES OF WITCO CORPORATION(1)(2)(3)
                             AS OF JANUARY 1, 1996
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             PERCENTAGE OF
                                                                           VOTING SECURITIES
                                                                           OWNED DIRECTLY OR        STATE OR
                                                                             INDIRECTLY BY         COUNTRY OF
                                                                           WITCO CORPORATION      ORGANIZATION
                                                                           ------------------    ---------------
 
<S>                                                                        <C>                   <C>
Aero Oil Company, Inc...................................................           100.0%        Indiana
Assured Insurance Company...............................................           100.0         Vermont
Baxenden Chemicals Limited..............................................            53.5         United Kingdom
Baxenden Scandinavia AS.................................................            53.5         Denmark
Beam Oil Company, Inc...................................................           100.0         Georgia
Celette Ltd.............................................................           100.0         Ireland
Enenco, Incorporated(4).................................................            50.0         New York
Firma W/K Witco EPA(4)..................................................            50.0         The Netherlands
Jonk BV.................................................................           100.0         The Netherlands
Nerap Expeditie BV......................................................           100.0         The Netherlands
OSi Specialties Asia Pacific Inc........................................           100.0         Delaware
OSi Specialties Asia Limited............................................           100.0         Hong Kong
OSi Specialties (Australia) Pty Ltd.....................................           100.0         Australia
OSi Specialties Benelux NV..............................................           100.0         Belgium
OSi Specialties Canada Inc..............................................           100.0         Canada
OSi Specialties China Limited...........................................           100.0         China
OSi Specialties Colombia Limitada.......................................           100.0         Colombia
OSi Specialties de Mexico S.A. de C.V...................................           100.0         Mexico
OSi Specialties do Brasil Ltda..........................................           100.0         Brazil
OSi Specialties Germany GmbH............................................           100.0         Germany
OSi Specialties Holding Company.........................................           100.0         Delaware
OSi Specialties Inc.....................................................           100.0         Delaware
OSi Specialties Inc. (Chile) Limitada...................................           100.0         Chile
OSi Specialties Italia S.p.A............................................           100.0         Italy
OSi Specialties (Korea) Limited.........................................           100.0         Korea
OSi Specialties (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd......................................           100.0         Malaysia
OSi Specialties New Zealand, Inc........................................           100.0         Delaware
OSi Specialties S.A.....................................................           100.0         Switzerland
OSi Specialties Singapore PTE Ltd.......................................           100.0         Singapore
OSi Specialties Thailand Co. TD.........................................           100.0         Thailand
OSi Specialties (U.K.) Ltd..............................................           100.0         United Kingdom
OSi Specialties USA, Inc................................................           100.0         Delaware
PT OSi Specialities.....................................................           100.0         Indonesia
Rinol AG(4).............................................................            10.0         Germany
Sherex Chemical Company, Inc............................................           100.0         Ohio
Southwest Petro-Chem, Inc...............................................           100.0         Delaware
Witco Asia Pacific PTE Ltd..............................................           100.0         Singapore
Witco Australia Pty Limited.............................................           100.0         Australia
Witco BV................................................................           100.0         The Netherlands
Witco Canada Inc........................................................           100.0         Canada
Witco Corporation UK Limited............................................           100.0         United Kingdom
</TABLE>
 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             PERCENTAGE OF
                                                                           VOTING SECURITIES
                                                                           OWNED DIRECTLY OR        STATE OR
                                                                             INDIRECTLY BY         COUNTRY OF
                                                                           WITCO CORPORATION      ORGANIZATION
                                                                           ------------------    ---------------
<S>                                                                        <C>                   <C>
Witco Deutschland GmbH..................................................           100.0%        Germany
Witco do Brasil Ltda....................................................           100.0         Brazil
Witco Dominion Financial Services Company, Ltd..........................           100.0         Canada
Witco Ecuador S.A.......................................................           100.0         Ecuador
Witco Espana, S.L.......................................................           100.0         Spain
Witco Europe Financial Services Co......................................           100.0         Delaware
Witco Europe Investment Partners........................................           100.0         Delaware
Witco Financial Services Co.............................................           100.0         Ireland
Witco Foreign Sales Corporation.........................................           100.0         Barbados
Witco GmbH..............................................................           100.0         Germany
Witco Grand Banks, Inc..................................................           100.0         Canada
Witco Handels GmbH......................................................           100.0         Austria
Witco International Corporation.........................................           100.0         New Jersey
Witco Investment Holdings BV............................................           100.0         The Netherlands
Witco Investments BV....................................................           100.0         The Netherlands
Witco Investments SNC...................................................           100.0         France
Witco Italiana SRL......................................................           100.0         Italy
Witco Ltd...............................................................            60.0         Israel
Witco Marketing and Distribution Ltd....................................            60.0         Israel
Witco Mexico S.A. de C.V................................................           100.0         Mexico
Witco Polymers and Resins BV............................................           100.0         The Netherlands
Witco S.A...............................................................           100.0         France
Witco Solvay Duromer GmbH(4)............................................            50.0         Germany
Witco Specialties PTE Ltd...............................................           100.0         Singapore
Witco Surfactants GmbH..................................................           100.0         Germany
Witco Warmtekracht BV...................................................           100.0         The Netherlands
</TABLE>
- ------------
 
Notes:
 
(1) The  Company lists  the business  entities in  which it  has investments for
    information purposes only.  Such listing is  not to be  deemed an  admission
    that these business entities are under the control of the Company within the
    meaning  of the General Rules and  Regulations under the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934.
 
(2) With respect  to  certain subsidiaries,  shares  in names  of  nominees  and
    qualifying   shares  in  names  of  directors  are  included  in  the  above
    percentages.
 
(3) With the exception of the companies  covered by footnote (4), the  companies
    named are included in the consolidated financial statements.
 
(4) The  Company records in the consolidated  financial statements its equity in
    undistributed earnings (losses) of these unconsolidated entities.
 
<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23
 
                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
 
     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration  Statement
(Form  S-3,  No.  33-45865)  and  the  Post-effective  Amendment  No.  2  to the
Registration Statement (Form S-3, No. 33-58066), each pertaining to the issuance
of debentures, the Post-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration  Statement
(Form  S-3,  No. 33-58120),  pertaining  to the  issuance  of common  stock, the
Registration Statement (Form S-3,  No. 33-65203) pertaining  to the issuance  of
notes  and debentures,  the Post-effective Amendment  No. 2  to the Registration
Statement (Form  S-8,  No. 33-10715),  Post-effective  Amendment No.  1  to  the
Registration  Statements (Form S-8, Nos. 33-30995 and 33-45194), each pertaining
to stock option  plans of  Witco Corporation, the  Registration Statement  (Form
S-8, No. 33-48806), pertaining to an employee benefit plan of Witco Corporation,
and  the Registration Statement (Form S-8, No. 33-60755), pertaining to the 1995
Stock Option Plan  for Employees of  Witco and its  Subsidiaries, of our  report
dated  January 29,  1996 (except Note  7, as to  which the date  is February 12,
1996), with respect  to the  consolidated financial statements  and schedule  of
Witco  Corporation and Subsidiary Companies for the year ended December 31, 1995
included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K).
 
ERNST & YOUNG LLP
 
Stamford, Connecticut
March 19, 1996


<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>ART.5 FDS ANNUAL 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                              5
<MULTIPLIER>                           1,000
       
<S>                                    <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                               12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                      DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                           DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                     143,994
<SECURITIES>                                     0
<RECEIVABLES>                              413,590
<ALLOWANCES>                                 7,104
<INVENTORY>                                322,898
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                           944,045
<PP&E>                                   1,398,262
<DEPRECIATION>                             586,595
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                           2,772,444
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                      694,465
<BONDS>                                    683,830
<COMMON>                                   282,173
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                            0
<PREFERRED>                                      7
<OTHER-SE>                                 721,937
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>             2,772,444
<SALES>                                  1,985,077
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                         2,000,181
<CGS>                                    1,651,514
<TOTAL-COSTS>                            1,651,514
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                             2,615
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                          43,689
<INCOME-PRETAX>                            160,804
<INCOME-TAX>                                60,458
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                        100,346
<DISCONTINUED>                               4,099
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                  0
<CHANGES>                                        0
<NET-INCOME>                               104,445
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                 1.85
<EPS-DILUTED>                                 1.84
        


<PAGE>

</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
