-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VUkPsMPcwWHCxF5mzJhjNrDWzBGmoCg8BAUGZjkcqPSkw4KDoZBLt9x3hpCc2EM3
 6Ls5oisgW8noe0jkfBFGQQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000895759-96-000037.txt : 19960401
<SEC-HEADER>0000895759-96-000037.hdr.sgml : 19960401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000895759-96-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960329
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED TELEVISION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000352942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				410778377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08411
		FILM NUMBER:		96541184

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		132 SOUTH RODEO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212-2425
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3102814844

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		132 SOUTH RODEO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212-2425
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


                   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                         Washington, D.C. 20549
                         -----------------------

                                FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
   [X]    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
             SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
               For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995

                                   OR

   [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
            SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]
         For the transition period from __________ to __________

                      Commission file number 1-8411

                         UNITED TELEVISION, INC.
         (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         Delaware                                    41-0778377
(State or other jurisdiction of                  (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                   Identification No.)

132 S. Rodeo Drive, Fourth Floor
        Beverly Hills, California                      90212
(Address of principal executive offices)             (Zip Code)  

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 281-4844

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:        None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                      Common Stock, $.10 par value
                            (Title of class)


   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes 
[ X ]   No  [    ]

   Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ X ] 

   The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, as of February 29, 1996, was approximately $346,826,000.

   As of February 29, 1996 there were 9,652,088 shares of the registrant's 
Common Stock outstanding.

<PAGE>

                          DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
   
         The documents incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and 
the Parts hereof into which such documents are incorporated are listed 
below:   


              Document                              Part   
              
   Those portions of the registrant's                II
   annual report to stockholders for
   the fiscal year ended December 31,
   1995 (the "Annual Report") that are
   specifically identified heein as 
   incorporated by reference into this
   Form 10-K.

   Those portions of the registrant's                III
   proxy statement for the registrant's
   1996 Annual Meeting (the "Proxy
   Statement") that are specifically
   identified herein as incorporated by
   reference into this Form 10-K.

                                  2
                                  
<PAGE>

                                 PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.

                                             General

         United Television, Inc. ("UTV"), the registrant, was organized in 
1956 under the laws of the State of Delaware.  UTV is the majority owned 
(57.1% at February 29, 1996) subsidiary of BHC Communications, Inc. ("BHC"), 
which is a majority owned (74.4% at February 29, 1996) subsidiary of 
Chris-Craft Industries, Inc. ("Chris-Craft").  UTV operates five of BHC's 
eight television stations that comprise Chris-Craft's Television Division.

         At February 29, 1996, UTV had 517 full-time employees and 72 part-
time employees.


                                     Television Broadcasting

         UTV operates three very high frequency ("VHF") television stations 
and two ultra high frequency ("UHF") television stations.  Commercial 
television broadcasting in the United States is conducted on 68 channels 
numbered 2 through 69.  Channels 2 through 13 are in the VHF band, and 
channels 14 through 69 are in the UHF band.  In general, UHF stations are 
at a disadvantage relative to VHF stations, because UHF frequencies are more 
difficult for households to receive.  This disadvantage is eliminated when 
a viewer receives the UHF station through a cable system.

         Commercial broadcast television stations may be either affiliated 
with one of the three major national networks (ABC, NBC and CBS); three more 
recently established national networks (Fox Broadcasting Company ("Fox"), 
United Paramount Network ("UPN"), and The WB Network ("WB")), which provide 
substantially fewer hours of programming; or may be independent.  UPN, 
formed by BHC, along with the Paramount Television Group, a unit of Viacom 
Inc., began broadcasting a total of four hours of original prime time 
programming over two nights per week in January 1995 and expanded to a 
third night in March 1996.  UTV and BHC stations that had formerly been
independent are now UPN affiliates.

         The following table sets forth certain information with respect 
to UTV stations and their respective markets:

                                  3
                                  
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Total
                                                Commercial
                         DMA TV                 Stations      DMA
Station and              House-      DMA        Operating in  Cable TV
Location (a)    Channel  Holds (b)   Rank (b)   Market (c)    Penetration (d)
- ------------    -------  ---------   --------   ------------  ---------------
<S>                <C>   <C>           <C>         <C>            <C>
KMSP               9     1,412,030     14th         4VHF          50%
  Minneapolis/                                      3UHF
     St. Paul   

KTVX               4       656,060     36th         4VHF          54%
  Salt Lake City                                    2UHF

KMOL               4       638,080     37th         3VHF          64% 
  San Antonio                                       3UHF
  
KBHK               44    2,257,210      5th         4VHF          70%
  San Francisco                                    10UHF

KUTP               45    1,169,530     17th         4VHF          57%
  Phoenix                                           4UHF

_______________

(a)      All stations are UPN affiliates, except for KTVX, an ABC affiliate, 
         and KMOL, an NBC affiliate.

(b)      Designated Market Area ("DMA") is an exclusive geographic area 
         consisting of all counties in which the home-market commercial 
         stations received a preponderance of total viewing hours.  The 
         ranking shown is the nationwide rank, in terms of television 
         households in DMA, of the market served by the station.  
         Source:  Nielsen Media Research television households universe 
         estimates.

(c)      Additional channels have been allocated by the Federal 
         Communications Commission ("FCC") for activation as commercial
         television stations in certain of these markets.  Also, additional 
         stations may be located within the respective DMAs of UTV stations 
         but outside the greater metropolitan television markets in which 
         UTV stations operate.

(d)      Cable penetration refers to the percentage of DMA television 
         viewing households receiving cable television service, as estimated
         by Nielsen Media Research.

         Television stations derive their revenues primarily from selling 
advertising time.  The television advertising sales market consists 
primarily of national network advertising, national spot advertising and 
local spot advertising.  An advertiser wishing to reach a nationwide
audience usually purchases advertising time directly from the national 
networks, "superstations" (i.e., broadcast stations carried by cable
operators in areas outside their broadcast coverage area), barter program 
syndicators, national basic cable networks, or "unwired" networks (groups 
of otherwise unrelated stations whose advertising time is combined for 
national sale).  A national advertiser wishing to reach a particular 
regional or local audience usually buys advertising time from local 
stations through national advertising sales representative firms having 
contractual arrangements with local stations to solicit such advertising.  
Local businesses generally purchase advertising from the stations' local 
sales staffs.

         Television stations compete for television advertising revenue 
primarily with other television stations serving the same DMA.  There are 
211 DMAs in the United States.  DMAs are ranked annually by the estimated 
number of households owning a television set within the DMA.  Advertising 
rates that a television station can command vary in part with the size, 
in terms of television households, of the DMA served by the station.

                                  4

<PAGE>

         Within a DMA, the advertising rates charged by competing stations 
depend primarily on three factors:  the stations' program ratings, the time 
of day the advertising will run, and the demographic qualities of a 
program's viewers (primarily age and sex).  Ratings data for television 
markets are measured by A.C. Nielsen Co. ("Nielsen").  This rating service 
uses two terms to quantify a station's audience:  rating points and share 
points.  A rating point represents one percent of all television households 
in the entire DMA tuned to a particular station, and a share point 
represents one percent of all television households within the DMA actually 
using at least one television set at the time of measurement and tuned to 
the station in question.

         Because the major networks regularly provide first-run programming 
during prime time viewing hours (in general, 8:00 P.M. to 11:00 P.M. 
Eastern/Pacific time), their affiliates generally (but do not always) 
achieve higher audience shares, but have substantially less advertising 
time ("inventory") to sell, during those hours, than affiliates of the 
newer networks or independent stations, since the major networks use almost 
all of their affiliates' prime time inventory for network shows.  
Although the newer networks generally use the same amount of their 
affiliates' inventory during network broadcasts, the newer networks 
provide less programming; accordingly, their affiliates, as well as 
non-affiliated stations, generally have substantially more inventory for 
sale than the major-network affiliates.  The newer network affiliates' 
and independent stations' smaller audiences and greater inventory during 
prime time hours generally result in lower advertising rates charged and 
more advertising time sold during those hours, as compared with major 
affiliates' larger audiences and limited inventory, which generally allow 
the major-network affiliates to charge higher advertising rates for prime 
time programming.  By selling more advertising time, the new-network or 
independent station typically achieves a share of advertising revenues in 
its market greater than its audience ratings.  On the other hand, total 
programming costs for such a station, because it broadcasts more syndicated 
programming than a major-network affiliate, are generally higher than 
those of a major-network affiliate in the same market.  These differences 
have been reduced by the growth of the Fox network, which currently 
provides 15 weekly hours of programming during prime time and additional 
programming in other periods, and would be reduced further if the other 
newer networks should be successful in providing expanded schedules of 
programming.  

         In July 1995, the FCC repealed, effective August 30, 1996, its 
prime time access rule, which limited broadcasts, by major-network 
affiliates in the 50 largest markets, of "off network" entertainment 
programming.  Among other effects, elimination of this rule is expected to 
increase the competition faced by new-network affiliates and independent 
stations in bidding for the rights to popular "off network" shows.


         Programming

         UTV's UPN stations depend heavily on independent third parties for 
programming, as do KTVX and KMOL for their non-network broadcasts.  
Recognizing the need to have a more direct influence on the quality of 
programming available to its stations, and desiring to participate in 
potential profits through national syndication of programming, UTV has 
begun to invest directly in the development of original programming.  The 
aggregate amount invested in original programming through December 31, 1995 
was not significant to UTV's financial position.  UTV television stations 
also produce programming directed to meet the needs and interests of the 
area served, such as local news and events, public affairs programming, 
children's programming and sports.

         In January 1995, UPN began broadcasting four hours of original 
prime time programming per week, of which one hour consists of Star Trek: 
Voyager, a science fiction adventure.  In March 1996, UPN increased its 
weekly prime time programming to six hours.  The network also broadcasts 
two hours of previously exhibited movies on Saturday afternoons and one 
hour of original children's programming on Sunday mornings, which it plans 
to increase to two hours, commencing in September 1996.  UPN intends, over 
the next several years, to expand its prime time programming to five nights 
per week, as well as to begin broadcasting in other day parts.

         UPN's primary affiliate station agreements have three year terms 
and provide commercial time to the stations as consideration for 
broadcasting the network's programming.  


                                  5

<PAGE>

         Programs obtained from independent sources consist principally of 
syndicated television shows, many of which have been shown previously on a 
major network, and syndicated feature films, which were either made for 
network television or have been exhibited previously in motion picture 
theaters (most of which films have been shown previously on network or 
cable television).  Syndicated programs are sold to individual stations to 
be broadcast one or more times.  Television stations not affiliated with a 
major network generally have large numbers of syndication contracts; each 
contract is a license for a particular series or program that usually 
prohibits licensing the same programming to other television stations in 
the same market.  A single syndication source may provide a number of 
different series or programs.  

         Licenses for syndicated programs are often offered for cash sale 
(i.e., without any barter element) to stations; however, some are offered 
on a barter or cash plus barter basis.  In the case of a cash sale, the 
station purchases the right to broadcast the program, or a series of 
programs, and sells advertising time during the broadcast.  The cash price 
of such programming varies, depending on the perceived desirability of the 
program and whether it comes with commercials that must be broadcast (i.e., 
on a cash plus barter basis).  Barter programming is offered to stations 
for no cash consideration, but comes with a greater number of commercials 
that must be broadcast, and therefore, with less inventory.  

         In recent years, the amount of barter and cash plus barter 
programming broadcast both industry-wide and by UTV stations has increased 
substantially.  Barter and cash plus barter programming reduce both the 
amount of cash required for program purchases and the amount of time 
available for sale.  Although the direct impact on broadcasters' operating 
income generally is believed to be neutral, program distributors that 
acquire barter air time compete with television stations and broadcasting 
networks for sales of air time.  UTV believes that the effect of barter on 
its television stations is not significantly different from its impact 
on the industry as a whole.

         UTV television stations are frequently required to make substantial 
financial commitments to obtain syndicated programming while such programming 
is still being broadcast by another network and before it is available for 
broadcast by UTV stations or even before it has been produced.  Generally, 
syndication contracts require the station to acquire an entire program 
series, before the number of episodes of original showings that will be 
produced has been determined.  While analyses of network audiences are used 
in estimating the value and potential profitability of such programming, 
there is no assurance that a successful network program will continue to 
be successful or profitable when broadcast after initial network airing.  
FCC rules limiting the ability of major networks to acquire financial 
interests in independently produced programming or prohibiting such networks 
from syndicating programs terminated in 1995.  Elimination of the restraints 
is expected to result in increased competition by the major networks for 
production and syndication of first-run programming.

         Pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, commitments 
for programming not available for broadcast are not recorded as liabilities 
until the programming becomes available for broadcast, at which time the 
related contract right is also recorded as an asset.  UTV television 
stations had unamortized film contract rights for programming available for 
telecasting and deposits on film contracts for programming not available for 
telecasting aggregating $35,286,000 as of December 31, 1995.  The stations 
were committed for film and sports rights contracts aggregating $40,340,000 
for programming not available for broadcasting as of that date.  License 
periods for particular programs or films generally run from one to five 
years.  Long-term contracts for the broadcast of syndicated television 
series generally provide for an initial telecast and subsequent reruns for 
a period of years, with full payment to be made by the station over a period 
of time shorter than the rerun period.  See Notes 1(E), 3 and 9 of Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         KTVX and KMOL are primary affiliates of their respective networks.  
Network programs are produced either by the networks themselves or by 
independent production companies and are transmitted by the networks to 
their affiliated stations for broadcast. 

                                  6
                                  
<PAGE>

         Generally, in the past, major network primary affiliation agreements 
were automatically renewed for two-year periods (unless advance written 
notice of termination was given by either the affiliate or the network).  
More recently, however, most networks have begun to enter into affiliation 
agreements for terms as long as ten years.  UTV is discussing long-term 
affiliation agreements for KTVX and KMOL.  Current FCC rules do not limit 
the duration of such agreements.  

         An affiliation agreement gives the affiliate the right to broadcast 
all programs transmitted by the network.  The affiliate must run in its 
entirety, together with all network commercials, any network programming 
the affiliate elects or is required to broadcast, and is allowed to broadcast 
a limited number of commercials it has sold.  For each hour of programming 
broadcast by the affiliate, the major networks generally have paid their 
affiliates a fee, specified in the agreement (although subject to change 
by the network), which varies in amount depending on the time of day during 
which the program is broadcast and other factors. Prime time programming 
generally earns the highest fee.  A network may, and sometimes does, 
designate certain programs to be broadcast with no compensation to the 
station.

         Subject to certain limitations contained in the affiliation 
agreement, an affiliate may accept or reject a program offered by the
network and instead broadcast programming from another source.  Rejection 
of a program gives the network the right to offer that program to another 
station in the area.


         Sources of Revenue

         The principal source of revenues for UTV stations is the sale of 
advertising time to national and local advertisers.  Such time sales are 
represented by spot announcements purchased to run between programs and 
program segments and by program sponsorship.  The relative contributions 
of national and local advertising to UTV's gross cash advertising revenues 
vary from time to time.  During the year ended December 31, 1995, national 
advertising contributed 37%, and local advertising contributed 63%, of total 
gross cash advertising revenues.  Most advertising contracts are short-term.  
Like that of the television broadcasting business generally, UTV's television 
business is seasonal.  In terms of revenues, generally the fourth quarter 
is strongest, followed by the second, third and first.

         Advertising is generally placed with UTV stations through 
advertising agencies, which are allowed a commission generally equal to 15% 
of the price of advertising placed.  National advertising time is usually 
sold through a national sales representative, which also receives a 
commission, while local advertising time is sold by each station's sales 
staff.  In July 1995, UTV established a national sales representative
organization, United Television Sales, Inc. ("UTS"), to represent, initially, 
all UTV and BHC stations.  Practices with respect to sale of advertising 
time do not differ markedly between UTV's major network and UPN stations, 
although the major-network affiliated stations have less inventory to sell.  


         Government Regulation

         Television broadcasting operations are subject to the jurisdiction 
of the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the 
"Communications Act").  The Communications Act empowers the FCC, among other 
things, to issue, revoke or modify broadcast licenses, to assign frequencies, 
to determine the locations of stations, to regulate the broadcasting 
equipment used by stations, to establish areas to be served, to adopt such 
regulations as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of the 
Communications Act and to impose certain penalties for violation of its 
regulations.  UTV television stations are subject to a wide range of 
technical, reporting and operational requirements imposed by the 
Communications Act or by FCC rules and policies.  The Communications Act 
was recently and substantially amended by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 
(the "Telecom Act"), some provisions of which have been incorporated into 
the FCC's rules and regulations during the past month, and other provisions 
of which will be incorporated over the next several months.

                                  7

<PAGE>

         The Communications Act provides that a license may be granted to 
any applicant if the public interest, convenience and necessity will be 
served thereby, subject to certain limitations, including the requirement 
that the FCC allocate licenses, frequencies, hours of operation and power 
in a manner that will provide a fair, efficient and equitable distribution 
of service throughout the United States.  Television licenses generally have 
been issued for five-year terms, but the Telecom Act permits the FCC to 
issue such licenses and their renewals for up to eight years.  Upon 
application, and in the absence of adverse questions as to the licensee's 
qualifications or operations, television licenses have usually been renewed 
for additional terms without a hearing by the FCC.  An existing license 
automatically continues in effect once a timely renewal application has been 
filed until a final FCC decision is issued.

         KMSP's license renewal was granted on April 15, 1993, and is due to 
expire on April 1, 1998.  KTVX's license renewal was granted on September 29, 
1993, and is due to expire on October 1, 1998.  KUTP's license renewal was 
granted on March 28, 1994, and is due to expire on October 1, 1998.  KBHK's 
license renewal was granted on October 2, 1995, and is due to expire on 
December 1, 1998.  KMOL's license renewal was granted on August 18, 1995, 
and is due to expire on August 1, 1998.  In September 1995, an administrative
appeal of the grant of KMOL's renewal was filed, challenging the FCC staff's 
determination that KMOL had complied with FCC requirements concerning equal 
employment opportunity.  KMOL has vigorously opposed this appeal, which UTV 
believes is without merit.  

         Under existing FCC regulations governing multiple ownership of 
broadcast stations, a license to operate a television station generally will 
not be granted to any party (or parties under common control), if such party 
directly or indirectly owns, operates, controls or has an attributable 
interest in another television or radio station serving the same market or 
area.  The FCC, however, is favorably disposed to grant waivers of this rule 
for radio station-television station ownership combinations in the top 25 
television markets, in which there will be at least 30 separately owned, 
operated and controlled broadcast stations, and in certain other 
circumstances.  The Telecom Act directs the FCC to extend this waiver policy 
to the top 50 markets, consistent with the public interest, and to conduct 
a rule-making proceeding to determine whether to retain or modify the 
current restriction on same-market multiple television station ownership.

         FCC regulations further provide that a broadcast license will not 
be granted if that grant would result in a concentration of control of radio 
and television broadcasting in a manner inconsistent with the public 
interest, convenience or necessity.  Prior to adoption of the Telecom Act, 
FCC rules had deemed such concentration of control to exist if any party, 
or any of its officers, directors or stockholders, directly or indirectly, 
owned, operated, controlled or had an attributable interest in more than 12 
television stations, or in television stations capable of reaching, in the 
aggregate, a maximum of 25% of the national audience.  This percentage is 
determined by the DMA market rankings of the percentage of the nation's 
television households considered within each market.  Because of certain 
limitations of the UHF signal, however, the FCC will attribute only 50% of 
a market's DMA reach to owners of UHF stations for the purpose of calculating 
the audience reach limits.  Applying the 50% reach attribution rule to UHF 
stations KBHK and KUTP, the eight BHC stations are deemed to reach 
approximately 18% of the nation's television households.  The Telecom Act 
directed the FCC to eliminate the numerical limitation on television station 
ownership and to increase the maximum national audience reach limit to 35%, 
and the FCC has adopted such changes.  The FCC is also considering whether 
to eliminate the 50% attribution reduction under this rule for UHF stations.

         The FCC's multiple ownership rules require the attribution of the 
licenses held by a broadcasting company to its officers, directors and 
certain of its stockholders, so there would ordinarily be a violation of FCC 
regulations where an officer, director or such a stockholder and a television 
broadcasting company together hold interests in more than the permitted 
number of stations or more than one station that serves the same area.  
In the case of a corporation controlling or operating television stations, 
such as UTV, there is attribution only to stockholders who own 5% or more 
of the voting stock, except for institutional investors, including mutual 
funds, insurance companies and banks acting in a fiduciary capacity, which 
may own up to 10% of the voting stock without being subject to 

                                  8

<PAGE>

such attribution, provided that such entities exercise no control over 
the management or policies of the broadcasting company.  

         The FCC has begun a proceeding to consider modification of the 
various TV ownership restrictions described above, as well as changes in 
the rules for attributing the licenses held by an enterprise to various 
parties. UTV cannot predict the outcome of the FCC proceedings.

         FCC regulations currently prevent a national sales representative 
organization, such as UTS, which is commonly owned with a national network 
such as UPN, from representing affiliates of that network other than 
affiliates that are also under common ownership with the network.  FCC 
regulations also place restrictions on provisions of agreements between 
networks and their affiliates relating to network exclusivity, territorial 
exclusivity, time optioning, and pre-emption rights.  The FCC is conducting 
rule-making proceedings to consider whether to retain, modify, or eliminate 
these regulations.  UTV is unable to predict the outcome of these 
proceedings.

         As required by the Telecom Act, the FCC recently amended another of 
its regulations, the dual network rule, which generally had prohibited 
common ownership or control of two television broadcast networks.  Ownership 
and control of two or more such networks will now be permitted, except for 
common ownership or control between two of ABC, NBC, CBS, and Fox, or any 
one of those four networks and either UPN or WB.

         The Telecom Act directs the FCC to conduct a rule-making proceeding 
to require the inclusion, in all television sets 13 inches or larger, of a 
feature (commonly referred to as the V-chip) designed to enable viewers to 
block display of programs carrying a common rating and authorizes the FCC 
to establish an advisory committee to recommend a system for rating video 
programming that contains sexual, violent, or other indecent material about 
which parents should be informed, before it is displayed to children, if 
the television industry does not establish a satisfactory voluntary rating 
system of its own.  Industry leaders have announced their intention to 
establish a voluntary rating system by the end of 1996.  The Telecom Act 
also directs the FCC to adopt regulations requiring increased closed-
captioning of video programming and to conduct an inquiry into the use of 
audio-narrated descriptions of video programming that could increase the 
accessibility of such programming to persons with visual impairments.
 
         FCC regulations prohibit the holder of an attributable interest 
in a television station from having an attributable interest in a cable 
television system located within the predicted coverage area of that 
station.  FCC regulations also prohibit the holder of an attributable 
interest in a television station from having an attributable interest in a 
daily newspaper located within the predicted coverage area of that station.  
The FCC intends to conduct a rule-making proceeding to consider possible 
modification of this latter regulation.

         The Communications Act limits the amount of capital stock that 
aliens (including their representatives, foreign governments, their
representatives, and entities organized under the laws of a foreign country) 
may own in a television station licensee or any corporation directly or 
indirectly controlling such licensee.  No more than 20% of a licensee's 
capital stock and, if the FCC so determines, no more than 25% of the capital 
stock of a company controlling a licensee, may be owned, directly or 
indirectly, or voted by aliens or their representatives.  Should alien 
ownership exceed this limit, the FCC may revoke or refuse to grant or 
renew a television station license or approve the assignment or transfer 
of such license.  UTV believes the ownership by aliens of its stock to be 
below the applicable limit.

         The Communications Act prohibits the assignment of a broadcast 
license or the transfer of control of a licensee without the prior approval 
of the FCC.  Legislation was introduced in the past that would impose a 
transfer fee on sales of broadcast properties.  Although that legislation 
was not adopted, similar proposals, or a general spectrum licensing fee, 
may be advanced and adopted in the future.  Recent legislation has imposed 
annual regulatory fees applicable to UTV stations, currently ranging as 
high as $19,925 per station.

                                  9

<PAGE>

         The foregoing does not purport to be a complete summary of all the 
provisions of the Communications Act or regulations and policies of the FCC 
thereunder.  Reference is made to the Communications Act, such regulations 
and the public notices promulgated by the FCC for further information.

         Other Federal agencies, including principally the Federal Trade 
Commission, also impose a variety of requirements that affect the business 
and operations of broadcast stations.  Proposals for additional or revised 
requirements are considered by the FCC, other Federal agencies or Congress 
from time to time.  UTV cannot predict what new or revised Federal 
requirements may result from such consideration or what impact, if any, 
such requirements might have upon the operation of UTV television stations.


         Competition

         UTV television stations compete for advertising revenue in their 
respective markets, primarily with other broadcast television stations 
and cable television channels, and compete with other advertising media 
as well.  Such competition is intense.  

         In addition to programming, management ability and experience, 
technical factors and television network affiliations are important in 
determining competitive position.  Competitive success of a television 
station depends primarily on public response to the programs broadcast 
by the station in relation to competing entertainment, and the results 
of this competition affect the advertising revenues earned by the station 
from the sale of advertising time.

         Audience ratings provided by Nielsen have a direct bearing on the 
competitive position of television stations.  In general, major network 
programs achieve higher ratings than programs of other stations.

         There are at least five other commercial television stations in 
each market served by a UTV station.  UTV believes that, in Minneapolis/St. 
Paul, KMSP generally attracts a smaller viewing audience than the three 
major VHF network-affiliated stations, but a larger viewing audience than 
the other three stations, all of which are UHF stations.  In Salt Lake City, 
KTVX generally ranks first of the six television stations in terms of 
audience share.  In San Antonio, KMOL generally ranks first of the six 
stations in terms of audience share.  Of the 14 commercial television 
stations in San Francisco, KBHK generally ranks fifth in terms of audience 
share, behind the three major network-affiliated VHF television stations, 
and the VHF Fox affiliate.  KUTP generally ranks sixth in terms of audience 
share, of the eight commercial stations in the Phoenix market.

         UTV stations may face increased competition in the future from 
additional television stations that may enter their respective markets. 
See note (c) to the table under Television Broadcasting.

         Cable television has become a major competitor of television 
broadcasting stations.  Because cable television systems operate in each 
market served by a UTV station, the stations are affected by rules governing 
cable operations.  If a station is not widely accessible by cable in those 
markets having strong cable penetration, it may lose effective access to a 
significant portion of the local audience.  Even if a television station 
is carried on a local cable system, an unfavorable channel position on the 
cable system may adversely affect the station's audience ratings and, in 
some circumstances, a television set's ability to receive the station being 
carried on an unfavorable channel position.  Some cable system operators may 
be inclined to place broadcast stations in unfavorable channel locations.  
Similar competitive effects may be expected from video delivery systems 
offered by local telephone companies, as permitted by the provisions of 
the Telecom Act.

         FCC regulations requiring cable television stations to carry or 
reserve channels for retransmission of local broadcast signals have twice 
been invalidated in Federal court.  In October 1992, Congress enacted 
legislation designed to provide television broadcast stations the right to 
be carried on cable television stations (and to be carried on specific 
cable channel positions), or (at the broadcaster's election) to prohibit 
cable carriage of the television broadcast station without its consent.  
This law is currently being challenged in the Federal courts, and UTV 
cannot predict the outcome.  The Telecom Act extends the must-carry 
requirements to the video delivery systems of local 

                                  10

<PAGE>

telephone companies, and these extended requirements may also be affected 
by the pending court challenge.  While Federal law has until recently
generally prohibited local telephone companies from providing video 
programming to subscribers in their service areas, this restriction has been 
held constitutionally invalid by eight federal district courts.  Two such 
rulings have been affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals, one by the 
Fourth Circuit and one by the Ninth Circuit, and the Supreme Court has heard 
oral argument with respect to the Fourth Circuit case.  This prohibition 
has been substantially eliminated by the Telecom Act, and the Supreme Court 
has consequently remanded the case to the Circuit Court for further 
consideration.  The FCC has also initiated a rule-making proceeding to 
consider rules for "Open Video Systems" -- a new structure of video delivery 
system authorized by the Telecom Act for provision by local telephone 
companies and, if permitted by the FCC, others.  UTV is unable to predict 
the outcome or effect of these developments.

         "Syndicated exclusivity" rules allow television stations to prevent 
local cable operators from importing distant television programming that 
duplicates syndicated programming in which local stations have acquired 
exclusive rights.  In conjunction with these rules, network nonduplication 
rules protect the exclusivity of major-network broadcast programming within 
the local video marketplace.  The FCC is also reviewing its "territorial 
exclusivity" rule, which limits the area in which a broadcaster can obtain 
exclusive rights to video programming.  UTV believes that the competitive 
position of UTV stations would likely be enhanced by an expansion of 
broadcasters' permitted zones of exclusivity.

         Alternative technologies could increase competition in the areas 
served by UTV stations and, consequently, could adversely affect their 
profitability.  Two direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") systems currently 
provide service, and others are expected to begin service later in 1996.  
The number of subscribers to DBS services more than doubled during 1995, 
from approximately 600,000 at the end of 1994, to approximately 1.7 million.  
An additional challenge is now posed by wireless cable systems, including 
multichannel distribution services ("MDS").  At the end of 1994, wireless 
cable systems served about 800,000 subscribers.  Two four-channel MDS 
licenses have been granted in most television markets.  MDS operation can 
provide commercial programming on a paid basis.  A similar service can also 
be offered using the instructional television fixed service ("ITFS").  
The FCC now allows the educational entities that hold ITFS licenses to 
lease their "excess" capacity for commercial purposes.  The multichannel 
capacity of ITFS could be combined with either an existing single channel 
MDS or a newer multichannel multi-point distribution service to increase 
the number of available channels offered by an individual operator.  The
emergence of home satellite dish antennas has also made it possible for 
individuals to receive a host of video programming options via satellite
transmission.

         Technological developments in television transmission have created 
the possibility that one or more of the broadcast and nonbroadcast 
television media will provide enhanced or "high definition" pictures and 
sound to the public of a quality that is technically superior to that of 
the pictures and sound currently available.  It is not yet clear when and 
to what extent technology of this kind will be available to the various 
television media; whether and how television broadcast stations will be able 
to avail themselves of these improvements; whether all television broadcast 
stations will be afforded sufficient spectrum to do so; what channels will 
be assigned to each of them to permit them to do so; whether viewing 
audiences will make choices among services upon the basis of such 
differences; or, if they would, whether significant additional expense 
would be required for television stations to provide such services.  Many 
segments of the television industry are intensively studying enhanced and 
"high definition" television technology.  A proceeding is under way at the 
FCC regarding policies concerning advanced television service, including 
"high definition" service.  The Telecom Act, as well as proposed federal 
legislation, addresses several of these issues, and some members of Congress 
support auctioning or otherwise charging broadcasters for use of spectrum
designated for "high definition" television use.  The Telecom Act, in 
particular, authorizes the FCC, if it chooses, to issue the initial 
licenses for new advanced television broadcast stations exclusively to 
existing television station licensees and permittees, provided that they 
are required to surrender either their old or new licenses after a period 
of time to be specified by the FCC.  The Telecom Act also directs the FCC 
to adopt regulations regarding ancillary uses of such new licenses and the 
collection of fees for certain ancillary uses.  UTV is unable to predict
the outcome of these legislative proposals or rule-making proceedings.

                                  11
      
<PAGE>

         The broadcasting industry is continuously faced with technological 
changes, competing entertainment and communications media and governmental 
restrictions or actions of Federal regulatory bodies, including the FCC.  
These technological changes may include the introduction of digital 
compression by cable systems that would significantly increase the number 
and availability of cable program services with which UTV stations compete 
for audience and revenue, the establishment of interactive video services, 
and the offering of multimedia services that include data networks and other 
computer technologies.  Such factors have affected, and will continue to 
affect, the revenue growth and profitability of UTV.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.

         Physical facilities consisting of offices and studio facilities 
are owned by UTV in Minneapolis, San Antonio and Phoenix and are leased 
in Salt Lake City and San Francisco.  The Salt Lake City lease agreement 
expires in 1999 and is renewable, at an increased rental, for two five-year 
periods.  The San Francisco lease expires in 2007.

         The Minneapolis facility includes approximately 49,700 square feet 
of space on a 5.63-acre site.  The Salt Lake City facility is approximately 
30,400 square feet on a 2.53-acre site.  The San Antonio facility is 
approximately 41,000 square feet on a .92-acre site.  The San Francisco 
facility is approximately 27,700 square feet in downtown San Francisco.  The 
Phoenix facility is approximately 26,400 square feet on a 3.03-acre site.  
Smaller buildings containing transmission equipment are owned by UTV at 
sites separate from the studio facilities.

         UTV owns a 55-acre tract in Shoreview, Minnesota, of which 40 acres 
are used by KMSP for transmitter facilities and tower.

         KTVX's transmitter facilities and tower are located at a site on 
Mt. Nelson, close to Salt Lake City, under a lease that expires in 2004.  
KTVX also maintains back-up transmitter facilities and tower at a site on 
nearby Mt. Vision under a lease that expires in 2002 and is renewable, at 
no increase in rental, for a 50-year period.

         KMOL's transmitter facilities are located at a site near San 
Antonio on land and on a tower owned by Texas Tall Tower Corporation, a 
corporation owned in equal shares by UTV and another television station 
that also transmits from the same tower.

         KBHK's transmitter is located on Mt. Sutro, as part of the Sutro 
Tower complex, which also houses equipment for other San Francisco 
television stations and many of its FM radio stations.  The lease for the 
Mt. Sutro facilities expires in February 2005 and is renewable for two 
five year periods.

         KUTP's transmitter facilities and tower are located on a site 
within South Mountain Park, a communications park owned by the City of 
Phoenix, which also contains transmitter facilities and towers for the 
other television stations in Phoenix as well as facilities for several
FM radio stations.  The license for this space expires in 2012.

         UTV believes its properties are adequate for their present uses.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

         Not applicable.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

         Not applicable.

                                  12

<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

         The executive officers of UTV, as of February 29, 1996, are as 
follows:

                             Positions with UTV;                  Has served
                             principal occupation;                as officer
     Name               and age as of February 29, 1996             since
     
Herbert J. Siegel       Chairman of the Board; Chairman              1982
                        of the Board and President, Chris-
                        Craft and BHC; 67

Evan C Thompson         President and Chief Executive                1983
                        Officer; Executive Vice President 
                        and President, Television Division, 
                        Chris-Craft; 53                                                                            
                        
Laurey J. Barnett       Vice President and Director of               1987
                        Programming; 36                                                                            
                        
Garth S. Lindsey        Executive Vice President, Chief              1977
                        Financial Officer and Secretary; 51                  
                        
Thomas L. Muir          Treasurer and Controller; 47                 1981

John C. Siegel          President, UTV of San Francisco,             1983
                        Inc., which owns KBHK; Senior Vice 
                        President, Chris-Craft; 43                                                                            1983


         Chris-Craft, through its majority ownership of BHC, is principally 
engaged in television broadcasting.  The principal occupation of each of the 
individuals for the past five years is stated in the foregoing table.  All 
officers hold office until the meeting of the Board following the next 
annual meeting of stockholders or until removed by the Board.
                                             
                                  13           
                                  
<PAGE>
                                             
                                 PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

         The information appearing in the Annual Report under the caption 
STOCK PRICE, DIVIDEND AND RELATED INFORMATION is incorporated herein by 
this reference.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

         The information appearing in the Annual Report under the caption 
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA is incorporated herein by this reference.


ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
         CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

         The information appearing in the Annual Report under the caption 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS is incorporated herein by this reference.


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

         The Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes thereto, Report of 
Independent Accountants thereon and Quarterly Financial Information 
(unaudited) appearing in the Annual Report are incorporated herein by this 
reference.  Except as specifically set forth herein and elsewhere in this 
Form 10-K, no information appearing in the Annual Report is incorporated by 
reference into this report nor is the Annual Report deemed to be filed, 
as part of this report or otherwise, pursuant to the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934.


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

         Not applicable.

                                  14

<PAGE>
                                 PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

          The information appearing in the Proxy Statement under the 
captions ELECTION OF DIRECTORS--Nominees of the Board of Directors is 
incorporated herein by this reference.  Information relating to UTV's 
executive officers is set forth in Part I under the caption EXECUTIVE 
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

          The information appearing in the Proxy Statement under the 
caption ELECTION OF DIRECTORS--Executive Compensation is incorporated 
herein by this reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
          AND MANAGEMENT.

          The information appearing in the Proxy Statement under the 
caption ELECTION OF DIRECTORS--Voting Securities of Certain Beneficial 
Owners and Management is incorporated herein by this reference.


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

          The information appearing in the Proxy Statement under the 
caption ELECTION OF DIRECTORS--Certain Relationships and Related 
Transactions is incorporated herein by this reference.

                                  15

<PAGE>
                                 PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND
          REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

         (a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report:

               1.    The financial statements and quarterly financial 
                     information incorporated by reference from the Annual 
                     Report pursuant to Item 8.

               2.    The schedule and report of independent accountants 
                     thereon, listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial
                     Statements and Schedules.

               3.    Exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index, including the 
                     compensatory plans listed below:

                       Benefit Equalization Plan
                       1988 Stock Option Plan
                     
         (b)  No reports on Form 8-K were filed by the registrant during 
the last quarter of the period covered by this report.

                                  16

<PAGE>

                                 SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report 
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  March 29, 1996


                           UNITED TELEVISION, INC.     
                                 (Registrant)

                           By:   EVAN C THOMPSON       
                                 ---------------
                                 Evan C Thompson
                                 President and Chief Executive Officer

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  


   Signature and Title                       Date



   HERBERT J. SIEGEL                         March 29, 1996
   -----------------
   Herbert J. Siegel
   Chairman and Director

   EVAN C THOMPSON                           March 29, 1996
   ---------------
   Evan C Thompson
   President, Chief Executive
     Officer and Director
     (principal executive
     officer)
   
   GARTH S. LINDSEY                          March 29, 1996
   ----------------
   Garth S. Lindsey
   Executive Vice President,
     Chief Financial Officer
     and Secretary (principal
     financial and accounting
     officer)      
                   
   LAWRENCE R. BARNETT                       March 29, 1996
   -------------------
   Lawrence R. Barnett
   Vice Chairman and Director

                                  17

<PAGE>

   JOHN L. EASTMAN                           March 29, 1996
   ---------------
   John L. Eastman
   Director
                  
   JAMES D. HODGSON                          March 29, 1996
   ----------------
   James D. Hodgson
   Director
                   
   NORMAN PERLMUTTER                         March 29, 1996
   -----------------
   Norman Perlmutter
   Director
                    
   ABRAHAM A. RIBICOFF                       March 29, 1996
   -------------------
   Abraham A. Ribicoff
   Director
                      
   HOWARD F. ROYCROFT                        March 29, 1996
   ------------------
   Howard F. Roycroft
   Director
                     
   ROCCO C. SICILIANO                        March 29, 1996
   ------------------
   Rocco C. Siciliano
   Director
                     
   JOHN C. SIEGEL                            March 29, 1996
   --------------
   John C. Siegel
   Director
                            
                                  18

<PAGE>

                       UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

               INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

    Report of Independent Accountants

    Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 1995 and 1994

    Consolidated Statements of Income - For the Years
     Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993

    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years
     Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993

    Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Investment - For
     the Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 


SCHEDULES:

    Report of Independent Accountants on Financial Statement Schedule 

         II.   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

    Schedules other than that listed above have been omitted since the 
information is not applicable, not required, or is included in the respective 
financial statements or notes thereto.

                                  19

<PAGE>

        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE




To the Board of Directors of
United Television, Inc.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our 
report dated February 12, 1996 appearing on page 19 of the 1995 Annual
Report to Shareholders of United Television, Inc. (which report and 
consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included audits of the Financial Statement 
Schedule as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the years then ended, 
listed in Item 14(a) of this Form 10-K.  In our opinion, the Financial 
Statement Schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the 
information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related 
consolidated financial statements.






PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Century City, California
February 12, 1996

                                  20


<PAGE>

                                                                 Schedule II

                   UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                  FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994

                          (In Thousands of Dollars)

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Column A      Column B          Column C           Column D       Column E

                                 Additions     
                           ----------------------
             Balance at    Charged to    Charged                     Balance
             Beginning     Costs and     to Other                    at End of
Description  of Period     Expenses      Accounts     Deductions     Period  
- -----------  ----------    ----------    --------     ----------     ---------
<S>             <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>             <C>
Year ended 
December 31, 
1995:
 Allowance for 
 doubtful 
 accounts     $ 1,994        $ 232        $ ---       $  (536)(a)     $ 1,690

Year ended 
December 31, 
1994:
 Allowance for 
 doubtful 
 accounts     $ 1,998        $ 275        $ ---       $  (279)(a)     $ 1,994

Year ended 
December 31, 
1993:
 Allowance for 
 doubtful 
 accounts     $ 1,716        $ 551        $ ---       $  (269)(a)     $ 1,998

 </TABLE>
 
    (a) Accounts written off, net of recoveries.

                                  21

<PAGE>                          
                          EXHIBIT INDEX
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Incorporated by
Reference to:              Exhibit No.      Exhibit
- ---------------            -----------      -------
<S>                            <C>          <C>
Exhibit 3(a) [1]               3.1          Restated Certificate
                                            of Incorporation

Exhibit 3(b) [2]               3.2          Restated By-Laws

Exhibit A to registrant's     10.1          1988 Stock Option Plan
Proxy Statement dated
March 23, 1988 (File
No. 0-9786)

Exhibit 10(a)(1) [7]          10.2          Amendment No. 1 thereto

Exhibit 10(i) [3]             10.3          Employment Agreement, dated
                                            January 1, 1981, between 
                                            registrant and Garth S. Lindsey, 
                                            as amended

Exhibit 10(m) [3]             10.4          Employment Agreement, dated
                                            January 1, 1981, between 
                                            registrant and Thomas L. Muir,
                                            as amended

Exhibit 10(t) [4]             10.5          Note dated as of January 6, 1984 
                                            in the original principal amount 
                                            of $200,000 from Garth S. 
                                            Lindsey, as maker, to registrant,
                                            as payee

Exhibit 10(n)(2) [5]          10.6          Revision and Extension Agreement
                                            dated as of December 19, 1988 
                                            from Garth S. Lindsey, as maker, 
                                            to registrant, as payee

Exhibit 10(u) [4]             10.7          Note dated as of January 25, 1984 
                                            in the original principal amount 
                                            of $100,000 from Thomas L. Muir, 
                                            as maker, to registrant, as payee

Exhibit 10(o)(2) [5]          10.8          Revision and Extension Agreement
                                            dated as of December 20, 1988 
                                            from Thomas L. Muir, as maker, to
                                            registrant, as payee

Exhibit 10(s) [6]             10.9          Benefit Equalization Plan of 
                                            registrant
                                  
                                  22

<PAGE>

                              10.10         UTV and BHC have entered into
                                            a state tax sharing agreement, 
                                            relating to joint tax liabilities
                                            for state income taxes due re-
                                            specting tax returns filed on
                                            a combined basis, pursuant to 
                                            which UTV's total payments to
                                            a taxing authority or BHC will
                                            will be equal to the tax UTV
                                            would have paid had it filed 
                                            as a stand-alone entity.
                                                   
 *                            13            Portions of the Annual Report
                                            incorporated by reference

 *                            21            Subsidiaries of registrant

 *                            23            Consent of Price Waterhouse LLP

 *                            27            Financial Data Schedule

_______________________

 *   Filed herewith.

[1]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1987.

[2]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1984.

[3]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 27, 1981.

[4]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1983.

[5]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1988.

[6]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1989.

[7]  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 1991.

                                  23

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>



<PAGE>

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
            OF INCOME

         UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                     1995       1994       1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>        <C>
NET REVENUES                            $165,559   $150,980   $130,338
                                        --------   --------   --------

EXPENSES:
   Operating                              62,865     59,809     59,507

   Selling, general and administrative    51,812     38,934     34,458
                                        --------   --------   --------
                                         114,677     98,743     93,965
                                        --------   --------   --------

OPERATING INCOME                          50,882     52,237     36,373
                                        --------   --------   --------

OTHER INCOME:

   Interest and other income              10,290      7,084      6,126

   Income associated with
      Time Warner Inc. securities            ---        ---     31,125
                                        --------   --------   --------

                                          10,290      7,084     37,251
                                        --------   --------   --------

INCOME BEFORE PROVISION 
  FOR INCOME TAXES                        61,172     59,321     73,624
                                        --------   --------   --------

      Provision for income taxes          24,300     24,150     29,800
                                        --------   --------   --------

NET INCOME                              $ 36,872   $ 35,171   $ 43,824
                                        --------   --------   --------
                                        --------   --------   --------

NET INCOME PER SHARE                    $   3.78   $   3.50   $   4.31
                                        --------   --------   --------
                                        --------   --------   --------

AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING          9,757     10,058     10,157
                                        --------   --------   --------
                                        --------   --------   --------
</TABLE>

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THESE STATEMENTS.


                                  Page 10

<PAGE>

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
            OF CASH FLOWS

         UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                   1995       1994       1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>        <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

   Net income                                         $ 36,872   $ 35,171   $ 43,824
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to
    net cash provided from operating activities:
      Film contract payments                           (25,023)   (33,744)   (40,925)
      Film contract amortization                        27,732     25,179     29,653
      Depreciation and other amortization                4,655      4,776      5,052
      Gain on dispositions of Time Warner securities       ---        ---    (27,164)
      (Gain) loss on dispositions of other
       marketable securities                              (738)       230       (162)
      Changes in assets and liabilities:
         Accounts receivable                            (2,913)    (5,205)    (6,114)
         Prepaid and other assets                       (1,491)        15     (7,273)
         Accounts payable and accrued expenses           5,051      3,311      2,558
         Income taxes payable                           (3,463)     3,348      4,493
                                                      --------   --------   --------
            Net cash provided from operating
             activities                                 40,682     33,081      3,942
                                                      --------   --------   --------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

   Disposition of Time Warner securities                   ---        ---    117,083
   Sales of marketable securities                       49,874     80,224    401,465
   Purchases of marketable securities                  (82,004)   (68,244)  (516,557)
   Capital expenditures                                 (2,807)    (3,615)    (2,092)
                                                      --------   --------   --------
            Net cash (used in) provided from
             investing activities                      (34,937)     8,365       (101)
                                                      --------   --------   --------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

   Dividend paid                                        (4,911)       ---        ---
   Proceeds from exercise of employee
    stock options                                        2,009        997      2,428
   Purchases of treasury stock                         (30,449)    (9,901)   (11,188)
                                                      --------   --------   --------
            Net cash used in financing activities      (33,351)    (8,904)    (8,760)
                                                      --------   --------   --------

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND
   CASH EQUIVALENTS                                    (27,606)    32,542     (4,919)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR          44,494     11,952     16,871
                                                      --------   --------   --------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR              $ 16,888   $ 44,494   $ 11,952
                                                      --------   --------   --------
                                                      --------   --------   --------
</TABLE>

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE AN
INTEGRAL PART OF THESE STATEMENTS.


                                    Page 11
<PAGE>

          CONSOLIDATED
             BALANCE SHEETS
          UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

DECEMBER 31,                                                           1995           1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                       $ 16,888       $ 44,494
   Marketable securities                                            174,478        137,549
   Accrued interest receivable                                        2,147          2,005
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
      of $1,690 and $1,994, respectively                             38,934         36,021
   Film contract rights                                              27,343         21,555
   Deferred tax benefit                                               3,679          3,393
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                          1,773          1,760
                                                                   --------       --------
      Total current assets                                          265,242        246,777
                                                                   --------       --------

NONCURRENT MARKETABLE SECURITIES                                     29,538         20,099
                                                                   --------       --------

FILM CONTRACT RIGHTS, INCLUDING DEPOSITS, LESS
   ESTIMATED PORTION TO BE USED WITHIN ONE YEAR                       7,943          8,506
                                                                   --------       --------

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, AT COST:
   Land, buildings and improvements                                  12,339         12,201
   Equipment                                                         51,720         50,244
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                     64,059         62,445
   Less - Accumulated depreciation and amortization                  48,634         45,742
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                     15,425         16,703
                                                                   --------       --------

INTANGIBLE ASSETS                                                    21,981         21,981
   Less - Accumulated amortization                                    9,607          8,997
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                     12,374         12,984
                                                                   --------       --------
OTHER ASSETS                                                            465            607
                                                                   --------       --------

                                                                   $330,987       $305,676
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                   --------       --------
</TABLE>


                                    Page 12
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

DECEMBER 31,                                                           1995           1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>            <C>
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' INVESTMENT

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Film contracts payable                                          $ 25,617       $ 21,535
   Accounts payable                                                   3,199          3,256
   Accrued expenses                                                  19,477         15,728
   Income taxes payable                                               8,885         12,753
                                                                   --------       --------
      Total current liabilities                                      57,178         53,272
                                                                   --------       --------


FILM CONTRACTS PAYABLE AFTER ONE YEAR                                25,489         23,153
                                                                   --------       --------

OTHER LIABILITIES                                                     7,851          1,330
                                                                   --------       --------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 9)


SHAREHOLDERS' INVESTMENT:
   Preferred stock $1 par value; authorized
      1,000,000 shares; none issued                                      --             --
   Common stock $.10 par value; authorized 25,000,000 shares;
      outstanding 9,609,037 and 9,975,338 shares, respectively          961            998
   Additional paid-in capital                                           133            133
   Retained earnings                                                232,839        228,181
   Adjustment to reflect marketable
      securities at fair value                                        6,536        (1,391)
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                    240,469        227,921
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                   $330,987       $305,676
                                                                   --------       --------
                                                                   --------       --------
</TABLE>

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THESE BALANCE SHEETS.


                                     Page 13
<PAGE>

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
            OF SHAREHOLDERS' INVESTMENT 

         UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Common Stock
                                     -------------------  Additional               Market
                                          Shares  Dollar     Paid-in  Retained  Valuation
                                     Outstanding  Amount     Capital  Earnings    Account     Total
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
BALANCE AT 
 DECEMBER 31, 1992                   10,407,447   $1,041   $   133    $166,523   $   ---   $167,697
  Net income                                ---      ---       ---      43,824       ---     43,824
  Exercise of options including
   tax benefit                           89,902        9     2,419         ---       ---      2,428
  Purchase/retirement of
      treasury stock                   (352,186)     (35)   (2,419)     (8,734)      ---    (11,188)
                                     ----------   ------   -------    --------   -------   --------

BALANCE AT
 DECEMBER 31, 1993                   10,145,163    1,015       133     201,613       ---    202,761
  Net income                                ---      ---       ---      35,171       ---     35,171
  Adjustment to reflect marketable
   securities at fair value                 ---      ---       ---         ---    (1,391)    (1,391)
  Exercise of options, including
   tax benefit                           36,597        4     1,277         ---       ---      1,281
  Purchase/retirement of
   treasury stock                      (206,422)     (21)   (1,277)     (8,603)      ---     (9,901)
                                     ----------   ------   -------    --------   -------   --------

BALANCE AT
 DECEMBER 31, 1994                    9,975,338      998       133     228,181    (1,391)   227,921
   Net income                               ---      ---       ---      36,872       ---     36,872
   Cash dividend                            ---      ---       ---      (4,911)      ---     (4,911)
   Adjustment to reflect marketable
    securities at fair value                ---      ---       ---         ---     7,927      7,927
   Exercise of options, including
    tax benefit                          66,867        6     3,103         ---       ---      3,109
   Purchase/retirement of 
    treasury stock                     (433,168)     (43)   (3,103)    (27,303)      ---    (30,449)
                                     ----------   ------   -------    --------   -------   --------

BALANCE AT
 DECEMBER 31, 1995                    9,609,037   $  961   $   133    $232,839   $ 6,536   $240,469
                                     ----------   ------   -------    --------   -------   --------
                                     ----------   ------   -------    --------   -------   --------
</TABLE>

THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THESE STATEMENTS.

                                    Page 14
<PAGE>


         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES.

(A) ORGANIZATION AND RELATED PARTIES. UTV is a majority owned (57.3% at December
31, 1995) subsidiary of BHC Communications, Inc. (BHC), a majority owned
subsidiary of Chris-Craft Industries, Inc. (Chris-Craft). UTV owns and operates
five television stations: KBHK in San Francisco, KMSP in Minneapolis/St. Paul,
KUTP in Phoenix, KTVX in Salt Lake City and KMOL in San Antonio; United
Television Sales, Inc. (UTS), a national sales representative organization which
currently represents UTV's five stations and the three stations owned by BHC;
and United Entertainment Group, Inc., which with BHC jointly produces first-run
programming for national distribution to television stations. UTV's revenues are
derived entirely from television broadcasting and are, therefore, subject to the
vagaries of the advertising industry.

    Effective January 1, 1995, UTV entered into a state tax sharing agreement
with BHC under which agreement UTV continues to provide taxes on a separate
company basis.

    The acquisition of programming from third parties is frequently negotiated
for UTV and BHC stations simultaneously. 

(B) BASIS OF PRESENTATION. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of UTV and its subsidiaries, after elimination of all
significant intercompany accounts and transactions. Preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires
the use of management estimates. Certain amounts for 1994 and 1993 have been
reclassified to conform with the 1995 presentation.

(C) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and
U.S. Government securities having maturities at time of purchase not exceeding
three months. The fair value of cash equivalents approximates carrying value,
reflecting their short maturities.

(D) INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND EQUITY SECURITIES. Effective January 1, 1994, UTV
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 (SFAS 115),
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities." Under SFAS
115, all of UTV's marketable securities have been categorized as available for
sale and are carried at fair market value.

(E) FILM CONTRACT RIGHTS AND FILM CONTRACTS PAYABLE. UTV owns film contract
rights which allow limited showings of films and syndicated programs. Film
contract rights and related liabilities are recorded at the contractual amounts
when the programming becomes available for telecasting.

    Contract values are amortized over management's estimate of the number of
showings, using primarily an accelerated method, which considers total
anticipated costs of the programming and management's estimate of the flow of
revenues. In the opinion of management, future revenue related to the airing of
remaining film contract rights will be sufficient to recover unamortized costs
at December 31, 1995. The estimated costs of recorded film contract rights to be
charged to income within one year are included in current assets; payments on
such contracts due within one year are included in current liabilities.

(F) DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION. Depreciation of property and equipment is
provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, except that leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of the
lease, if shorter.

    Intangible assets represent the excess of cost over the net identifiable
tangible assets at the respective dates of acquisition and are being amortized
using the straight-line method over 17 to 40 years from acquisition.

(G) REVENUE RECOGNITION AND BARTER TRANSACTIONS. Revenue is recognized upon
broadcast of television advertising. The estimated fair value of goods or
services received in barter (nonmonetary) transactions, most of which relate to
the acquisition of programming, is recognized as revenue when the air time is
used by the advertiser. Barter revenue was $12,114,000, $11,155,000 and
$9,580,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, and barter expense was
$12,025,000, $11,328,000 and $9,642,000 in the three years, respectively.

(H) NET INCOME PER SHARE. Per share amounts were computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, taking into
consideration, when dilutive, common stock equivalents (stock options).


                                Page 15


<PAGE>


(I)  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION. Cash paid for income taxes totaled
$27,763,000 in 1995, $20,802,000 in 1994 and $29,966,000 in 1993.

2. MARKETABLE SECURITIES.

Marketable securities include the following:

                                             FAIR
(IN THOUSANDS)                              VALUE           COST
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
CURRENT ASSETS: 
  December 31, 1995
  U.S. Government securities             $166,617       $164,701
  Global government bond fund              10,008         10,000
                                         --------       --------
                                         $176,625       $174,701
                                         --------       --------
                                         --------       --------

  December 31, 1994 
  U.S. Government securities             $129,464       $134,131
  Global government bond fund              10,090         10,883
                                         --------       --------
                                         $139,554       $145,014
                                         --------       --------
                                         --------       --------

NONCURRENT ASSETS:
  December 31, 1995
  BHC Class A common stock               $ 21,404       $ 11,325
  Other marketable equity securities        8,134          6,836
                                         --------       --------
                                         $ 29,538       $ 18,161
                                         --------       --------
                                         --------       --------

  December 31, 1994
  BHC Class A common stock               $ 16,648       $ 11,325
  Other marketable equity securities        3,451          3,650
                                         --------       --------
                                         $ 20,099       $ 14,975
                                         --------       --------
                                         --------       --------

    The following table provides certain additional information related to 
UTV's marketable securities as of and for the year ended December 31, 1995:

                                                 DEBT       EQUITY
(IN THOUSANDS)                             SECURITIES   SECURITIES
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
Maturing within two years                    $151,727      $   ---
Maturing in two to three years                 12,743          ---
Gross unrealized holding gains                    484       11,442
Gross unrealized holding losses                   707           65
Sales proceeds                                 45,374        4,500
Realized gains                                     31          729
Realized losses                                    22          ---

    For purposes of computing realized gains and losses, cost was determined 
using the specific identification method.

3. FILM CONTRACTS PAYABLE.

The approximate future maturities of film contracts payable classified as 
noncurrent liabilities at December 31, 1995 are $15,204,000, $7,309,000, 
$1,930,000, $600,000 and $446,000 in 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 and thereafter, 
respectively. The net present value at December 31, 1995 of such payments, 
discounted at 8.5%, was approximately $21,500,000.

4. SHAREHOLDERS INVESTMENT.

UTV has authorized 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1 par value, that 
may be issued without further shareholder approval, in one or more series, 
the terms and provisions of which shall be set by the Board of Directors.   

    During 1995, UTV purchased and retired 433,168 shares of its common stock 
at an aggregate cost of $30,449,000. During 1994 and 1993, UTV purchased and 
retired 206,422 and 352,186 shares of its common stock, respectively. At 
December 31, 1995, purchase of 1,192,249 additional shares of common stock 
had been authorized by the Board of Directors.

5. STOCK OPTIONS.

Under the UTV 1988 Stock Option Plan, options (including Incentive Stock 
Options) to purchase shares of common stock may be granted from time to time 
to employees of UTV and its parent and subsidiaries, at prices not less than 
fair market value at date of grant. Options are exercisable in cumulative 
annual installments of 33 1/3% commencing one year from date of grant, and 
expire over a period determined by the Plan Committee, which may not exceed 
ten years (five years in the case of ISO's) from date of grant. Options 
currently outstanding expire five years from date of grant.

    The Plan permits the Plan Committee to award stock appreciation rights to 
holders of options granted under the Plan. Such rights entitle the holders, 
in lieu of exercising their options, to receive payment from UTV in cash, 
stock or a combination thereof, equal to the greater of the appreciation in 
market value or book value of the shares covered by exercisable options. No 
stock appreciation rights have been awarded under the Plan. The Plan permits 
grants to purchase an aggregate of 800,000 shares. Transactions under the 
Plan during the two years ended December 31, 1995 were as follows:


                                 Page 16


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS,        SHARES                       OPTION PRICE
EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)  UNDER OPTION               PER SHARE          TOTAL
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>              <C>                     <C>
OUTSTANDING, 
  DECEMBER 31, 1993          208,500        $27.25 - $31.625         $ 5,725
   Granted                   217,500                  $53.50          11,636
   Exercised                 (36,597)                 $27.25            (997)
   Canceled                   (3,000)                 $27.25             (81)
                             -------         ---------------         -------
OUTSTANDING,
  DECEMBER 31, 1994          386,403         $27.25 - $53.50          16,283
   Granted                       ---                     ---             ---
   Exercised                 (66,867)        $27.25 - $53.50          (2,009)
                             -------         ---------------         -------
OUTSTANDING,
  DECEMBER 31, 1995          319,536         $27.25 - $53.50         $14,274
                             -------         ---------------         -------
                             -------         ---------------         -------
</TABLE>

    At December 31, 1995, options outstanding under the Plan were exercisable 
for 174,536 shares at prices ranging from $27.25 to $53.50 per share and 
options for 277,267 shares were available for grant. Options outstanding 
expire at various dates from April 1996 through December 1999.

    In addition to options granted under the Plan, during 1995 UTV granted a 
stock option to purchase 100,000 shares at $88.75 per share (the fair market 
value at date of grant), on terms essentially similar to those of the 1988 
Plan.

    Under the 1995 Director Stock Option Plan, adopted by UTV shareholders in 
April 1995, a fixed number of immediately exercisable options to purchase 
shares of common stock are granted annually to each nonemployee director of 
UTV at prices equal to fair market value at date of grant. In 1995, prior 
service options for 40,500 shares, at a price per share of $58.00, and 
current service options for 7,000 shares, at a price per share of $62.25, 
were granted to directors. At December 31, 1995, options for all such shares 
were outstanding and 132,500 shares were available for grant.

    Proceeds from the exercise of options are credited to common stock to the 
extent of par value, and the remainder is credited to additional paid-in 
capital. Income tax benefits which accrue to UTV are credited to additional 
paid-in capital.

    UTV expects to adopt Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, 
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," in 1996 and intends to retain the 
intrinsic value method of accounting for stock-based compensation which it 
currently uses.

6. INCOME TAXES.

Income tax expense consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
(IN THOUSANDS)                  1995         1994         1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>          <C>          <C>
Federal: 
  Current                    $19,425      $17,702      $27,325
  Deferred                       375        1,623       (3,900)
                             -------      -------      -------
                              19,800       19,325       23,425
                             -------      -------      -------

State: 
  Current                      4,450        4,868        6,450
  Deferred                        50          (43)         (75)
                             -------      -------      -------
                               4,500        4,825        6,375
                             -------      -------      -------
Total                        $24,300      $24,150      $29,800
                             -------      -------      -------
                             -------      -------      -------
</TABLE>

    The provisions for income taxes differed from the amounts computed by 
applying the federal income tax rate to income before income taxes. The 
elements of these differences were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
(IN THOUSANDS)                  1995         1994         1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>          <C>          <C>
Statutory federal income
 taxes                       $21,410      $20,762      $25,768
State income taxes, net
 of federal income tax 
 benefit                       2,957        3,127        4,136
Dividend exclusion              (108)         (36)        (467)
Goodwill amortization            102          102          166
Other, net                       (61)         195          197
                             -------      -------      -------
Total                        $24,300      $24,150      $29,800
                             -------      -------      -------
                             -------      -------      -------
</TABLE>


    Deferred taxes reflect timing differences in the recognition of certain 
income and expense items for financial accounting and income tax purposes. 
The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                DECEMBER 31,
(IN THOUSANDS)                               1995         1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>
Deferred tax assets:
    State taxes                           $ 1,644      $ 1,618
    SFAS 115 adjustment                       ---          989
    Bad debt reserve                          699          842
    Vacation accrual                          416          388
    Benefits program                          950          667
    Other                                     616            8
                                          -------      -------
                                            4,325        4,512
                                          -------      -------

Deferred tax liabilities:
  Depreciation                             (1,758)      (1,796)
  Intangibles amortization                   (583)        (519)
  SFAS 115 adjustment                      (4,618)         ---
  Other                                      (179)        (134)
                                          -------      -------
                                           (7,138)      (2,449)
                                          -------      -------
                                          $(2,813)     $ 2,063
                                          -------      -------
                                          -------      -------
</TABLE>


                                  Page 17


<PAGE>


7.  PENSION PLANS.

UTV maintains noncontributory defined benefit plans covering substantially 
all employees. Benefits under the plans are based upon years of service and 
compensation, as defined. UTV's funding policy is to contribute annually an 
amount sufficient to fund current service costs and to amortize the unfunded 
accrued liability over 25 years. Contributions are intended to provide not 
only for benefits attributed to service to date but also for benefits 
expected to be earned in the future.

    The following table sets forth the funded status of the plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 DECEMBER 31,
(IN THOUSANDS)                                1995          1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>
Actuarial present value of: 
   Vested benefit obligation              $(11,989)     $(10,804)
   Nonvested benefit obligation               (832)         (735)
                                          --------      --------
   Accumulated benefit obligation          (12,821)      (11,539)
   Effect of projected 
    compensation increases                  (4,314)       (3,546)
                                          --------      --------
   Projected benefit obligation            (17,135)      (15,085)
Plan assets at fair value, primarily
   listed securities and U.S. 
   Government securities                    17,707        13,800
                                          --------      --------
Surplus (deficit)                              572        (1,285)
Unrecognized (gain) loss                      (172)        1,781
Unrecognized prior service cost               (187)         (219)
Unrecognized net obligation remaining 
   from initial application, January 1,
   1987                                         95           111
                                          --------      --------
Prepaid pension obligation                $    308      $    388
                                          --------      --------
                                          --------      --------
</TABLE>


    The unrecognized net obligation is being amortized over a 15-year period.

    Pension expense, including amounts accrued in a UTV nonqualified 
retirement plan for benefits in excess of statutory limitations, is as 
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
(IN THOUSANDS)                  1995       1994        1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>          <C>       <C>
Service cost                 $   913      $ 805     $   748
Interest cost on projected
 benefit obligation            1,111        979         903
Actual return
 on plan assets               (3,417)      (450)     (1,298)
Net amortization
 and deferral                  2,414       (606)        397
                             -------      -----     -------
Net periodic pension cost    $ 1,021      $ 728     $   750
                             -------      -----     -------
                             -------      -----     -------
</TABLE>

    Assumptions used in determining the actuarial present value of the
projected benefit obligation were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             1995     1994       1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>      <C>        <C>
Discount rate                                7.25%    7.25%      7.25%
Rate of increase in future 
 compensation levels                         4.50%    4.50%      4.50%
Expected long-term rate of 
 return on assets                            7.75%    7.75%      7.75%
</TABLE>

    UTV also maintains defined contribution retirement plans for its employees:
a contributory stock purchase plan and a noncontributory profit sharing plan.
The aggregate costs of such plans for 1995, 1994, and 1993 were $3,876,000, 
$2,538,000 and $2,172,000, respectively, including accruals in the 
nonqualified plan referenced above.

8.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.

Included in net revenues are commissions earned by UTS for the sale of 
national advertising on BHC's three television stations of $2,074,000 in 1995.

    Included in selling, general and administrative expenses are management 
and directors' fees UTV paid Chris-Craft of $570,000, $570,000 and $549,000 
in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, and a management fee UTV paid BHC of 
$2,200,000 in 1995 and $1,750,000 in 1994.

    UTV and BHC each incurred costs of $571,000, $3,312,000 and $357,000 in 
1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, for the joint production and distribution 
with third parties of original programming.

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES.

The aggregate amount payable by UTV under contracts for programming not 
currently available for telecasting and, accordingly, not included in film 
contracts payable and the related contract rights in the accompanying 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, totaled $40,430,000 at December 31, 1995.

    At December 31, 1995, UTV was obligated under several noncancelable leases
on real property and equipment that expire between 1996 and 2010. Rental expense
was $1,928,000, $1,546,000 and $1,268,000 for 1995, 1994 and


                                   Page 18


<PAGE>

1993, respectively. Aggregate future minimum rental payments under such 
leases at December 31, 1995 are $12,397,000, with amounts of $1,410,000, 
$1,381,000, $1,426,000, $1,361,000 and $1,015,000 due in 1996, 1997, 1998, 
1999 and 2000, respectively.

    At December 31, 1995, UTV was committed to invest over time up to 
$40,000,000 in a management buyout limited partnership.

    In the opinion of management, after taking into account opinions of 
counsel with respect thereto, the ultimate resolution of pending legal 
proceedings against UTV, to the extent not covered by insurance, will not 
have a material effect on UTV's consolidated financial position or results of 
operations.


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of United Television, Inc.

    In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' investment and cash flows 
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of United 
Television, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the 
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years 
in the period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted 
accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of 
the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on 
these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of 
these financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing 
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, 
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that 
our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.




/s/ Price Waterhouse LLP

Century City, California
February 12, 1996


                                Page 19


<PAGE>


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
     OPERATIONS

UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    UTV's operating cash flow is generated primarily by its television 
broadcasting operations and generally parallels the earnings of UTV 
television stations, adjusted to reflect the difference between film contract 
payments and film contract amortization. The relationship between such 
payments and amortization may vary greatly between years (amortization 
exceeded payments by $2,709,000 in 1995, while payments exceeded amortization 
by $8,565,000 in 1994), and is dependent upon the mix of programs aired and 
payment terms of the stations' contracts. UTV stations generated substantial 
cash flow in 1995 and are expected to do the same in 1996. With its 
considerable cash and marketable securities balances, UTV continues to be 
well positioned to pursue new opportunities or deal effectively with 
uncertainties that may arise in the television broadcasting industry or 
economic environment.

    UTV's cash flow is augmented by interest and dividend income associated 
with its cash and marketable securities. UTV's 1995 cash flow from operations 
totaled $40,682,000, and cash and marketable securities increased $18,762,000 
to $220,904,000 at December 31,1995. UTV has a commitment to invest over time 
up to $40,000,000 in a management buyout limited partnership.

    Working capital increased $14,559,000 during 1995 to $208,064,000 at 
December 31, 1995, primarily reflecting cash from operations partially offset 
by treasury stock repurchases. Working capital at December 31,1995 remains 
substantially in excess of UTV's normal operating requirements.

    UTV is engaged in an ongoing review of business opportunities in media, 
entertainment, communications and other industries. UTV currently has no 
outstanding debt and believes it is capable of raising significant additional 
capital to augment its already substantial liquid assets, if desired, to fund 
any expansion.

    UTV regularly makes current commitments for programming that will not be 
available for telecasting until future dates and had commitments for payments 
for such programming totaling $40,430,000 at December 31, 1995. UTV expects 
to continue to satisfy these commitments in the ordinary course of business.

    UTV's Board of Directors has from time to time authorized the purchase of 
UTV common shares. At December 31, 1995, purchase of an additional 1,192,249 
shares was so authorized. From January 1, 1993 through December 31, 1995, 
991,776 shares were purchased for an aggregate cost of $51,538,000, of which 
433,168 shares were purchased during 1995 for an aggregate cost of 
$30,449,000.

    UTV's commitments for capital expenditures at December 31, 1995 were not 
material in relation to UTV's financial position. Funds for capital 
expenditures have

                                 Page 20


<PAGE>


generally been provided from operations. UTV expects that future capital 
expenditures for its present business will be funded from operations or 
current cash balances. UTV has no present requirement for additional capital.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    1995 VERSUS 1994. UTV's primary source of revenue is the sale to 
advertisers of time on its five television stations. UTV's 1995 net income 
increased 5% to $36,872,000, or $3.78 per share, from $35,171,000, or $3.50 
per share, in 1994. Per share earnings for the year increased 8%, as 
purchases of common stock reduced the average number of common shares 
outstanding.

    The earnings increase reflects record operating results at the television 
station group, offset by approximately $3,700,000 of one-time costs 
associated with the start-up of UTV's national sales representative 
subsidiary, which began operations in the third quarter of 1995. Station 
group net revenues rose 7% for the year. Consolidated net revenues rose 10% 
to a record $165,559,000, from $150,980,000 last year, after giving effect to 
the sales representative subsidiary. The increase in station revenues 
reflects improved demand for television advertising at UTV stations during 
the first nine months of 1995 followed by slowing in demand during the fourth 
quarter, a trend which appears to be continuing in the 1996 first quarter.

    The increase in station revenues was in large measure offset by an 
increase in station operating expenses, which rose 7%, reflecting a 6% 
increase in programming costs and increased selling and administrative 
expenses. While television station operating earnings increased slightly in 
1995, the one-time costs of $3,700,000 resulted in a decline in operating 
income to $50,882,000, from last year's $52,237,000.

    1994 VERSUS 1993. UTV's 1994 net income increased 42% to $35,171,000, or 
$3.50 per share, from $24,749,000, or $2.44 per share, in 1993 (before income 
associated with interests in Time Warner Inc.). Including Time Warner income, 
1993 net income was $43,824,000, or $4.31 per share.

    The significant earnings increase reflects record operating results at 
UTV stations. Net revenues for the year increased by 16% to a record 
$150,980,000, from $130,338,000 in 1993, reflecting improved demand for 
television advertising at UTV stations. Operating income rose 44% to a record 
$52,237,000, from $36,373,000 in 1993. The improvement in operating income 
mainly reflected the increase in net revenue. Programming expenses, which had 
been declining in recent years, rose just 1% in 1994.


                                  Page 21
<PAGE>

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,      1995       1994       1993       1992       1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
NET REVENUES                                   $165,559  $150,980    $130,338   $115,127   $112,902
                                               --------  --------    --------   --------   --------
                                               --------  --------    --------   --------   --------
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)                        $ 50,882  $ 52,237    $ 36,373   $  7,853   $ (7,278)
 Interest and other income                       10,290     7,084       6,126      4,274      3,252
 Income associated with Time Warner
 securities                                          --        --      31,125     10,828      9,527
 Income taxes                                   (24,300)  (24,150)    (29,800)    (6,800)      (350)
                                               --------  --------    --------   --------   --------
  Net income                                   $ 36,872  $ 35,171    $ 43,824   $ 16,155   $ 5,151
                                               --------  --------    --------   --------   --------
                                               --------  --------    --------   --------   --------
NET INCOME PER SHARE                           $   3.78  $   3.50    $   4.31   $   1.54    $   .48

CASH AND CURRENT MARKETABLE SECURITIES          191,366   182,043     171,243    108,395     45,954

TOTAL ASSETS                                    330,987   305,676     285,905    259,721    252,954

WORKING CAPITAL                                 208,064   193,505     172,815     98,749     59,604

LONG-TERM DEBT                                       --        --          --         --        179

SHAREHOLDERS' INVESTMENT                       $240,469  $227,921     $202,761  $167,697   $155,887

</TABLE>

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

UNITED TELEVISION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

(IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                 FIRST     SECOND       THIRD    FOURTH
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995                   QUARTER    QUARTER     QUARTER   QUARTER     YEAR
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>
NET REVENUES                                    $36,932   $42,113      $39,075   $47,439   $165,559

OPERATING INCOME                                 10,859    16,241        8,333    15,449     50,882

NET INCOME                                        7,726    11,314        6,334    11,498     36,872

NET INCOME PER SHARE                            $   .78   $  1.15      $   .65   $  1.20   $   3.78


YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET REVENUES                                    $32,107   $37,773      $34,426   $46,674   $150,980

OPERATING INCOME                                  9,392    13,010       10,374    19,461     52,237

NET INCOME                                        6,375     8,815        7,479    12,502     35,171

NET INCOME PER SHARE                            $   .63   $   .87      $   .75    $ 1.25   $   3.50


</TABLE>


                                  Page 22
<PAGE>

STOCK PRICE, DIVIDEND AND RELATED INFORMATION

     United Television, Inc. common stock trades on the Nasdaq National 
Market tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol: UTVI.

     The high and low sales prices as reported by Nasdaq for the periods 
indicated were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               1995               1994
                         ----------------   -----------------
Quarter                   High     Low       High      Low
- -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
First                   $62.000   $51.875   $43.750   $40.000
Second                   72.000    61.000    49.000    40.500
Third                    89.250    72.000    54.000    47.000
Fourth                   90.250    84.500    54.750    51.250

</TABLE>

     No dividend was paid during 1994. In 1995, UTV paid its first dividend 
of $.50 per share. In February 1996, UTV declared a dividend of $.50 per 
share. The Board of Directors intends each year to consider declaration of a 
cash dividend.

     As of February 29, 1996, there were approximately 3,700 holders of 
record of common stock.


                                  Page 23



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit 21

 
The following were the registrant's subsidiaries as of December 31,
1995, other than subsidiaries that, if considered in the aggregate
as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant
subsidiary at such date:


        Name                           Jurisdiction
         of                                 of
     Subsidiary                        Incorporation
     ----------                        -------------

UTV of San Francisco, Inc.              California

UTV of San Antonio, Inc.                  Texas                           

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>


                                24

<PAGE>

                                                                 Exhibit 23
               
               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


     We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-59277 and 33-21903) of
United Television, Inc. of our report dated February 12, 1996
which appears on page 19 of the 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders of United
Television, Inc., which is incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995.  We also consent 
to the incorporation by reference of our report on the Financial Statement 
Schedule, which appears on page 20 of such Annual Report on Form 10-K.





PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Century City, California
March 29, 1996

                                  25

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                     5
<LEGEND>                      THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL 
                              INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM FINANCIAL 
                              STATEMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO 
                              REGISTRANT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
                              FOR YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 1995 AND IS 
                              QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO
                              SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
<MULTIPLIER>                  1000
<CURRENCY>         U.S. DOLLARS
       
<S>                        <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>              YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>               DEC-31-1995
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                    1
<CASH>                        16,888
<SECURITIES>                 174,478
<RECEIVABLES>                 38,934
<ALLOWANCES>                       0
<INVENTORY>                        0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>             265,242
<PP&E>                        64,059
<DEPRECIATION>                48,634
<TOTAL-ASSETS>               330,987
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>         57,178
<BONDS>                            0
<COMMON>                         961
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>              0
<PREFERRED>                        0
<OTHER-SE>                   239,508
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY> 330,987
<SALES>                      165,559
<TOTAL-REVENUES>             165,559
<CGS>                        114,677
<TOTAL-COSTS>                114,677
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                   0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                   0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                 0
<INCOME-PRETAX>               61,172
<INCOME-TAX>                  24,300
<INCOME-CONTINUING>           36,872
<DISCONTINUED>                     0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                    0
<CHANGES>                          0
<NET-INCOME>                  36,872
<EPS-PRIMARY>                   3.78
<EPS-DILUTED>                   3.78
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
