-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 rh6iM7qa+hKoSz8fO28Opz44dv8q9lI0/Y40l363dqD2TS2ORl/RBJRreOS+hbUo
 wDD6DNWf1UpW2J2wPQ2zcQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-94-001118.txt : 19940330
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-94-001118.hdr.sgml : 19940330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-94-001118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6331
		IRS NUMBER:				952702776
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09627
		FILM NUMBER:		94518718

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21255 CALIFA ST
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8187131000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                          [LOGO]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Form 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

        [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
              SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

        FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993

                                       OR

        [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
              THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

        FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM .............. TO  ..............

        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-9627

                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.

             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                        <C>
                        DELAWARE                                                  95-2702776
      (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION                  (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
                    OR ORGANIZATION)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                        <C>
     21255 CALIFA STREET, WOODLAND HILLS, CALIFORNIA                              91367-5021
        (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)                                  (ZIP CODE)
</TABLE>

REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (818) 713-1000

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                   TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                         WHICH REGISTERED
- ---------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>
              Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value                                 New York Stock Exchange
                    (TITLE OF CLASS)
</TABLE>

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:

                                      None
                                (TITLE OF CLASS)

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  X  No

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  [ X ]

    The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by
non-affiliates of the registrant on March 25, 1994 was approximately
$238,222,000 (based on the closing sale price of such stock on such date).

    At March 25, 1994, 18,866,000 shares of Common Stock were outstanding, net
of 5,069,000 shares of treasury stock.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

    (1) Portions of the Annual Report to Stockholders for fiscal year ended
December 31, 1993 -- Part I and Part II.

    (2) Portions of the Proxy Statement in connection with the 1994 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders -- Part III.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL

    Zenith National Insurance Corp. ("Zenith"), a Delaware corporation
incorporated in 1971, is a holding company. Zenith is engaged through its
directly and indirectly wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, Zenith Insurance
Company ("Zenith Insurance"), CalFarm Insurance Company ("CalFarm Insurance"),
ZNAT Insurance Company ("ZNAT Insurance"), Zenith Star Insurance Company
("Zenith Star") and CalFarm Life Insurance Company ("CalFarm Life"), in the
business of writing workers' compensation insurance primarily in California;
reinsurance; annuities; health and life insurance coverages; and auto,
homeowners, farmowners and other coverages primarily in the rural areas of
California. In 1993, Zenith commenced real estate operations, developing private
residences for sale in Las Vegas, Nevada, through its wholly owned subsidiary,
Perma-Bilt, a Nevada Corporation ("Perma-Bilt").

    The 1993 edition of Best's Key Rating Guide ("Best's") gives Zenith
Insurance, CalFarm Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, collectively, and CalFarm Life
ratings of A+ (superior). Standard & Poor's Corporation ("S&P") has rated the
claims-paying ability of Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance and ZNAT Insurance
AA-(excellent) and the solvency of CalFarm Life BBBq (above average). Best's
ratings and S&P's ratings of claims-paying ability and solvency are based upon
factors of concern to policyholders and insurance agents and are not directed
toward the protection of investors.

    At December 31, 1993, Zenith and its subsidiaries had approximately 1,600
employees.

    The principal executive offices of Zenith are located at 21255 Califa
Street, Woodland Hills, California 91367-5021, telephone (818) 713-1000.

GLOSSARY OF SELECTED INSURANCE TERMS

    The following terms when used herein have the following meanings:

<TABLE>
<S>                            <C>
Assume                         To receive from a ceding company all or a portion of a risk
                               in consideration of receipt of a premium.
Cede                           To transfer to a reinsurer all or a portion of a risk in
                               consideration of payment of a premium.
Combined ratio                 The sum of underwriting expenses, net incurred losses, loss
                               adjustment expenses and policyholders' dividends, expressed
                               as a percentage of net premiums earned.
Development                    The amount by which losses, measured subsequently by
                               reference to payments and additional estimates, differ from
                               those originally reported for a period. Development is
                               favorable when losses ultimately settle for less than
                               levels at which they were reserved or subsequent estimates
                               indicate a basis for reserve decreases on open claims.
                               Development is unfavorable when losses ultimately settle
                               for more than levels at which they were reserved or
                               subsequent estimates indicate a basis for reserve increases
                               on open claims.
Excess of loss reinsurance     A form of reinsurance in which the reinsurer pays all or a
                               specified percentage of a loss caused by a particular
                               occurrence or event in excess of a fixed amount and up to a
                               stipulated limit.
Incurred but not reported      Claims relating to insured events that have occurred but
 claims                        have not yet been reported to the insurer or reinsurer.
</TABLE>

                                       1
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                            <C>
Loss adjustment expenses       The expenses of investigating and settling claims,
                               including legal and other fees, and general expenses of
                               administering the claims adjustment process.
Net premiums earned            The portion of net premiums written applicable to the
                               expired period of policies.
Participating policy           A policy upon which dividends may be paid after expiration.
Policyholders' surplus or      The amount remaining after all liabilities are subtracted
 statutory capital             from all admitted assets, as determined in accordance with
                               statutory accounting practices. This amount is regarded as
                               financial protection to policyholders in the event an
                               insurance company suffers unexpected or catastrophic
                               losses.
Reinsurance                    A transaction in which an original insurer, or cedant,
                               remits a portion of the premium to a reinsurer, or assuming
                               company, as payment for the reinsurer's assumption of a
                               portion of the risk.
Reserves or loss reserves      The balance sheet liability representing estimates of
                               amounts needed to pay reported and unreported claims and
                               related loss adjustment expenses (stated without reduction
                               for reinsurance ceded after 1992).
Retrocession                   A reinsurance of reinsurance assumed.
Statutory accounting           Accounting principles prescribed or permitted by the
 practices                     California Department of Insurance. In general, statutory
                               accounting practices address policyholder protection and
                               solvency and are more conservative in presentation of
                               earnings, surplus and assets than generally accepted
                               accounting principles.
Treaty                         A contract of reinsurance.
Underwriting                   The process whereby an insurer reviews applications
                               submitted for insurance coverage and determines whether it
                               will accept all or part, and at what premium, of the
                               coverage being requested.
Underwriting expenses          The aggregate of policy acquisition costs and the portion
                               of administrative, general and other expenses attributable
                               to the underwriting process as they are accrued and
                               expensed.
</TABLE>

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS

    Zenith and its subsidiaries conduct business through a property and casualty
segment, health and life segment and a parent or holding company segment as
described in Note 15 -- "Segment Information" on pages 67 and 68 of the 1993
Annual Report to Stockholders, which note is hereby incorporated by reference.

    The earnings of Zenith's property and casualty operations and its health and
life business are supplemented by the generation of investment income discussed
under "Investments."

  PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -- WORKERS' COMPENSATION INSURANCE

    Workers' compensation insurance provides coverage for the statutorily
prescribed benefits that employers are required to pay to their employees
injured in the course of employment. The standard workers' compensation policy
issued by Zenith Insurance provides payments for, among other things, temporary
or permanent disability benefits, death benefits, medical and hospital expenses
and expenses of vocational rehabilitation. The benefits payable and the duration
of such benefits are set by statute, and vary with the nature and severity of
the injury or disease and the wages, occupation and age of the employee. Zenith
Insurance writes workers' compensation insurance which represents 60% of
consolidated property and casualty premium earned for 1993

                                       2
<PAGE>
and is the largest line of Zenith's property and casualty business. In 1993,
96.6% of Zenith's workers' compensation written premium was written in
California, Zenith's principal
workers' compensation insurance market.

    Premiums for workers' compensation insurance are a function of the
applicable minimum premium rate, which includes the insured employer's
experience modification factor (where applicable), surcharges (where
applicable), and the amount of the insured employer's payroll. Payrolls may be
affected significantly by changes in employment and wage levels. A deposit
premium is paid at the beginning of the policy period, periodic installments are
paid during the period and the final amount of the premium is generally
determined as of the end of the policy period after the policyholder's payroll
records are audited.

    In California, minimum premium rates for workers' compensation insurance are
established by the California Insurance Commissioner (the "Commissioner") and
through December 31, 1994, competition on the basis of rates lower than the
approved minimum is not permitted. Such rates vary with the approximately 450
categories of employment and among different employers, depending upon actual
loss experience, within any one employment category. Adverse loss experience,
which persisted until the latter part of 1992, in conjunction with minimum rates
that were inadequate, particularly in the Los Angeles area, served to create a
market for policies written at rates in excess of minimum rates. Zenith wrote
$54,945,000, $42,971,000 and $15,048,000 of surcharged business in 1993, 1992
and 1991, respectively. Favorable loss experience trends in 1993 have increased
the competition for such business.

    Zenith Insurance issues participating policies to qualifying policyholders.
Policyholder dividends serve a twofold purpose: an economic incentive to
employers for safe operations, and an important step in ensuring equitable
pricing. Dividends may not legally be guaranteed and are paid after policy
expiration. The payment of participating dividends to policyholders is limited
by law to accumulated earned surplus from California workers' compensation
premiums. Zenith Insurance and its subsidiaries have approximately $185,000,000
of such accumulated earned surplus as of December 31, 1993.

    In July, 1993, certain significant workers' compensation legislation was
signed into law in California. Among other things, the new laws affect the
California workers' compensation industry as follows:

    Rating -- Effective January 1, 1995, the minimum rate law will be abolished
and companies will charge their own, actuarially determined rates. Minimum rates
were reduced by 7% from those in effect on July 16, 1993.

    Benefits -- Maximum weekly benefits for temporary disability will be
increased on July 1, 1994, July 1, 1995 and July 1, 1996, from the current level
of $336 to $490 on July 1, 1996. Maximum weekly benefits for permanent
disability will be subject to increases on these same dates. Permanent partial
disability weekly benefits will increase from a maximum of $148 to $230 with the
greatest increases in cases where disability ratings exceed 70%. Death benefits
will be increased on July 1, 1994 and again on July 1, 1996. At July 1, 1996,
death benefits will amount to $125,000, $145,000 and $160,000 for a worker with
one, two and three total dependents, respectively.

    Cost containment -- Major changes will provide a tougher standard for
compensability of stress claims, limit the number of medical-legal evaluations,
limit post termination claims, provide certain managed care flexibility, limit
medical self-referrals where there is a financial interest and provide limits on
vocational rehabilitation costs.

Management is unable to predict the impact that the above legislative changes
will have on its business. Historically, analysis and estimates of the impact of
legislative changes have been difficult to predict with any reasonable degree of
accuracy.

                                       3
<PAGE>
    In 1992, Zenith opened an office in Austin, Texas and commenced writing
workers' compensation business in the state of Texas. Premiums written in Texas
were $10,174,000 and $3,925,000 in 1993 and 1992, respectively. Certain aspects
of workers' compensation reform legislation enacted in Texas in 1992 have been
challenged with respect to their constitutionality. The matter is currently
before the Texas Supreme Court and the ultimate outcome is uncertain.

  PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -- REINSURANCE

    Zenith Insurance is selectively underwriting a book of assumed reinsurance.
Reinsurance transactions, or contracts, come in a variety of forms, but the
principal arrangements are either proportional in nature, in which the assuming
company shares pro-rata in the premiums and losses of the cedant, or
arrangements under which the assuming company pays losses in excess of a certain
limit in return for a premium, usually determined as a percentage of the
cedant's primary insurance premiums. Zenith operates its reinsurance activity as
a participant in contracts or treaties in which, typically, the reinsurance
coverage is syndicated to a number of assuming companies. Depending upon market
conditions and other factors, the volume of premiums written fluctuates widely
from year to year. Zenith's current participation in the reinsurance market is
limited principally to participation in the reinsurance of large individual
property risks and property catastrophe reinsurance. Events in recent years have
served to increase the premiums paid for such reinsurance and to increase the
amount of such risk retained by insurers and reinsurers. These developments have
created a market which management believes presents reasonable, acceptable
opportunities to produce favorable underwriting results. However, Zenith's
assumed reinsurance business is written with a view to limiting the company's
exposure to losses from any one event to a maximum of approximately 5% of
stockholders' equity. In the early years of Zenith Insurance's Reinsurance
operations, property business accounted for approximately 20% of reinsurance
premiums earned and, in 1993, property business accounted for approximately 79%
of reinsurance premiums earned.

  PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -- OTHER, PRINCIPALLY AUTOMOBILE

    Zenith, through CalFarm Insurance, offers a comprehensive line of property
and casualty insurance, including automobile, farmowners, commercial multiple
peril packages and homeowners coverage. Automobile insurance includes coverage
for automobile bodily injury, property damage and physical damage. Automobile
bodily injury and property damage insurance provide coverage for third party
liability, bodily injury and property damage arising from the ownership,
maintenance or use of an automobile. Automobile physical damage coverage insures
against physical loss of the insured's own vehicle. Farmowners and homeowners
insurance includes coverage for direct physical damage to real and personal
property, loss of personal property by theft and legal liability for injury to
others and damage to property of others. Commercial multiple peril insures
businesses against property damage and general liability.

    Automobile insurance (both commercial and private passenger) is the largest
line of CalFarm Insurance's business, representing 16% of Zenith's property and
casualty premiums earned in 1993. CalFarm Insurance insured approximately 25,000
private passenger automobiles and 69,000 commercial and farm vehicles in 1993.
Farmowners business is the second largest line of CalFarm Insurance's business,
representing approximately 9% of Zenith's property and casualty premiums earned
in 1993.

    Zenith's Automobile and Other Property and Casualty operations are subject
to the regulatory provisions of California Initiative Proposition 103
("Proposition 103") which was approved by California voters in 1988. The
principal effects of Proposition 103 on Zenith's Automobile and Other Property
and Casualty business are as follows: rates must be approved by the Insurance
Commissioner prior to use; rates on auto policies must be offered to "good
drivers" (as defined) at a discount of at least 20% from rates otherwise charged
and an insurer cannot refuse to sell a "good driver" policy to a qualified
applicant; automobile insurance policies on the books as of November 9, 1988 and
new and renewal policies written thereafter cannot be cancelled or non-renewed
except for non-payment, fraud or material misrepresentation, or a substantial
increase in

                                       4
<PAGE>
hazard; and automobile insurance rates must be based on the following factors in
decreasing order of importance: driving record, number of miles driven, number
of years of driving experience, and other factors which may be adopted by the
Insurance Commissioner.

    In January 1993, Zenith announced that it had reached an agreement with the
California Department of Insurance (the "Department") to resolve its Proposition
103 rollback refund contingency (see "Resolution of Contingencies Surrounding
Proposition 103" in Note 9 on page 66 of Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders, which note is hereby incorporated by reference). Under the
agreement, Zenith's subsidiaries refunded to each holder of an affected policy
issued or renewed between November 1988 and November 1989 an amount equal to
approximately
9.5 percent of the premium paid plus interest. The net cost of the refund, after
reinsurance, reduced income before taxes in 1992 by $16,078,000. As part of the
agreement, the Department gave final approval to all of Zenith's rate
applications on affected lines of business subsequent to the rollback period.
Rate increases of 8.0% and 15.0%, respectively, on farmowners and homeowners
policies were implemented effective July 1, 1993.

  HEALTH AND LIFE

    CalFarm Life offers a varied portfolio of life, health and annuity products,
and is not directly impacted by Proposition 103. The portfolio includes a
competitive line of Term Life, Universal Life and Interest Sensitive Life
insurance, Group Health insurance, and Single and Flexible Premium Annuity
products for both qualified and non-qualified markets. Less than 8% of CalFarm
Life's life insurance is written on substandard risks. The significant terms of
the life insurance products include credited interest rates (which are
guaranteed for 12 months from the date of issue and have minimum guarantees
ranging from 3% to 6%), mortality charges, and surrender (termination) charges
which generally diminish over 15 years. CalFarm Life's interest sensitive life
insurance products and annuity products contain features to minimize the effect
of inflation and interest rate fluctuations. As a result, management does not
believe the impact of inflation on these products will be material.

    In 1993, CalFarm Life continued its sales of tax sheltered annuity products,
specifically, those designed for school teachers and administrators. Total
annuity deposits of $56,764,000, $83,600,000, and $80,203,000 were collected for
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Zenith's ability to profit from its annuity
business depends upon its ability to manage the spread between the interest it
earns on its investment portfolio and the interest credited to the annuity
deposits; policy and premium persistency; the efficiency of operations; and the
limiting of its risk of defaults on its investment portfolio. CalFarm Life's
annuity products are primarily sold to school teachers in California and recent
(and future) budgetary actions with respect to education, in addition to the
weak California economy, may reduce annuity sales in the future. However,
increased personal federal income tax rates may increase the desire to
accumulate retirement income on a tax deferred basis.

    Health insurance is the largest line of insurance written by CalFarm Life,
accounting for $41,370,000 or approximately 81% of its total premium income in
1993. Prior to July 1, 1993 health premiums were written under two group health
insurance programs sponsored by the California Farm Bureau Federation (the "Farm
Bureau"). Effective July 1, 1993, one of the Farm Bureau plans was discontinued
by CalFarm Life. Insureds under this plan were offered membership in the
remaining Farm Bureau-sponsored plan.

    Life insurance premium rates are based on pricing assumptions as to future
mortality, investment yields, expenses, and persistency. Although a margin for
profit is included, the actual profitability of the products can be
significantly affected by the deviation of actual experience from the
assumptions. The actual experience in recent years on investment yields has been
more favorable than anticipated, while the experience on premium persistency on
new business has been less favorable than anticipated; experience with respect
to expenses and mortality rates have been in line with pricing assumptions.

                                       5
<PAGE>
    Life insurance in force is a measure of the total commitment of CalFarm Life
to pay benefits under the policies it has written that are currently in effect
or, "in force." Changes in life insurance in force are summarized in the
following table for all classes of insurance.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                      --------------------------------------
                                                         1993          1992          1991
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>
In force -- beginning of year.....................    $2,951,649    $2,686,030    $2,447,958
Issued for new policies...........................       605,201       500,084       374,691
Reinstated policies...............................         1,514         2,066           915
Net additions (reductions) to policies............      (316,477)       32,921        90,869
Additions by dividend.............................         2,223         2,265         2,409
Reduction due to:
  Death claims....................................         6,159         6,974         6,128
  Expirations and maturities......................         2,665         2,770         2,679
  Surrenders and lapses...........................       237,307       231,100       204,820
  Conversions.....................................        21,801        30,873        17,185
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
In force -- end of year...........................     2,976,178     2,951,649     2,686,030
  Less reinsurance ceded..........................       453,025       287,980       247,994
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
Net retained in force -- end of year..............    $2,523,153    $2,663,669    $2,438,036
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
</TABLE>

    The results of operations of CalFarm Life reflect the effect of purchase
accounting adjustments including policy liabilities and accruals and the value
of life insurance in force based on actuarial estimates. These actuarial
estimates were based on then current assumptions applied in calculating policy
reserves, policyholder dividend amounts and related policy acquisition costs to
be incurred, discounted to provide an appropriate rate of return.

  PARENT

    Zenith is a holding company owning directly or indirectly all of the capital
stock of certain California insurance and insurance related-companies. In 1993,
Zenith commenced a real estate operation through a newly formed subsidiary,
Perma-Bilt. Perma-Bilt has expended approximately $7.2 million through December
31, 1993 to acquire land in Las Vegas, Nevada and develop private residences for
sale in 1994.

LOSS AND LOSS EXPENSE RESERVES AND CLAIMS, AND LOSS DEVELOPMENTS

    Zenith's property and casualty subsidiaries (the "P&C Companies") maintain
reserves for the payment of losses and for the expenses of settling both
reported and unreported claims that have been incurred under their insurance
policies. The amount of such reserves, as related to reported claims, is based
upon periodic case-by-case evaluation and judgment by the P&C Companies' claims
departments, with actuarial review. The estimate of unreported claims arising
from accidents which have not yet been reported to the P&C Companies, commonly
known in the industry as "incurred but not reported," is based upon the P&C
Companies' experience and statistical information with respect to the probable
number and nature of such claims. The P&C Companies monitor these factors and
revise their reserves as they deem appropriate. Reserves are based on estimates
and no assurance can be given that the ultimate liability will not be more or
less than such estimates.

    Reference is made to "Property and Casualty Loss Development" on pages 50
and 51, the table setting forth statutory loss and loss adjustment expense
development by accident year on page 10 and the table setting forth the
reconciliation of changes in the liabilities for losses and loss adjustment
expenses on page 9 of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, all of which are
hereby incorporated by reference. These tables and the reconciliation show
analysis of development of loss and loss adjustment expense liabilities as
originally estimated under generally accepted accounting principles at December
31 of each year presented, as well as analysis of development of statutory

                                       6
<PAGE>
incurred loss and loss adjustment expense by accident year. The accounting
methods used to estimate these liabilities are described in Note 1 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements of Zenith as set forth on pages 58 through
61 of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders which note is hereby incorporated
by reference.

  WORKERS' COMPENSATION

    Zenith's Workers' Compensation reserves, on the average, are paid within
approximately 2 1/2-3 years. Zenith regards the timely settlement of its
Workers' Compensation claims as important to its profitability and makes
extensive use of compromise and releases for claim settlements to expedite this
process.

    In recent years, the California workers' compensation industry has
experienced a relative increase in fraud and abuse including fraudulent claims
for psychological and continuous trauma types of injuries, often alleged after
the claimant has terminated his or her employment, and abusive billing practices
by medical-legal providers. Zenith Insurance has invested additional resources
in recent years to try to mitigate the effect of these adverse claims trends.
Loss adjustment expenses as a percentage of earned premium, increased to 28.5%
in 1993 from 21.4% and 13.2% for 1992 and 1991, respectively. Zenith believes
that the significant increase in expenditures on the loss adjustment process,
including measures to combat fraudulent claims and abuses of the workers'
compensation system, ultimately may cause the total loss and loss adjustment
expenses to be lower than would otherwise be the case although there can be no
assurance that total loss and loss adjustment expenses will be lower.

    In 1993 the one year loss development on reserves showed unfavorable
development of $4,704,000, due principally to development of prior year reserves
for unpaid loss adjustment expenses caused by increased expenditures on the loss
adjustment process. The one year development on reserves for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses in 1992 showed unfavorable development of $13,502,000
and favorable development of $464,000, in 1991.

    Zenith Insurance maintains five regional offices in California and an office
in Texas, each of which is fully staffed to conduct all workers' compensation
claims operations, including review of initial reports of work injury,
assignment of appropriate field investigation and determination of whether
subrogation should be pursued. Workers' Compensation claims operations are
supported by a computer system that provides immediate access to policy coverage
verification and claims records and enables Zenith Insurance to detail claims
payment histories and policy loss experience reports.

  AUTOMOBILE AND OTHER PROPERTY AND CASUALTY

    Automobile and Other Property and Casualty loss reserves are paid, on the
average, within approximately 1 1/2-2 years.

    In addition to inflated medical and hospital costs, an increase in the
incidence of fraudulent and questionable claims in recent years has given rise
to a steady increase in the cost of adjusting claims. The one year development
of Automobile and Other Property and Casualty reserves for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses showed unfavorable development of $4,657,000 in 1993
and $5,177,000 in 1992 but showed favorable development of $1,741,000 for 1991.
Unfavorable development in 1993 was attributable to development of prior year
reserves for unpaid loss adjustment expenses caused by an increase in
expenditures on the loss adjustment process, particularly for legal expenses of
claims servicing.

    Property losses in 1993 and 1992 were impacted by an adverse frequency of
weather and fire related losses. Losses in 1993 included $1,600,000, of which
$1,000,000 was assessed by the California Fair Plan, attributable to the
Southern California brush fires in the fall.

    Commercial General Liability ("C.G.L.") policies written by CalFarm
Insurance contain exclusion clauses for damages resulting from pollution, and
such losses are thereby substantially excluded

                                       7
<PAGE>
from coverage. Although such claims have been received by CalFarm Insurance,
management believes that such claims will not have a material adverse effect on
Zenith's consolidated financial condition either individually or in the
aggregate.

    CalFarm Insurance maintains three claims offices and four legal offices in
California to conduct all claims operations of the other property and casualty
business. All claims operations of
CalFarm Insurance are supervised by its home office claims department.

  REINSURANCE

    Zenith expects that, on the average, its Reinsurance reserves will be paid
in approximately 6-7 years.

    Zenith's Reinsurance reserves constitute approximately 20% of its total
reserves, net of reinsurance, for property and casualty unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses at December 31, 1993, reflecting the longer average life of
such reserves relative to its other principal lines of business. In addition to
information supplied by ceding companies, Zenith makes use of industry
experience in arriving at estimates of ultimate losses for certain reinsurance
assumed arrangements. Reserve adequacy in 1992 and prior years was adversely
affected by development on property losses associated with catastrophes and
other large, worldwide property losses. The one year development of Reinsurance
reserves showed favorable development of $290,000 in 1993 and adverse
development of $1,255,000 and $5,290,000 in 1992 and 1991, respectively.

    In 1992, Zenith Insurance incurred losses of approximately $9.8 million
associated with Hurricanes "Andrew" and "Iniki."

    Zenith Insurance has participated, to a limited extent, in the reinsurance
arrangements of ceding companies that have written both directors' and officers'
liability coverage ("D & O") policies and professional indemnity policies,
including such coverage written for practicing certified public accountants.
Actions alleging negligence against directors, officers or accountants by
parties suffering financial losses in savings and loan failures give rise to
claims under D & O policies or professional indemnity policies which, in turn,
give rise to claims against Zenith Insurance. Such claims have not had, and are
not expected to have in the future, a material adverse effect on Zenith's
consolidated financial condition.

INVESTMENTS

    Investment policies of Zenith and its insurance subsidiaries are established
by their respective Boards of Directors, taking into consideration California
legal restrictions with respect to investments in connection with reserve
obligations as well as the nature and amount of various kinds of investments.
(See "Business -- Regulation.") Zenith adjusts its investment strategy to
reflect the needs of Zenith's different businesses, changes in the economic
environment and tax laws and its objective of maximizing the rate of return with
consideration for maintaining principal values (see "Investments" under
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and
Results of Operations on pages 41 through 44 of Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders which is hereby incorporated by reference). Historic declines in
interest rates during the three years ended December 31, 1993 have reduced
investment income while increasing the fair values of certain investments.
Partly as a result of concern over the volatility of interest rates, Zenith has
elected to maintain a relatively short average life and substantial liquidity in
its investment portfolio. At December 31, 1993 the investment portfolios of
Zenith, Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Insurance consisted primarily of
intermediate-term, taxable bonds, redeemable preferred stocks and short-term
investments. At December 31, 1993 CalFarm Life's investment portfolio consisted
primarily of taxable long-term, intermediate-term and short-term securities. The
average life of the consolidated portfolio was 6.8 years; the portfolio of all
companies excluding CalFarm Life had an average life of 2.4 years; and the
portfolio of CalFarm Life had an average life of 11.1 years. Investment income
by segment is set forth in Note 15 -- "Segment Information" on pages 67 and 68
of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders which note is hereby incorporated by
reference.

                                       8
<PAGE>
REINSURANCE CEDED

    In accordance with general industry practices, Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries annually purchase excess of loss reinsurance.

    Reinsurance makes the assuming reinsurer liable to the ceding company to the
extent of the reinsurance. It does not, however, discharge the ceding company
from its primary liability to insureds in the event that the reinsurer is unable
to meet its obligations under such reinsurance treaty. Historically, no material
costs have been incurred by Zenith or its subsidiaries from uncollected
reinsurance.

    Reinsurance premiums ceded by Zenith's insurance subsidiaries amounted to
$22,457,000, $22,231,000 and $21,498,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively or
4.6%, 4.8% and 4.7% of earned premiums in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Reinsurance reserves amounted to $44,552,000, $32,701,000 and $27,956,000 in
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, or 8.7%, 6.6% and 5.9% of gross reserves for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
The purpose of such reinsurance is to protect Zenith from the impact of large,
unforseen losses and such reinsurance reduces the magnitude of sudden and
unpredictable changes in net income and the capitalization of insurance
operations. Zenith monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers and does
not believe that it is exposed to any material risk of loss through its ceded
reinsurance arrangements. Zenith believes that its ceded reinsurance
arrangements are adequate and consistent with industry practice. Each insurance
subsidiary maintains separate reinsurance arrangements, which during 1993 were
as follows:

    Zenith Insurance -- Workers' Compensation reinsurance covered all claims
between $500,000 and $100,000,000 per occurrence. The coverage from $500,000 to
$5,000,000 is placed with General Reinsurance Corporation, the coverage from
$5,000,000 to $10,000,000 with Employers Reinsurance Corporation and the
remaining three layers from $10,000,000 to $60,000,000 primarily with Cigna
Reinsurance Company, NAC Reinsurance Corporation, Prudential Reinsurance Company
and the London reinsurance market (primarily Lloyds' syndicates and certain
United Kingdom reinsurance companies). Catastrophe reinsurance covers an
additional $40,000,000 in excess of $60,000,000 and is placed with Northwestern
National Life Insurance Company, Cigna Reinsurance Company and Pinehurst
Accident Reinsurance Group. Zenith Insurance has never experienced a loss in
excess of $6,900,000. Zenith's Reinsurance division did not purchase any
reinsurance protection on its assumed business for 1991, 1992 or 1993. However,
Zenith's exposure to losses from assumed reinsurance is limited by the terms
upon which it is written to a maximum probable loss from any one event of
approximately 5% of Zenith's consolidated stockholders' equity.

    CalFarm Insurance -- For personal property lines of business, reinsurance is
maintained for claims in excess of $200,000 up to $2,000,000 per occurrence. For
commercial property lines, reinsurance is maintained for claims in excess of
$200,000, up to $4,000,000 per occurrence. On liability coverages for both
personal and commercial lines, reinsurance covers losses up to $2,500,000 per
occurrence, subject to a retention of $500,000. This reinsurance coverage is all
placed with General Reinsurance Corporation. CalFarm Insurance also has property
catastrophe reinsurance, for which the lead reinsurer is General Reinsurance
Corporation, that provides for recovery of losses of 95% of $20,000,000, excess
of a retention of $5,000,000.

    In addition, there is a quota share contract whereby CalFarm Insurance
retains 20% of the first $1,000,000 on most umbrella risks (comprehensive
coverage in excess of primary policy limits) underwritten, with the remainder of
up to $10,000,000 ceded to General Reinsurance Corporation. Facultative
reinsurance is placed on property coverage in excess of $2,000,000 on personal
lines and $4,000,000 on all other property lines, and on umbrella limits in
excess of $10,000,000. Facultative reinsurance is used on fewer than 5% of
CalFarm Insurance's policies. Facultative coverage is placed primarily with
General Reinsurance Corporation. Other companies used are Employers Reinsurance
Corporation, Munich American Reinsurance Company and other reinsurers rated A+
by A.M. Best Company.

                                       9
<PAGE>
    CalFarm Life -- Yearly renewable term insurance treaties are maintained with
eight life insurers, through which CalFarm Life ceded 16% and 11% of its
ordinary life insurance in force as of year end 1993 and 1992, respectively. Its
principal reinsurers are American United Life Insurance Company, Indiana;
Frankona America Life Reassurance Company, Missouri; Munich American Reassurance
Company, Georgia; North American Reassurance Company, New York; Gerling Global
Life Insurance Company, Canada; and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
Company, California. Maximum net retention on any one life is $250,000. CalFarm
Life also maintains reinsurance agreements with Employers Reinsurance
Corporation for excess risks on its accident and health contracts. This excess
risk reinsurance provides coverage for aggregate losses in excess of $2,400,000
on those claims that exceed $120,000 for each insured in each calendar year.

    Pooling Agreement -- Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and
Zenith Star are parties to a pooling agreement. Under the agreement, the results
of underwriting operations are ceded (the risks are transferred) to Zenith
Insurance and are then reapportioned, or retro-ceded (the risks are transferred
back), to those three companies in the following proportions: Zenith Insurance,
79.5%; CalFarm Insurance, 18%; ZNAT Insurance, 2%; and Zenith Star, 0.5%.
Transactions pursuant to the pooling agreement are eliminated on consolidation
and have no impact on Zenith's Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December
31, 1993 no direct premiums have been written by Zenith Star.

MARKETING AND STAFF

    Zenith Insurance's workers' compensation business is produced by
approximately 500 independent licensed insurance agents and brokers throughout
California and Texas along with the CalFarm agents referred to below. Zenith
Insurance's assumed reinsurance premiums are generated nationally by brokers and
reinsurance intermediaries.

    CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, through their affiliate CalFarm
Insurance Agency, maintain a sales force of approximately 240 agents who sell
insurance products exclusively for CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, primarily
in rural and suburban areas. These agents operate out of 106 offices throughout
the State of California, including 37 offices shared with the Farm Bureau. In
addition, in certain areas, independent agents market CalFarm Insurance
products. CalFarm Life also markets a tax sheltered annuity product through a
managing general agent and approximately 750 appointed sub-agents.

    Applications for insurance submitted by all agents and brokers are evaluated
by professional underwriters based upon numerous factors, including underwriting
criteria and standards, geographic areas of underwriting concentration,
actuarial judgments of rate adequacy, economic considerations, and review of
known data on the particular risk. Zenith's insurance subsidiaries, as opposed
to their agents and brokers, retain authority over underwriting, claims
processing, safety engineering and auditing.

CALIFORNIA FARM BUREAU FEDERATION

    Prior to the acquisition by Zenith Insurance of its property and casualty
business, C-F Insurance Company (and its wholly-owned subsidiary CalFarm Life)
was owned by the Farm Bureau, a federation of each county farm bureau in the
State of California. The Farm Bureau was formed to provide its members with a
variety of agriculture-related services, including property and casualty, health
and life insurance. The Farm Bureau is California's largest general farm
organization, and represents more than 70,000 member families in 53 counties.
The Farm Bureau continues to work actively to encourage its membership to place
their insurance with CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance. Farm Bureau membership
is a prerequisite to the purchase of farmowners, automobile and health insurance
from CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance. Of the estimated 70,000 member
families, approximately 63% are insured by CalFarm Insurance or CalFarm Life.
The businesses of CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance are closely tied to the
California farm economy, however over 42% of Farm Bureau members (and CalFarm
Insurance and CalFarm Life insureds) are non-farmers and over 64% of CalFarm
Insurance and CalFarm Life premium volume is

                                       10
<PAGE>
generated by non-farm business. Total revenues in CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm
Life attributable to sales that were sponsored by the Farm Bureau constituted
approximately 26%, 27% and 28% of Zenith's total consolidated revenues for the
years 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. The agreement of CalFarm Insurance and
CalFarm Life with the Farm Bureau, which is subject to cancellation by either
party on six months' notice, requires annual payments to the Farm Bureau of
$240,000 plus 2% of the gross written premium under the Farm Bureau group health
insurance program. Pursuant to such provisions, total payments to the Farm
Bureau were approximately $1 million in each of 1993, 1992 and 1991.

    Zenith believes that its relationship with the Farm Bureau is mutually
beneficial. CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life benefit from the use of the
CalFarm name and the Farm Bureau membership lists, and their ability to sell
their products to Farm Bureau members is enhanced by the Farm Bureau
relationship. The Farm Bureau benefits since Farm Bureau membership is required
to obtain automobile, farmowners and health insurance policies (but not life
insurance) from CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, which generates membership
and revenues for the Farm Bureau. If the relationship between CalFarm Insurance
and CalFarm Life and the Farm Bureau were terminated, Zenith believes that it
could retain a significant amount of the business it currently has with Farm
Bureau members because of the quality and tailored features of the products it
offers in what it regards as its "niche market" and the long-term relationships
established between its agents and these policyholders. In the event of such
termination, however, Zenith expects that there would be an increased risk of
nonrenewal of existing insurance coverage as well as a possible adverse effect
on new policy revenues, but it cannot estimate the financial impact of any such
termination. Zenith anticipates the continuation of a close working relationship
with the Farm Bureau and the promotion among its membership of the purchase of
insurance products from CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life as an attractive
feature of Farm Bureau membership.

COMPETITION

    Competition in the insurance business is based upon price, product design
and quality of service. After December 31, 1994, the repeal of minimum rate laws
in California will introduce price as a basis of competition for California
workers' compensation policies. The insurance industry is highly competitive and
Zenith's subsidiaries compete not only with other stock companies, but with
mutual companies, other underwriting organizations and the State Compensation
Insurance Fund. Competition also exists from self-insurance and captive
insurers. Over the years there has been increased competition from
direct-writing companies and, in the property and casualty field, from
affiliates of large life insurance companies. Many companies in competition with
Zenith's subsidiaries have been in business for a much longer time, have a
larger volume of business, are more widely known, and/or possess substantially
greater financial resources.

REGULATION

  CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE

    Zenith's insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by
the California Department of Insurance, which has broad regulatory, supervisory
and administrative powers. These powers relate, among other things, to the
granting and revocation of licenses to transact business; the licensing of
agents; the standards of solvency to be met and maintained; the nature of and
limitations on investments; approval of policy forms and rates; periodic
examination of the affairs of insurance companies; and the form and content of
required financial statements.

    Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and Zenith Star are
required, with respect to their workers' compensation line of business, to
maintain on deposit investments meeting specified standards that have an
aggregate market value equal to the companies' loss reserves. For this purpose,
loss reserves are defined as the current estimate of reported and unreported
claims plus a statutory formula reserve based on a minimum of 65% of earned
premiums for the latest three years.

                                       11
<PAGE>
    CalFarm Life is required to establish, as liabilities, actuarial reserves on
life insurance policies and annuities as prescribed by regulatory authorities.
Statutory reserves are calculated at amounts that are, together with premiums or
annuity considerations to be received on outstanding policies or annuity
contracts, and with interest on such reserves compounded annually at certain
assumed rates, deemed sufficient to meet the policy obligations at death or
maturity or to meet the annuity obligations pursuant to the contract, each in
accordance with mortality tables used when the policy or contract was issued.

    Detailed annual and quarterly reports must be filed by Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries with the California Department of Insurance, and their businesses
and accounts are subject to periodic examination by such agency, usually at
three year intervals. Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and
CalFarm Life Insurance, were examined as of December 31, 1990, and the report on
such examination contained no material findings.

  THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS

    The National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") is a group
formed by state Insurance Commissioners to discuss issues and formulate policy
with respect to regulation, reporting and accounting of insurance companies.
Although the NAIC has no legislative authority and insurance companies are at
all times subject to the laws of their respective domiciliary states, and to a
lesser extent other states in which they conduct business, the NAIC is
influential in determining the form in which such laws are enacted. In
particular, the Model Insurance Laws, Regulations and Guidelines of the NAIC
(the "Model Laws") have been promulgated by the NAIC as a minimum standard by
which state regulatory systems and regulations are measured. Adoption of state
laws which provide for substantially similar regulations to those described in
the Model Laws is a requirement for the accreditation by the NAIC of a state's
insurance regulations.

    The NAIC has adopted model regulations to require insurers to maintain
minimum levels of capital based on their investments and operations, known as
"risk based capital" ("RBC") requirements. Such requirements were adopted by
California for Life Insurance companies in 1993. Such regulations are expected
to be adopted for property and casualty insurers in 1994. Zenith does not
anticipate any adverse effects of such requirements because of the strong
capitalization of its insurance operations. At December 31, 1993, CalFarm Life's
adjusted capital under the RBC regulations was 375% of the RBC control, or
required, level of capital under the regulations.

    The NAIC Insurance Regulatory Information System ("IRIS") was developed to
assist insurance departments in overseeing the financial condition of insurance
companies. Annually, IRIS key financial ratios (11 ratios for property and
casualty companies and 12 ratios for life companies) are calculated from data
supplied in annual statutory statements of insurance companies. These ratios are
reviewed by experienced financial examiners of the NAIC to select those
companies that merit highest priority in the allocation of the regulators'
resources. The 1993 IRIS results for the Zenith Insurance Group (consisting of
Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and Zenith Star) showed no
results outside the "normal range" for such ratios, as such range is determined
by the NAIC. At December 31, 1993, one such ratio for CalFarm Life, "change in
premium", was outside such "normal range" because of a decrease in the volume of
annuity receipts in 1993 compared to 1992. CalFarm Life's annuity receipts
decreased from $83 million in 1992 to $56 million in 1993, partly because of
economic and tax uncertainties and because of competition for such products.

  INSURANCE HOLDING COMPANY SYSTEM REGULATORY ACT

    Zenith's insurance subsidiaries are also subject to the California Insurance
Holding Company System Regulatory Act ("Holding Company Act"), which contains
certain reporting requirements, including the requirement that such subsidiaries
file information relating to capital structure, ownership, financial condition
and general business operation, and limits dividend payments by

                                       12
<PAGE>
Zenith's insurance subsidiaries. See "Liquidity and Inflation" under
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and
Result of Operations" on pages 46 through 47 of Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders, which is hereby incorporated by reference.

  HEALTH CARE REFORM

    The federal and state executive branches and legislatures and the health
insurance industry continue to debate the level of responsibility of private
carriers to provide universal insurance for all American citizens, including the
uninsured and the uninsurable. Health care reform legislation was introduced
into the U.S. Congess in 1993. It is not possible to predict the impact of this
debate on CalFarm Life's business until definitive legislation, if any, emerges.

  OTHER REGULATION

    Property and casualty insurance coverage is subject to certain regulation as
described herein under "Property and Casualty -- Other, Principally Automobile"
under which Zenith's other property and casualty rates are subject to prior
approval by the California Department of Insurance. The provisions of
Proposition 103 do not apply to Workers' Compensation insurance or Reinsurance,
which combined to account for 66% of Zenith's property and casualty earned
premiums in 1993.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

    Zenith Insurance owns a 120,000 square foot office facility in the Warner
Center area of Los Angeles which, since November of 1987, has been the corporate
home office of Zenith, Zenith Insurance, and ZNAT Insurance.

    In addition, Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, in the
regular conduct of their business, are lessees of offices in various cities. See
Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Zenith on pages 65
and 66 of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, which note is hereby
incorporated by reference.

    CalFarm Life owns 25% and CalFarm Insurance owns 75% of the home office
building (and surrounding property of approximately 4 acres) occupied by those
companies in Sacramento, California, consisting of 133,000 square feet.
Approximately 20% of the building is leased to the Farm Bureau and affiliates.
In addition, CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance Agency lease and occupy, in a
nearby building in Sacramento, California, approximately 30,000 square feet
under a lease expiring January 31, 1997.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    Zenith and its subsidiaries are involved in certain litigation. In the
opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, such litigation in
which Zenith is a defendant is either without merit or the ultimate liability,
if any, will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
condition of Zenith.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    Not applicable.

                                       13
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

    Zenith's Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, is traded on the New York
Stock Exchange. The table below sets forth the high and low sales prices of the
Common Stock for each quarterly period during the last two fiscal years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
QUARTER                                                          1993        1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------    -------     -------
<S>                                                             <C>         <C>
First
  High......................................................     29 1/4      17 1/4
  Low.......................................................     19 5/8      14 1/2
Second
  High......................................................     27 1/4      19 1/4
  Low.......................................................     23 1/4      15 1/2
Third
  High......................................................     29 1/8      19 1/2
  Low.......................................................     23 1/2      16 1/2
Fourth
  High......................................................     28 3/4      20
  Low.......................................................     21 1/4      16 3/8
</TABLE>

    As of March 25, 1994, there were 476 holders of record of Zenith Common
Stock.

    The table below sets forth information with respect to the amount and
frequency of dividends declared on Zenith Common Stock. Based upon Zenith's
financial condition, it is currently expected that cash dividends will continue
to be paid in the future.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        DATE OF DECLARATION             TYPE AND AMOUNT OF        RECORD DATE FOR
          BY ZENITH BOARD                    DIVIDEND                 PAYMENT               PAYMENT DATE
- ------------------------------------  -----------------------  ---------------------  ------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                      <C>                    <C>
December 5, 1991....................  $.25 cash per share      January 31, 1992       February 14, 1992
March 5, 1992.......................  $.25 cash per share      April 30, 1992         May 15, 1992
May 21, 1992........................  $.25 cash per share      July 31, 1992          August 14, 1992
September 10, 1992..................  $.25 cash per share      October 30, 1992       November 13, 1992
December 10, 1992...................  $.25 cash per share      January 29, 1993       February 12, 1993
March 11, 1993......................  $.25 cash per share      April 30, 1993         May 14, 1993
May 26, 1993........................  $.25 cash per share      July 30, 1993          August 13, 1993
September 8, 1993...................  $.25 cash per share      October 29, 1993       November 12, 1993
December 9, 1993....................  $.25 cash per share      January 31, 1994       February 14, 1994
</TABLE>

    The Holding Company Act limits the ability of Zenith Insurance and CalFarm
Life to pay dividends to Zenith, and of CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and
Zenith Star to pay dividends to Zenith Insurance, by providing that the
California Department of Insurance must approve any dividend that, together with
all other such dividends paid during the preceding twelve months, exceeds the
greater of: (a) 10% of the paying company's statutory surplus as regards
policyholders at the preceding December 31; or (b) 100% of the net income (or in
the case of CalFarm Life, net gain from operations) for the preceding year. In
addition, any such dividend must be paid from policyholders' surplus
attributable to accumulated earnings. During 1993, Zenith Insurance paid
dividends of $25,000,000 to Zenith. During 1994, Zenith Insurance and CalFarm
Life will be able to pay $40,969,000 and $5,924,000, respectively, in dividends
to Zenith without prior approval. In addition, in 1994, $1,117,000 can be paid
by ZNAT Insurance and Zenith Star to Zenith Insurance which would be available
to Zenith in 1995.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

    The five-year record of operations and accompanying notes, included in
Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders on pages 48 and 49, is hereby
incorporated by reference.

                                       14
<PAGE>
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL CONDITION
        AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

    "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition
and Results of Operations," included in Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders on pages 36 to 47 is hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

    Reference is made to pages 50 and 51 of Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to
Stockholders for information setting forth the loss and loss adjustment expense
liability development for 1983 through 1993 and page 10 for incurred loss and
loss adjustment expense development for 1988 through 1993, and to the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto on pages 52 to 69 of
Zenith's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, all of which are hereby
incorporated by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

    None.

                                       15
<PAGE>
                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

    The information set forth under the captions "Election of Directors" and
"Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act" in the Proxy Statement in
connection with Zenith's 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy
Statement") is hereby incorporated by reference.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  OFFICER
NAME                 AGE                    POSITION                     TERM      SINCE
- -----------------    ---    ----------------------------------------    ------    -------
<S>                  <C>    <C>                                         <C>       <C>
Stanley R. Zax       56     Chairman of the Board, President(1)         Annual      1977
Fredricka Taubitz    50     Executive Vice President and                Annual      1985
                            Chief Financial Officer(1)
William L. Gentz     53     Senior Vice President(1)                    Annual      1989
James P. Ross        47     Senior Vice President and Actuary(1)        Annual      1978
John J. Tickner      55     Senior Vice President and Secretary(1)      Annual      1985
Keith E. Trotman     57     Senior Vice President(2)                    Annual      1988
Philip R. Hunt       51     Vice President, Finance(2)                  Annual      1988
Philip M. Joffe      39     President, CalFarm Life(2)                  Annual      1986
<FN>
- ------------------------
(1) Officer of Zenith and subsidiaries.
(2) Officer of subsidiaries only.
</TABLE>

    Each of the executive officers has, for more than five years, occupied an
executive position with Zenith or a subsidiary of Zenith.

    There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and
there are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of them were
selected as officers.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

    The information set forth under the headings "Summary Compensation Table,"
"Option/SAR Grants in Last Fiscal Year," and "Aggregated Option/SAR Exercises in
Last Fiscal Year And Fiscal Year End Option/SAR Values," "Employment Agreements
and Termination of Employment and Change in Control Arrangements," "Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," and the last paragraph under
the heading "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement is hereby
incorporated by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

    The information set forth under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated
by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

    The information set forth in footnote 3 to the table set forth under the
caption "Election of Directors" and under the heading, "Loan to Executive
Officer" in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.

                                       16
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

    (a) Documents filed as part of the report:

         1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

               Independent Accountant's Report

               Financial Statements and notes thereto incorporated by reference
               from the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders in Item 8 of Part II
               above:

               Consolidated Financial Statements of Zenith National Insurance
               Corp. and Subsidiaries:

                     Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 1993 and 1992

                     Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended
                     December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991

                     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended
                     December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991

                     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the
                     years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991

                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

               Table setting forth the reconciliation of changes in the
               liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses on page 9 of
               the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders

               Table setting forth incurred loss and loss adjustment expense
               development on a statutory basis on page 10 of the 1993 Annual
               Report to Stockholders

         2.FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

           Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

               As of December 31, 1993.

               I -- Summary of Investments -- Other Than Investments in Related
               Parties

               As of December 31, 1993 and 1992

               II -- Amounts Receivable From Related Parties and Underwriters,
                     Promoters and Employees Other Than Related Parties

               For the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.

               V -- Supplementary Insurance Information

               VI -- Reinsurance

               IX -- Short-term Borrowings

           Zenith National Insurance Corp.

               As of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and for the years ended December
               31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.

               III -- Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

        Property and Casualty Loss Developments on pages 50 and 51 and on page
        10 of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders.

        Schedules other than those listed above are omitted since they are not
        applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth
        therein is included in the consolidated financial statements, or in
        notes thereto.

                                       17
<PAGE>
       3. EXHIBITS

   The Exhibits listed below are filed in a separate Exhibit Volume to this
   Report.

<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
           3.1     Certificate of Incorporation of Zenith as in effect immediately prior to November 22,
                   1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to Zenith's Amendment on Form 8,
                   date of amendment October 10, 1985, to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of
                   report July 26, 1985). Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of
                   Zenith, effective November 22, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
                   Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report November 22, 1985).
           3.2     By-Laws of Zenith, as currently in effect. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   3.2 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988.)
           4.1     Indenture dated as of May 1, 1992 entered into between Zenith and Norwest Bank
                   Minnesota, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which Zenith issued its 9%
                   Senior Notes due May 1, 2002. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to Zenith's
                   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1992.)
           10.1    Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1981, among Reliance Insurance Company,
                   Zenith, the Selling Stockholders referred to therein, and Eugene V. Klein, Daniel
                   Schwartz and Harvey L. Silbert as agents for the Selling Stockholders. (Incorporated
                   herein by reference to the exhibit to the Schedule 13D filed by Reliance Financial
                   Services Corporation on March 9, 1981 with respect to the common stock of Zenith).
           10.2    Asset and Liability Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 4, 1985, between Zenith
                   Insurance and the Insurance Commissioner of the State of California (the
                   "Commissioner"). (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to Zenith's Current
                   Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
           10.3    Memorandum and Agreement of Closing dated as of July 26, 1985, among Zenith Insurance,
                   Zenith and the Commissioner (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
                   Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985), together with
                   the following exhibits:
                   (a) Exhibit A -- Grant Deed, dated July 25, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor of Zenith
                       Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual
                       Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
                   (b) Exhibit B -- Bill of Sale, dated as of July 26, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor
                       of Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's
                       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
                   (c) Exhibit C -- Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities, dated as of July
                       26, 1985, between the Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by
                       reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                       December 31, 1985).
                   (d) Exhibit D -- Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985, between the
                       Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 28.3
                       to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
                   (e) Exhibit E -- First Assignment Separate from Certificate, dated July 26, 1985, by the
                       Commissioner in favor of Zenith. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6
                       to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
                   (f)  Exhibit F -- Engagement and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985,
                        between Zenith Insurance and the Commissioner. (Incorporated herein by reference to
                        Exhibit 28.2 to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
           *10.4   Zenith's Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as in effect immediately prior to December 6,
                   1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's Registration Statement on Form S-8
                   (SEC File No. 2-97962)).
           *10.5   Zenith's Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, adopted by Zenith's Board
                   of Directors on December 6, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
                   Registration Statement on Form S-8
                   (SEC File No. 33-8948)).
           *10.6   Employment Agreement, dated May 24, 1990, between Zenith and Fredricka Taubitz.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1990).
           *10.7   Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 1990, between Zenith and John J. Tickner.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1990).
           *10.8   Employment Agreement, dated as of February 28, 1990, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1990).
           *10.9   Stock Option Agreement, dated as of May 19, 1987, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
                   10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987).
           10.10   Promissory Note, dated January 9, 1991, in an original principal amount of $3,000,000,
                   by Stanley R. Zax in favor of Zenith. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10
                   to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1990).
           10.11   Credit Agreement, as amended, dated as of November 30, 1988 between Zenith and Sanwa
                   Bank of California. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Zenith's
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992).
           10.12   Revolving Note Agreement, dated July 1, 1993, between Zenith and City National Bank.
           10.13   Revolving Note Agreement, dated August 15, 1993 between Zenith and City National Bank.
           10.14   Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated December 1, 1993, between Sanwa Bank of
                   California and Zenith Insurance.
           10.15   Agreement of Reinsurance #6966 between Zenith Insurance Company and General Reinsurance
                   Corporation, dated as of December 21, 1984. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   10.13 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.16   Workers' Compensation and Employers' Liability Reinsurance Agreement between Zenith
                   Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance Corporation, effective January 1, 1986.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
           10.17   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7276 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of February 5, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.18   Agreement of Reinsurance No. B226 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.16 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.19   Agreement of Reinsurance No. B197-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.17 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.20   Agreement of Reinsurance No. B196-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.18 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.21   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7832 between General Reinsurance Corporation and CalFarm
                   Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
           10.22   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 623-0005 between American Re-Insurance Company and CalFarm
                   Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
           10.23   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 0079460 between Employers Reinsurance Corporation and
                   CalFarm Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
           10.24   Life, Disability and Accidental Death Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
                   Life Insurance Company and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, effective
                   June 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Zenith's Annual
                   Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.25   Life, Disability and Accidental Death Facultive Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
                   Insurance Company and Occidental Life Insurance Company of California, effective April
                   1, 1971. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Zenith's Annual Report on
                   Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.26   Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and American United Life
                   Insurance Company, effective August 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 10.22 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.27   Excess Major Medical Reinsurance Agreement (No. 0076820/Specific and Aggregate
                   Retentions) between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance
                   Corporation, effective January 1, 1993.
           10.28   Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
                   American Reassurance Company, effective June 1, 1991. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.24 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                   1992.)
           10.29   Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
                   American Reassurance Company, effective February 21, 1991. (Incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                   December 31, 1992.)
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
           10.30   Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and
                   Gerling Global Life Insurance Company, effective March 1, 1992. (Incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                   December 31, 1992.)
           11      Computation of Earnings Per Share for the three (3) years ended
                   December 31, 1993
           13      Zenith's Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended
                   December 31, 1993, but only to the extent such report is expressly incorporated by
                   reference herein, and such report is not otherwise to be deemed "filed" as a part of
                   this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
           21      Subsidiaries of Zenith.
           23      Consent of Coopers & Lybrand, dated March 29, 1994. (Incorporated herein by reference to
                   page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
           28      Property and Casualty Loss Statistics.
           99.1    Information required by rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the
                   year ended December 31, 1993 for the Zenith Investment Partnership 401(k) Plan (to be
                   filed by amendment on Form 10-K/A within 180 days of December 31, 1993).
<FN>
- ------------------------
*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
</TABLE>

   (b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

        None

                                       21
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 29, 1994.

                                          ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.

                                          By            STANLEY R. ZAX
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       Stanley R. Zax
                                            Chairman of the Board and President

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated, on March 29, 1994.

<TABLE>
<C>                                             <S>
                STANLEY R. ZAX                  Chairman of the Board, President and
- ---------------------------------------------   Director (Principal Executive Officer)
                Stanley R. Zax
               GEORGE E. BELLO                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               George E. Bello
               MAX M. KAMPELMAN                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               Max M. Kampelman
                JACK M. OSTROW                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------
                Jack M. Ostrow
             WILLIAM S. SESSIONS                Director
- ---------------------------------------------
             William S. Sessions
              HARVEY L. SILBERT                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
              Harvey L. Silbert
             ROBERT M. STEINBERG                Director
- ---------------------------------------------
             Robert M. Steinberg
              SAUL P. STEINBERG                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
              Saul P. Steinberg
               GERALD TSAI, JR.                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               Gerald Tsai, Jr.
              FREDRICKA TAUBITZ                 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
- ---------------------------------------------   Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting
              Fredricka Taubitz                 Officer)
</TABLE>

                                       22
<PAGE>
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on
Form S-8 (File Nos. 33-8948 and 33-22219) of our report dated February 17, 1994
on our audits of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedules of Zenith National Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
1993 and 1992, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1993, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                          COOPERS & LYBRAND

Los Angeles, California
March 29, 1994

                                      F-1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT'S REPORT

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
  of Zenith National Insurance Corp.

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Zenith National
Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, which financial
statements are included on pages 52 through 68 of the Company's 1993 Annual
Report to Stockholders and incorporated by reference herein. We have also
audited the financial statement schedules listed in the index on page 17 of this
Form 10-K. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Zenith National
Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. In addition, in our opinion, the financial
statement schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects,
the information required to be included therein.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
changed its method of accounting for investments as of December 31, 1993.

                                          COOPERS & LYBRAND

Los Angeles, California
February 17, 1994

                                      F-2
<PAGE>
                    SCHEDULE I -- SUMMARY OF INVESTMENTS --
                   OTHER THAN INVESTMENTS IN RELATED PARTIES
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                               DECEMBER 31, 1993

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     COLUMN D
                                                                     COLUMN C     ---------------
                     COLUMN A                          COLUMN B     ----------    AMOUNT AT WHICH
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------       FAIR        SHOWN IN THE
                TYPE OF INVESTMENT                       COST         VALUE        BALANCE SHEET
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ---------------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>
Fixed maturities
  Bonds:
    United States Government and government
      agencies and authorities....................    $  441,946    $  443,551    $      442,369
    Public utilities..............................        71,438        75,849            73,178
    Industrial and miscellaneous..................       541,811       592,012           558,497
  Redeemable preferred stocks.....................        33,217        32,975            32,975
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
        Total fixed maturities....................     1,088,412     1,144,387         1,107,019
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
Equity securities
  Floating rate preferred stocks..................        30,582        31,495            31,495
  Convertible and nonredeemable preferred
    stocks........................................        11,545        11,246            11,246
  Common stocks, industrial.......................        14,485        15,575            15,575
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
        Total equity securities...................        56,612        58,316            58,316
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
Mortgage loans on real estate.....................         4,515         4,515             4,515
Policy loans......................................        39,609        39,609            39,609
Short-term investments............................       276,841       276,841           276,841
Other investments.................................        14,097        14,097            14,097
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
        Total investments.........................    $1,480,086    $1,537,765    $    1,500,397
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
</TABLE>

                                      F-3
<PAGE>
           SCHEDULE II -- AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES AND
        UNDERWRITERS, PROMOTERS AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      COLUMN D
                                                              -------------------------             COLUMN E
                                                                                           --------------------------
                                   COLUMN B                          DEDUCTIONS
                                  ----------                  -------------------------     BALANCE AT END OF PERIOD
           COLUMN A               BALANCE AT     COLUMN C        (1)            (2)        --------------------------
- ------------------------------    BEGINNING     ----------     AMOUNTS        AMOUNTS         (1)            (2)
        NAME OF DEBTOR            OF PERIOD     ADDITIONS     COLLECTED     WRITTEN OFF     CURRENT      NOT CURRENT
- ------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ----------    -----------    ----------    ------------
<S>                               <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
1993
        Stanley R. Zax            $2,300,000       -0-        $2,300,000       -0-            -0-           -0-
1992
        Stanley R. Zax            $2,800,000       -0-        $  500,000       -0-         $2,300,000       -0-
1991
        Stanley R. Zax               -0-        $3,000,000    $  200,000       -0-         $2,800,000       -0-
</TABLE>

    In January 1991, Zenith loaned the sum of $3,000,000 to Mr. Zax. The loan
was evidenced by a promissory note which was payable on January 9, 1994, with
interest, payable each quarter until maturity, at a rate equal to the Prime
Rate. The loan was unsecured.

    Under  the terms of the  loan, Mr. Zax was  able to prepay, without penalty,
all or any  portion of  the principal  indebtedness, together  with accrued  and
unpaid interest. The note was repaid in full on September 23, 1993.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>
         SCHEDULE III -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                                     ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                              ----------------------------
                                                                                                  1993            1992
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
<S>                                                                                           <C>             <C>
Investments
  Common stocks, at market (cost $607,000, 1993 and $3,955,000, 1992).....................    $    637,000    $  4,015,000
  Short-term investments (at cost which approximates market)..............................      14,996,000       9,192,000
Cash......................................................................................       1,869,000       2,260,000
Investment in subsidiaries (Note A).......................................................     405,982,000     362,975,000
Federal income taxes receivable from subsidiaries (Note A)................................                       3,139,000
Other assets..............................................................................      13,716,000       5,084,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total assets......................................................................    $437,200,000    $386,665,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                       LIABILITIES
Senior notes payable, less unamortized discount of $1,011,000, 1993 and $1,132,000,
  1992....................................................................................    $ 73,989,000    $ 73,868,000
Cash dividends payable to stockholders....................................................       4,711,000       4,704,000
Federal income taxes payable..............................................................       3,925,000
Other liabilities.........................................................................       5,110,000       6,495,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total liabilities.................................................................      87,735,000      85,067,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock, $1 par--shares authorized 1,000,000; issued and outstanding, none in 1993
  and 1992................................................................................
Common stock, $1 par--shares authorized 50,000,000; issued 23,910,000, outstanding
  18,841,000, 1993; issued 23,562,000, outstanding 18,813,000, 1992.......................      23,910,000      23,562,000
Additional paid-in capital................................................................     249,092,000     242,226,000
Retained earnings.........................................................................     148,043,000     113,867,000
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments net of $7,093,000 deferred taxes
  in 1993.................................................................................      13,176,000        (668,000)
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                                                               434,221,000     378,987,000
Less treasury stock at cost (5,069,000 shares, 1993 and 4,749,000 shares, 1992)...........     (84,756,000)    (77,389,000)
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total stockholders' equity........................................................     349,465,000     301,598,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity........................................    $437,200,000    $386,665,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to condensed financial information.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
         SCHEDULE III -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                    ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                        1993            1992             1991
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>              <C>
Investment income, net of expenses of $51,000, 1993, $51,000, 1992 and $35,000,
 1991...........................................................................    $    492,000    $     852,000    $     400,000
Realized gains (losses) on investments..........................................         895,000       (1,447,000)      (1,754,000)
Lawsuit settlement..............................................................       7,561,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Total revenue...................................................................       8,948,000         (595,000)      (1,354,000)
Operating expense...............................................................       3,478,000        3,222,000        3,236,000
Interest expense................................................................       6,658,000        6,472,000        5,430,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Loss from operations before federal income tax benefit, equity in net income of
  insurance subsidiaries, extraordinary item and cumulative effect of accounting
  change........................................................................      (1,188,000)     (10,289,000)     (10,020,000)
Federal income tax benefit......................................................         516,000        3,128,000        2,857,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Loss from operations before equity in net income of insurance subsidiaries,
  extraordinary item and cumulative effect of accounting change.................        (672,000)      (7,161,000)      (7,163,000)
Extraordinary item -- debt retirement cost, net of tax benefit of $698,000......                       (1,355,000)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes......................                         (187,000)
Equity in net income of insurance subsidiaries
  (Note A)......................................................................      53,872,000       37,403,000       53,064,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Net income......................................................................    $ 53,200,000    $  28,700,000    $  45,901,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to condensed financial information.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
         SCHEDULE III -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                            STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                    -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                        1993             1992             1991
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Investment income received....................................................    $     485,000    $     846,000    $     400,000
  Recovery from lawsuit settlement..............................................        4,094,000
  Operating expenses paid.......................................................       (3,309,000)      (3,674,000)      (2,616,000)
  Interest paid.................................................................       (6,552,000)      (6,073,000)      (5,128,000)
  Income taxes refunded.........................................................        8,524,000        1,206,000        5,104,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flows from operating activities....................................        3,242,000       (7,695,000)      (2,240,000)
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchase of invested assets...................................................                        (2,597,000)
  Proceeds from sales of invested assets........................................        4,243,000        1,219,000
  Net change in short-term investments..........................................       (7,264,000)      (7,716,000)        (145,000)
  Cash received (advanced) received from note receivable........................        2,300,000          500,000       (2,800,000)
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flows from investing activities....................................         (721,000)      (8,594,000)      (2,945,000)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Cash received from bank line of credit........................................        1,000,000        6,350,000       32,300,000
  Cash paid on bank line of credit..............................................       (1,000,000)     (40,150,000)     (36,600,000)
  Cash dividends paid to common stockholders....................................      (19,018,000)     (18,927,000)     (19,012,000)
  Retirement of Senior Notes payable 1994.......................................                       (17,740,000)
  Net proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes payable 2002.......................                        73,787,000
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options.......................................        6,261,000        4,526,000          599,000
  Purchase of treasury shares...................................................       (7,367,000)      (5,686,000)      (4,954,000)
  Dividends received from subsidiaries..........................................       25,000,000       15,000,000       33,000,000
  Capital contribution to subsidiary............................................         (250,000)
  Loan to subsidiary............................................................       (7,538,000)
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flows from financing activities....................................       (2,912,000)      17,160,000        5,333,000
Net increase (decrease) in cash.................................................         (391,000)         871,000          148,000
Cash at beginning of year.......................................................        2,260,000        1,389,000        1,241,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
Cash at end of year.............................................................    $   1,869,000    $   2,260,000    $   1,389,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income....................................................................    $  53,200,000    $  28,700,000    $  45,901,000
  Net income of insurance subsidiaries..........................................      (53,872,000)     (37,403,000)     (53,064,000)
  Realized (gains)/losses on investments........................................         (895,000)       1,447,000        1,754,000
  Amortization of discount and issue costs on senior notes......................          121,000        1,822,000          457,000
  Federal income taxes..........................................................        8,007,000       (2,433,000)       2,247,000
  Increase in receivable from lawsuit settlement................................       (3,467,000)
  Other.........................................................................          148,000          172,000          465,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flow from operating activities.....................................    $   3,242,000    $  (7,695,000)   $  (2,240,000)
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to condensed financial information.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
         SCHEDULE III -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    The accompanying condensed financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
Zenith National Insurance Corp. (Zenith) and subsidiaries.

A.  Investment In Subsidiaries:

        Zenith owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of the outstanding stock of
    Zenith Insurance Company, CalFarm Insurance Company, ZNAT Insurance Company,
    Zenith Star Insurance Company, CalFarm Life Insurance Company and
    Perma-Bilt, a Nevada Corporation. These investments are included in the
    financial statements on the equity basis of accounting. Temporary advances
    in the ordinary course of business are included in other assets. The excess
    of cost over net assets acquired of $2,009,000 represents the unamortized
    excess of cost over underlying net tangible assets of companies acquired
    prior to 1970, which is considered to have continuing value.

        Zenith files a consolidated federal income tax return. The equity in the
    income of insurance subsidiaries of $53,872,000 in 1993, $37,403,000 in 1992
    and $53,064,000 in 1991 is net of a provision for federal income tax expense
    of $20,795,000 in 1993, $3,498,000 in 1992 and $9,476,000 in 1991.

        Zenith has formulated tax allocation procedures with its subsidiaries
    and the 1993, 1992 and 1991 condensed financial information reflect Zenith's
    portion of the consolidated taxes.

        Zenith Insurance Company paid dividends to Zenith of $25,000,000 in
    1993, $15,000,000 in 1992 and $33,000,000 in 1991. CalFarm Insurance Company
    paid a dividend of $5,000,000 to Zenith Insurance Company in 1992.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>
               SCHEDULE V -- SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  COLUMN C
                                                -------------
                                   COLUMN B     FUTURE POLICY                    COLUMN E
                                 ------------     BENEFITS,                    ------------                   COLUMN G
                                   DEFERRED        LOSSES,        COLUMN D     OTHER POLICY     COLUMN F     -----------
           COLUMN A                 POLICY         CLAIMS       ------------    CLAIMS AND    ------------       NET
- ------------------------------   ACQUISITION      AND LOSS        UNEARNED       BENEFITS       PREMIUM      INVESTMENT
           SEGMENT                  COSTS         EXPENSES        PREMIUMS       PAYABLE        REVENUE        INCOME
- ------------------------------   ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                              <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
1993
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $  4,264,000   $286,452,000    $32,109,000                   $244,661,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     11,704,000     87,418,000     68,182,000                    137,945,000
  Reinsurance.................      1,048,000     94,848,000      6,889,000                     23,295,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                   17,016,000    468,718,000    107,180,000                    405,901,000   $36,643,000
Health and Life...............     91,400,000    153,771,000      4,716,000    $ 5,934,000      63,921,000    55,339,000
Reinsurance ceded.............                    45,282,000
Registrant....................                                                                                   492,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
  Total.......................   $108,416,000   $667,771,000    $111,896,000   $ 5,934,000    $469,822,000   $92,474,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
1992
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $  4,647,000   $266,092,000    $30,853,000                   $221,652,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     10,460,000     90,262,000     56,663,000                    137,392,000
  Reinsurance.................        620,000    107,795,000      3,378,000                     18,382,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                   15,727,000    464,149,000     90,894,000                    377,426,000   $42,276,000
Health and Life...............     75,292,000    138,000,000      5,502,000    $ 7,041,000      64,448,000    53,486,000
Reinsurance ceded.............                    33,387,000      5,403,000
Registrant....................                                                                                   852,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
  Total.......................   $ 91,019,000   $635,536,000    $101,799,000   $ 7,041,000    $441,874,000   $96,614,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
1991
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $  3,726,000   $241,439,000    $24,295,000                   $208,989,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     11,220,000     90,848,000     58,010,000                    140,732,000
  Reinsurance.................      1,637,000    107,893,000      7,868,000                     26,347,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                   16,583,000    440,180,000     90,173,000                    376,068,000   $45,727,000
Health and Life...............     60,027,000    134,308,000      5,406,000    $ 7,209,000      61,556,000    49,558,000
Registrant....................                                                                                   400,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
  Total.......................   $ 76,610,000   $574,488,000    $95,579,000    $ 7,209,000    $437,624,000   $95,685,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------

<CAPTION>

                                   COLUMN H        COLUMN I
                                 -------------   ------------
                                   BENEFITS,     AMORTIZATION    COLUMN J
                                    CLAIMS,      OF DEFERRED    -----------     COLUMN K
           COLUMN A               LOSSES AND        POLICY         OTHER      ------------
- ------------------------------    SETTLEMENT     ACQUISITION     OPERATING      PREMIUMS
           SEGMENT                 EXPENSES         COSTS        EXPENSES       WRITTEN
- ------------------------------   -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
<S>                              <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>
1993
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $164,815,000    $ 33,317,000   $19,736,000   $245,917,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     96,715,000      26,598,000    20,336,000    143,223,000
  Reinsurance.................     13,678,000       3,384,000       896,000     26,807,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                  275,208,000      63,299,000    40,968,000    415,947,000
Health and Life...............     84,448,000       2,202,000    24,267,000
Reinsurance ceded.............
Registrant....................                                    3,478,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
  Total.......................   $359,656,000    $ 65,501,000   $68,713,000   $415,947,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
1992
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $166,065,000    $ 33,868,000   $20,260,000   $228,209,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     96,224,000      26,231,000    20,061,000    136,077,000
  Reinsurance.................     27,443,000       3,674,000     1,267,000     13,892,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                  289,732,000      63,773,000    41,588,000    378,178,000
Health and Life...............     85,493,000       (494,000)    18,898,000
Reinsurance ceded.............
Registrant....................                                    3,222,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
  Total.......................   $375,225,000    $ 63,279,000   $63,708,000   $378,178,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
1991
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $145,961,000    $ 33,856,000   $22,491,000   $213,956,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     92,599,000      27,278,000    20,163,000    143,257,000
  Reinsurance.................     26,291,000       7,033,000       691,000     23,195,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                  264,851,000      68,167,000    43,345,000    380,408,000
Health and Life...............     79,924,000          88,000    18,634,000
Registrant....................                                    3,236,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
  Total.......................   $344,775,000    $ 68,255,000   $65,215,000   $380,408,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
</TABLE>

                                      F-9
<PAGE>
                           SCHEDULE VI -- REINSURANCE
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                          COLUMN F
                                                                             COLUMN C      COLUMN D                      ----------
                                                             COLUMN B      ------------   -----------                    PERCENTAGE
                                                          --------------     CEDED TO       ASSUMED        COLUMN E      OF AMOUNT
                                                              GROSS           OTHER       FROM OTHER    --------------    ASSUMED
                       COLUMN A                               AMOUNT        COMPANIES      COMPANIES      NET AMOUNT       TO NET
- -------------------------------------------------------   --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>
DECEMBER 31, 1993
Life insurance in force................................   $2,976,178,000   $453,025,000                 $2,523,153,000
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
Premiums earned
  Life insurance.......................................   $   22,707,000   $    156,000                 $   22,551,000
  Accident and health insurance........................       42,667,000      1,297,000                     41,370,000
  Property and casualty insurance......................      400,811,000     21,004,000   $26,094,000      405,901,000        6.4%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
      Total premiums earned............................   $  466,185,000   $ 22,457,000   $26,094,000   $  469,822,000        5.6%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
DECEMBER 31, 1992
Life insurance in force................................   $2,951,649,000   $287,980,000                 $2,663,669,000
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
Premiums earned
  Life insurance.......................................   $   20,891,000   $    574,000                 $   20,317,000
  Accident and health insurance........................       44,935,000        804,000                     44,131,000
  Property and casualty insurance......................      378,922,000     20,853,000   $19,357,000      377,426,000        5.1%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
      Total premiums earned............................   $  444,748,000   $ 22,231,000   $19,357,000   $  441,874,000        4.4%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
DECEMBER 31, 1991
Life insurance in force................................   $2,686,030,000   $247,994,000                 $2,438,036,000
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
Premiums earned
  Life insurance.......................................   $   18,850,000   $    428,000                 $   18,422,000
  Accident and health insurance........................       43,770,000        636,000                     43,134,000
  Property and casualty insurance......................      368,971,000     20,434,000   $27,531,000      376,068,000        7.3%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
      Total premiums earned............................   $  431,591,000   $ 21,498,000   $27,531,000   $  437,624,000        6.3%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
</TABLE>

                                      F-10
<PAGE>
                      SCHEDULE IX -- SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                COLUMN A                                                    COLUMN D      COLUMN E       COLUMN F
- ----------------------------------------                                   -----------   -----------   -------------
                CATEGORY                    COLUMN B        COLUMN C         MAXIMUM       AVERAGE       WEIGHTED
                   OF                      -----------   --------------      AMOUNT        AMOUNT         AVERAGE
               AGGREGATE                     BALANCE        WEIGHTED       OUTSTANDING   OUTSTANDING   INTEREST RATE
               SHORT-TERM                   AT END OF       AVERAGE        DURING THE    DURING THE     DURING THE
               BORROWINGS                    PERIOD      INTEREST RATE       PERIOD      PERIOD (1)     PERIOD (2)
- ----------------------------------------   -----------   --------------    -----------   -----------   -------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>               <C>           <C>           <C>
Amounts payable to banks (3)
  1993..................................       -0-            -0-          $ 1,000,000   $    83,000              5.45%
  1992..................................       -0-            -0-          $20,000,000   $ 5,883,000              5.95%
  1991..................................   $16,900,000           5.95%     $26,350,000   $18,133,000              7.9%
<FN>
- ------------------------
(1)   Computed on the average of month-end balances.
(2)   Computed using actual daily amount charged when line was drawn, divided by
      the number of days outstanding.
(3)   Amounts payable to banks are borrowed under a line of credit borrowing
      arrangement which is subject to renewal, annually, on July 1.
</TABLE>

                                      F-11
<PAGE>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                            ------------------------

                                    EXHIBITS
                                       TO
                                   FORM 10-K

              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993

                            ------------------------

                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT LIST

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     SEQUENTIALLY
 EXHIBIT                                                                                               NUMBERED
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION                                              PAGE
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -----------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
  3.1      Certificate of Incorporation of Zenith as in effect immediately prior to November 22,
           1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to Zenith's Amendment on Form 8,
           date of amendment October 10, 1985, to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of
           report July 26, 1985). Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of
           Zenith, effective November 22, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
           Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report November 22, 1985).
  3.2      By-Laws of Zenith, as currently in effect. (Incorporated herein by reference to
           Exhibit 3.2 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
           1988.)
  4.1      Indenture dated as of May 1, 1992 entered into between Zenith and Norwest Bank
           Minnesota, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which Zenith issued its 9%
           Senior Notes due May 1, 2002. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to
           Zenith's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1992.)
 10.1      Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1981, among Reliance Insurance Company,
           Zenith, the Selling Stockholders referred to therein, and Eugene V. Klein, Daniel
           Schwartz and Harvey L. Silbert as agents for the Selling Stockholders. (Incorporated
           herein by reference to the exhibit to the Schedule 13D filed by Reliance Financial
           Services Corporation on March 9, 1981 with respect to the common stock of Zenith).
 10.2      Asset and Liability Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 4, 1985, between Zenith
           Insurance and the Insurance Commissioner of the State of California (the
           "Commissioner"). (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to Zenith's Current
           Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
 10.3      Memorandum and Agreement of Closing dated as of July 26, 1985, among Zenith Insurance,
           Zenith and the Commissioner (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
           Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985), together
           with the following exhibits:
           (a) Exhibit A -- Grant Deed, dated July 25, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor of
               Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to
              Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
               1985).
           (b) Exhibit B -- Bill of Sale, dated as of July 26, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor
               of Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
           (c) Exhibit C -- Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities, dated as of July
               26, 1985, between the Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
               ended December 31, 1985).
           (d) Exhibit D -- Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985, between the
               Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
               28.3 to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
           (e) Exhibit E -- First Assignment Separate from Certificate, dated July 26, 1985, by
               the Commissioner in favor of Zenith. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
               10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     SEQUENTIALLY
 EXHIBIT                                                                                               NUMBERED
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION                                              PAGE
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -----------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
           (f)  Exhibit F -- Engagement and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985,
                between Zenith Insurance and the Commissioner. (Incorporated herein by reference
                to Exhibit 28.2 to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26,
                1985).
*10.4      Zenith's Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as in effect immediately prior to December
           6, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's Registration Statement on Form
           S-8 (SEC File No. 2-97962)).
*10.5      Zenith's Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, adopted by Zenith's
           Board of Directors on December 6, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
           Registration Statement on Form S-8
           (SEC File No. 33-8948)).
*10.6      Employment Agreement, dated May 24, 1990, between Zenith and Fredricka Taubitz.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1990).
*10.7      Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 1990, between Zenith and John J. Tickner.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1990).
*10.8      Employment Agreement, dated as of February 28, 1990, between Zenith and Stanley R.
           Zax. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Zenith's Annual Report on
           Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1990).
*10.9      Stock Option Agreement, dated as of May 19, 1987, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987).
 10.10     Promissory Note, dated January 9, 1991, in an original principal amount of $3,000,000,
           by Stanley R. Zax in favor of Zenith. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
           10.10 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1990).
 10.11     Credit Agreement, as amended, dated as of November 30, 1988 between Zenith and Sanwa
           Bank of California. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Zenith's
           Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992).
 10.12     Revolving Note Agreement, dated July 1, 1993, between Zenith and City National Bank.
 10.13     Revolving Note Agreement, dated August 15, 1993 between Zenith and City National Bank.
 10.14     Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated December 1, 1993, between Sanwa Bank of
           California and Zenith Insurance.
 10.15     Agreement of Reinsurance #6966 between Zenith Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of December 21, 1984. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.16     Workers' Compensation and Employers' Liability Reinsurance Agreement between Zenith
           Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance Corporation, effective January 1, 1986.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
 10.17     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7276 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of February 5, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     SEQUENTIALLY
 EXHIBIT                                                                                               NUMBERED
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION                                              PAGE
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -----------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
 10.18     Agreement of Reinsurance No. B226 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.19     Agreement of Reinsurance No. B197-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.20     Agreement of Reinsurance No. B196-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.21     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7832 between General Reinsurance Corporation and CalFarm
           Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
 10.22     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 623-0005 between American Re-Insurance Company and
           CalFarm Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
 10.23     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 0079460 between Employers Reinsurance Corporation and
           CalFarm Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
 10.24     Life, Disability and Accidental Death Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
           Life Insurance Company and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, effective
           June 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Zenith's Annual
           Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
 10.25     Life, Disability and Accidental Death Facultive Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
           Insurance Company and Occidental Life Insurance Company of California, effective April
           1, 1971. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Zenith's Annual Report
           on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
 10.26     Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and American United Life
           Insurance Company, effective August 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to
           Exhibit 10.22 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
           1991.)
 10.27     Excess Major Medical Reinsurance Agreement (No. 0076820/Specific and Aggregate
           Retentions) between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance
           Corporation, effective January 1, 1993.
 10.28     Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
           American Reassurance Company, effective June 1, 1991. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1992.)
 10.29     Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
           American Reassurance Company, effective February 21, 1991. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1992.)
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     SEQUENTIALLY
 EXHIBIT                                                                                               NUMBERED
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION                                              PAGE
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -----------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
 10.30     Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and
           Gerling Global Life Insurance Company, effective March 1, 1992. (Incorporated herein
           by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 1992.)
 11        Computation of Earnings Per Share for the three (3) years ended
           December 31, 1993.
 13        Zenith's Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 1993, but only
           to the extent such report is expressly incorporated by reference herein, and such
           report is not otherwise to be deemed "filed" as a part of this Annual Report on Form
           10-K.
 21        Subsidiaries of Zenith
 23        Consent of Coopers & Lybrand, dated March 29, 1994. (Incorporated herein by reference
           to page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
 28        Property and Casualty Loss Statistics.
 99.1      Information required by rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the
           year ended December 31, 1993 for the Zenith Investment Partnership 401(k) Plan (to be
           filed by amendment on Form 10-K/A within 180 days of December 31, 1993).
<FN>
- ------------------------
*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

CITY NATIONAL BANK                                                REVOLVING NOTE
                                                        (INTEREST TIED TO PRIME)

                                                                  11552 Note No.
                                                                  -----
$20,000,000.00
                                                       Head Office
                                                  Beverly Hills, California
                                                       July 1, 1993

     On September 1, 1993, the undersigned, ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP., a
Delaware corporation ("Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of CITY NATIONAL
BANK, a national banking association ("CNB"), at its office in this city, in
lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds,
the principal sum of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000), or so much thereof as
may be advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon to be computed on each
advance from the date of its disbursement at a rate computed on the basis of a
360-day year, actual days elapsed, equal to the Prime Rate of CNB, as it exists
from time to time, minus fifty-five one hundredths of one percent (0.55%) per
year.  Any change in the Prime Rate shall become effective on the same business
day on which the Prime Rate shall change, without prior notice to Borrower.

     All or any portion of the principal of this Note may be borrowed, repaid
and reborrowed from time to time prior to maturity, provided at the time of any
borrowing no Event of Default (as herein defined) exists, and provided further
that the total borrowings outstanding at any one time shall not exceed the
principal amount stated above.  Each borrowing and repayment hereunder shall be
noted in the books and records of CNB.  The excess of borrowings over repayments
shall evidence the principal balance due hereon from time to time and at any
time.  Borrowings hereunder shall be conclusively presumed to have been made to
or for the benefit of Borrower when made as noted in such books and records.

     Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable on September 1, 1993.

     The occurrence of any of the following with respect to Borrower or any
guarantor of this Note or any general partner of such Borrower or guarantor,
shall constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:

1.   The failure to make any payment of principal or interest when due under
     this Note;

2.   The filing of a petition by or against any of such parties under any
     provisions of the BANKRUPTCY CODE;

3.   The appointment of a receiver or an assignee for the benefit of creditors;

4.   The commencement of dissolution or liquidation proceedings or the
     disqualification of any such parties, which is a corporation, partnership,
     joint venture or any other type of entity;

5.   The death or incapacity of any of such parties who is an individual;

6.   The revocation of any guaranty of this Note;

7.   Any financial statement provided by any of such parties to CNB is false or
     misleading;

<PAGE>

8.   Any material default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or
     any material default under any provisions of any contract or instrument
     pursuant to which any of such parties has incurred any obligation for
     borrowed money, any purchase obligation or any other liability of any kind
     to any person or entity, including CNB;

9.   Any sale or transfer of all or a substantial or material part of the assets
     of any of such parties other than in the ordinary course of business; or

10.  Any violation, breach or default under any letter agreement, guaranty,
     security agreement, deed of trust or any other contract or instrument
     executed in connection with this Note or securing this Note.

     Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, CNB, at its option, may
declare all sums of principal and interest outstanding hereunder to be
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
dishonor all of which are expressly waived by Borrower, and CNB shall have no
obligation to make any further advances hereunder.  Each Borrower agrees to pay
all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, expended or
incurred by the holder (or allocable to the holder's in-house counsel) in
connection with the enforcement of this Note or the collection of any sums due
hereunder and irrespective of whether suit is filed.  Any principal or interest
not paid when due hereunder shall thereafter bear additional interest from its
due date at a rate of two percent (2.0%) per year higher than the interest rate
as determined and computed above, and continuing thereafter until paid.

     Should more than one person or entity execute this Note as a Borrower, the
obligations of each such Borrower shall be joint and several.

     This Note and all matters relating hereto, shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California.

                                   ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP., a
                                   Delaware corporation




                                   By:  /s/
                                        -------------------------------
                                        Stanley R. Zax, Chairman of the
                                        Board/President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

CITY NATIONAL BANK                                                REVOLVING NOTE
                                                        (INTEREST TIED TO PRIME)

                                                                   ____ Note No.
$20,000,000.00
                                                            Head Office
                                                      Beverly Hills, California
                                                            August 15, 1993

      On July 1, 1994, the undersigned, ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP., a
Delaware corporation ("Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of CITY NATIONAL
BANK, a national banking association ("CNB"), at its office in this city, in
lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds,
the principal sum of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000), or so much thereof as
may be advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon to be computed on each
advance from the date of its disbursement at a rate computed on the basis of a
360-day year, actual days elapsed, equal to the Prime Rate of CNB, as it exists
from time to time, minus fifty-five one hundredths of one percent (0.55%) per
year.  Any change in the Prime Rate shall become effective on the same business
day on which the Prime Rate shall change, without prior notice to Borrower.

      All or any portion of the principal of this Note may be borrowed, repaid
and reborrowed from time to time prior to maturity, provided at the time of any
borrowing no Event of Default (as herein defined) exists, and provided further
that the total borrowings outstanding at any one time shall not exceed Twenty
Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00).  Each borrowing and repayment hereunder shall
be noted in the books and records of CNB.  The excess of borrowings over
repayments shall evidence the principal balance due hereon from time to time and
at any time.  Borrowings hereunder shall be conclusively presumed to have been
made to or for the benefit of Borrower when made as noted in such books and
records.

      Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable on the first day of each
calendar quarter, commencing October 1, 1993.

      A facility fee equal to $75,000.00 shall be payable in four (4) equal
consecutive installments, each in the amount of $18,750.00, on August 15, 1993,
November 15, 1993, February 15, 1994, and May 15, 1994.

      The occurrence of any of the following with respect to Borrower shall
constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:

1.    The failure to make any payment of principal or interest when due under
      this Note, when such failure continues for ten (10) days after notice form
      CNB;

2.    The filing of a petition by or against Borrower under any provisions of
      the BANKRUPTCY CODE;

3.    The appointment of a receiver or an assignee for the benefit of Borrower's
      creditors;

4.    The commencement of dissolution or liquidation proceedings or the
      disqualification of Borrower, whether a corporation, partnership, joint
      venture or any other type of entity;

5.    Any financial statement provided by Borrower to CNB is false or
      misleading;

<PAGE>

6.    Any material default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or
      any material default under any provisions of any material contract or
      instrument pursuant to which Borrower has incurred any obligation for
      borrowed money, any purchase obligation or any other liability of any kind
      to any person or entity; including CNB;

7.    Any sale or transfer of all or a substantial or material part of the
      assets of Borrower other than in the ordinary course of business; or

8.    Any material violation, breach or default under any letter agreement or
      any other contract or instrument executed in connection with this Note of
      securing this Note.

      Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, CNB, at its option, may
declare all sums of principal and interest outstanding hereunder to be
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
dishonor all of which are expressly waived by Borrower, and CNB shall have no
obligation to make any further advances hereunder.  Borrower agrees to pay all
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, expended or incurred
by the holder (or allocable to the holder's in-house counsel) in connection with
the enforcement of this Note or the collection any sums due hereunder and
irrespective of whether suit is filed.  Any principal or interest not paid when
due hereunder shall thereafter bear additional interest from its due date at a
rate of two percent (2.0%) per year higher than the interest rate as determined
and computed above, and continuing thereafter until paid.

      Should more than one person or entity execute this Note as a Borrower, the
obligations of each such Borrower shall be joint and several.

      This Note and all matters relating hereto, shall be governed by the laws
of the State of California.

                                          ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP., a
                                          Delaware corporation




                                          By:   /s/
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Stanley R. Zax, Chairman of the
                                             Board/President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.14
<TEXT>

<PAGE>



                       LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY AGREEMENT

     THIS LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and
entered into this 1st day of December 1993 by and between SANWA BANK CALIFORNIA
(the "Bank") and ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY (the "Borrower").


                                    SECTION I
                                AGREEMENT TO LEND

     1.01  COMMITMENT TO LEND.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and so long as no Event of Default occurs, the Bank agrees to extend
to the Borrower the credit accommodations that follow.

     1.02  LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY.  The Bank agrees to issue standby letters
of credit (each a "Letter of Credit") on behalf of the Borrower upon the
Borrower's application therefor which application shall be in the Bank's
standard form and to which an attachment in the form of Exhibit "A" (or in such
form as the parties mutually agree) may at Borrower's option be attached [the
"Application"].  At no time, however, shall the total available amount of all
Letters of Credit outstanding (plus any unpaid draws paid by the Bank) exceed
the sum of $3,000,000; provided that any sums repaid hereunder may be
reborrowed.  Each Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance satisfactory
to the Bank, provided that the Bank may refuse to issue a Letter of Credit due
to the nature of the transaction or its terms or in connection with any
transaction where the Bank, due to the beneficiary or the nationality or
residence of the beneficiary, would be prohibited by any applicable law,
regulation or order from issuing such Letter of Credit.

     1.03  LETTER OF CREDIT FEES; COSTS  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay to
the Bank on the date of issuance and each calendar quarter thereafter (in
advance), a Letter of Credit Fee in the amount of .25% per quarter of the face
amount of each Letter of Credit outstanding and upon the Bank's request, the
Borrower shall promptly pay to the Bank issuance fees and such other fees,
commissions, costs and any out-of-pocket expenses charged or incurred by the
Bank with respect to any Letter of Credit.  The Letter of Credit Fee and other
costs and fees, where applicable, shall be computed on the basis of 360 days per
year, but charged on the actual number of days elapsed.

     1.04  INDEMNIFICATION.  In the event that the Bank agrees to issue any
Letter of Credit wherein the Letter of Credit is subject to and governed by the
laws of a state other than the State of California and the Uniform Customs and
Practice for Documentary Credits (1983 Revision), International Chamber of
Commerce Publication No. 400 or subsequent revisions ("UCP 400") and, further
providing that in the event of any conflict between the laws of a state other
than the State of California and UCP 400, the laws of the state other than the
State of California will control, the Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds the
Bank, including, without limitation, its directors, officers, agents, employees,
successors and assigns, harmless from and against any and all liability, loss,
claims, demands, causes of action, judgments, damages and expenses, including
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, in connection with the Bank
making:  (i) any payment pursuant to the Letter of Credit where such payment is
legal, authorized or otherwise appropriate under the other state's version of
the Uniform Commercial Code or UCP 400 (ii) any payment after the expiry date of
the Letter of Credit where a draw was made prior to the expiry date which the
Bank did not honor but which the Bank or any court or other finder of fact
determines should have been honored.

          In the event that the Bank agrees to issue any Letter of Credit
wherein:  (a) the Bank agrees to make payment to any successor by operation of
law of the named beneficiary including, without limitation, any liquidator,
rehabilitator, receiver or conservator; and (b) the Bank agrees to make payment
following the expiration of the Letter of Credit during an interruption of
business as described in Article 19 of UCP 400 or Article 17 of the Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (1993 Revision), International
Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 500 ("UCP 500") if the Letter of Credit is
drawn against within 30 days after the resumption of business, the Borrower
hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank harmless including, without limitation,
its directors, officers, agents, employees, successor and assigns , from and
against any and all liability, loss, claims, demands, causes of action,
judgments, damages and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable
attorney fees, in connection with the Bank making payment to any successor in
interest, liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the beneficiary
or any party that purports to be any successor in interest, liquidator,
rehabilitator, receiver or conservator of the beneficiary and in connection with
any payment made after the expiration date of the Letter of Credit as a result
of interruption of business as described in Article 19 of UCP 400 or Article 17
of UCP 500.

                                       -1-

<PAGE>

     1.05  REPAYMENT OF DRAWINGS.  The Borrower hereby promises and agrees to
pay to the Bank immediately upon the Bank's demand, the amount of each drawing
under each Letter of Credit issued hereunder (each, a "Drawing").

     1.06  EXPIRATION DATE.  Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement, the commitment by the Bank to issue Letters of Credit
shall automatically terminate on December 31, 1994 (the "Expiration Date") and
no Letter of Credit shall expire on a date which is after the Expiration Date.


                                   SECTION II
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

     2.01  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO FIRST LETTER OF CREDIT.  Prior to issuance of
the first Letter of Credit hereunder, the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to the Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank, evidence
relating to the duly given approval and authorization of the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement, all other documents, instruments and
agreements required under this Agreement and all other actions to be taken by
the Borrower hereunder or thereunder.

     2.02  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EACH LETTER OF CREDIT.  The obligation of the
Bank to issue each Letter of Credit (including the first Letter of Credit) is
subject to the further conditions precedent that, as of the date of the issuance
of each Letter of Credit and thereafter:

          A.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and
warranties set forth below and in any other document, instrument, agreement or
certificate delivered to the Bank hereunder are true and correct.

          B.  EVENT OF DEFAULT.  No event has occurred and is continuing which
constitutes, or, which with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both, would
constitute an Event of Default as defined below.

          C.  APPLICATION.  The Borrower shall deliver to the Bank no later than
10:00 a.m. one day prior to the day such Letter of Credit is to be issued, a
duly executed form of the Application.

          D.  MISCELLANEOUS DOCUMENTS.  Such other documents and opinions as the
Bank may reasonably require with respect to the transactions described in this
Agreement.

     For the purposes hereof, the Borrower's delivery to the Bank of an
Application shall be deemed to constitute the Borrower's representation and
warranty that the statements set forth in Section 2.02A and 2.02B above are true
and correct.


                                   SECTION III
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The Borrower hereby makes the following representations and warranties to
the Bank, which representations and warranties are continuing:

     3.01  STATUS.  The Borrower is a corporation duly organized and validly
existing under the laws of the State of California, and is properly licensed,
qualified to do business and in good standing in, and, where necessary to
maintain the Borrower's rights and privileges, has complied with the fictitious
name statute of, every jurisdiction in which the Borrower is doing business.

     3.02  AUTHORITY.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower
of this Agreement and any documents referred to or required hereunder have been
duly authorized and do not and will not:  (i) violate any provision of any law,
rule, regulation, writ, judgment or injunction presently in effect materially
affecting the Borrower; (ii) result in a material breach of or constitute a
material default under any material agreement to which the Borrower is a party
or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected; or (iii) require any
consent or approval of its stockholders or violate any provision of its articles
of incorporation or by-laws.

     3.03  LEGAL EFFECT.  This Agreement constitutes, and any document,
instrument or agreement required hereunder when delivered will constitute,
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the
Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

     3.04  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  All financial statements, information and
other data which may have been or which may hereafter be submitted by the
Borrower to the Bank are true, accurate and correct and have been or will be
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied (or, as appropriate, in accordance with statutory
accounting practices) and accurately represent the Borrower's  financial
condition or, as applicable, the other information disclosed therein.  Since the
most recent submission of any such financial statement, information or other
data to the Bank, the Borrower represents and warrants that no material adverse
change in the Borrower's financial condition or operations have occurred which
have not been fully disclosed to the Bank in writing.

     3.05  LITIGATION.  Except as have been disclosed to the Bank in writing,
there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or the Borrower's
properties before any court or administrative agency which, if determined
adversely to the Borrower, would have a material adverse effect on the
Borrower's financial condition or operations.

     3.06  TITLE TO ASSETS; PERMITTED LIENS.  The Borrower has title to all of
its assets subject only to security interests, encumbrances, liens or claims of
any third person as follows:  (i) liens and security interests securing
indebtedness owed by the Borrower to the Bank; (ii) liens for taxes, assessments
or similar charges either not yet due and payable or being duly contested in
good faith; (iii) liens of mechanics, materialmen, warehousemen or other like
liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations which
are not delinquent; (iv) liens and security interests which, as of the date of
this Agreement, have been disclosed to and approved by the Bank in writing; (v)
purchase money liens or purchase money security interests upon or in any
property acquired or held by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business to
secure indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof or permitted to be incurred
hereunder; and (vi) those liens and security interests which in the aggregate
constitute an immaterial and insignificant monetary amount with respect to the
value of the Borrower's assets (collectively "Permitted Liens").

     3.07  GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS.  The Borrower has obtained all permits and
approvals from the California Department of Insurance and any other state
regulatory authority that may be required to conduct its business as presently
conducted.

     3.08  ERISA.  If the Borrower has a pension, profit sharing or retirement
plan subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
from time to time, including any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
("ERISA"), such plan has been and will continue to be funded in accordance with
its terms and otherwise complies with and continues to comply with the
requirements of ERISA.

     3.09  TAXES.  The Borrower has filed all tax returns required to be filed
and paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, including interest and penalties,
other than taxes which are not currently due or those which are being duly
contested in good faith.


                                   SECTION IV
                                    COVENANTS

     The Borrower covenants and agrees that, during the term of this Agreement,
and so long thereafter as the Borrower is indebted to the Bank under this
Agreement, the Borrower shall, unless the Bank otherwise consents in writing:

     4.01  PRESERVATION OF EXISTENCE; COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS.  Borrower
shall maintain and preserve its existence and all rights and privileges now
enjoyed; not liquidate or dissolve, merge or consolidate into an entity (which
would be the survivor) and conduct its business in accordance with all
applicable laws, rules and regulations.

     4.02  MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE.  Maintain insurance in such amounts and
covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar
businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the
Borrower operates and maintain such other insurance and coverages as may be
required by the Bank.

     4.03  PAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS AND TAXES.  Make timely payment of all
assessments and taxes and all of its liabilities and obligations unless the same
are being contested in good faith.

     4.04  INSPECTION RIGHTS.  At any reasonable time and from time to time
permit the Bank or any representative thereof to examine and make copies of the
pertinent records and visit the properties of the Borrower and to discuss the
business and operations of the Borrower with the President and Chairman of the
Board, Executive Vice President, Vice President Finance, Treasurer, Assistant
Treasurer, or those employees designated by them.  If the Borrower now or at any
time hereafter maintains any records (including, but not limited to, computer
generated records and computer programs for the generation of such records) in
the possession

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

of a third party, the Borrower hereby agrees to notify such third party to
permit the Bank free access to such pertinent records at all reasonable times
and to provide the Bank with copies of any pertinent records it may request, all
at the Borrower's expense, the amount of which shall be payable immediately upon
demand.

     4.05  REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.  Deliver or cause to be delivered to the Bank
in form and detail satisfactory to the Bank:

     A.  Annual Statements.  Not later than 95 days after the end of each of the
fiscal years of Zenith National Insurance Corp., a copy of the audited
consolidated annual financial report of Zenith National Insurance Corp. for such
year.

     B.  Quarterly Statements.  Not later than 50 days after the end of the
first three quarters of each fiscal year of Zenith National Insurance Corp.,
Zenith National Insurance Corp.'s consolidated financial statement as of the end
of such quarter.

     C.  Triennial Audit.  Not later than 30 days after Borrower receives it, a
copy of its triennial audit and the triennial audit of CalFarm Insurance
Company, and ZNAT Insurance Company prepared by the Department of Insurance.

     D.  Statutory Statements.  Not later than 30 days after its submission to
the Department of Insurance, the annual and quarterly statutory statements of
the Borrower, CalFarm Insurance Company and ZNAT Insurance Company.

     E.  Compliance Certificate.  Not later than 50 days after the end of the
first three fiscal quarters and 95 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, a certificate signed by the President and Chairman of the Board
stating that the statements set other in Section 2.02A and 2.02B herein are true
as of the date of such certificate.

     F.  Other Information.  Promptly upon the Bank's request, such other
information pertaining to the Borrower as the Bank may reasonable request.

     4.06  CORPORATE RATING.  Maintain at all times an A.M. Best rating no lower
than B+.

     4.07  LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES.  Borrower shall not create, assume or permit
to exist any security interest, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust or other
lien (including, but not limited to, a lien of attachment, judgment or
execution) affecting any of the Borrower's properties, nor execute or allow to
be filed any financing statement or continuation thereof affecting any of such
properties, except for Permitted Liens or as otherwise provided in this
Agreement.

     4.08  TRANSFER ASSETS.  Not sell, contract for sale, transfer, convey,
assign, lease or sublet any of its assets except in the ordinary course of
business as presently conducted by the Borrower and except for real property,
and then, only for full, fair and reasonable consideration.

     4.09  CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS.  Not make any material change in
its corporate structure or in the nature of its business as existing or
conducted as of the date of this Agreement.

     4.10  FINANCIAL CONDITION.  Maintain at all times:

     A.  MAXIMUM TOTAL INDEBTEDNESS.  The aggregate debt of the Borrower and its
subsidiaries, including the aggregate available amount of all Letters of Credit
outstanding (plus any unpaid draws paid by the Bank), shall not exceed at any
time the sum of $20,000,000.00.

     The term "debt" shall mean, at any date, the aggregate amount of, without
duplication, (a) all obligations of the Borrower for borrowed money from banks,
(b) all obligations of the Borrower evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or
similar instruments, (c) all obligations of the Borrower to pay the deferred
purchase price of property or services, (d) all capitalized lease obligations of
the Borrower, (e) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a lien on
any asset of the  Borrower, whether or not such obligation or liability is
assumed, and (f) any other obligations or liabilities which are required by
generally accepted accounting principles to be shown as debt on the balance
sheet of the Borrower.

     B.  MAXIMUM NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN TO POLICYHOLDERS' SURPLUS.  The Borrower
and its subsidiaries shall maintain a consolidated ratio of net premiums written
to policyholders' surplus of not more than 3:1.

                                       -4-

<PAGE>

     C.  MINIMUM CONSOLIDATED POLICYHOLDERS' SURPLUS.  The minimum consolidated
statutory policyholders' surplus of the Borrower, CalFarm Insurance Company and
ZNAT Insurance Company shall be no less than $125,000,000.00.

     4.11  KEY EMPLOYEE.  Continue to employ Stanley R. Zax as its President and
Chairman of the Board.

     4.12  NOTICES.  Give prompt written notice to the Bank of any and all (i)
Events of Default; (ii) litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings to
which the Borrower is a defendant and in which the claim or liability exceeds
$15,000,000 and (iii) other matters which have resulted or might result in, a
material adverse change in the financial conditions or business operations of
the Borrower.

     4.13  OTHER AGREEMENTS.  Except to the extent permitted hereunder, not
commit, do or fail to commit or do any act or thing which constitutes or, with
the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of
Default.

     4.14  REIMBURSE FEES, ETC.  Promptly pay to and reimburse the Bank for all
costs incurred and payments made by the Bank by reason of any future assessment,
reserve, deposit or similar requirement or any surcharge, tax or fee imposed
upon the Bank or as a result of the Bank's compliance with any directive or
requirement of any regulatory authority pertaining or relating to any Letter of
Credit.


                                    SECTION V
                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     Any one or more of the following described events shall constitute an event
of default (an "Event of Default") under this Agreement:

     5.01  NON-PAYMENT.  The Borrower shall fail to pay any payment of principal
or interest or any other sum referred to in this Agreement within five (5)
business days after notice from the Bank that the same is past due.

     5.02  PERFORMANCE UNDER THIS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS.  The Borrower shall fail
in any material respect to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement or in any document, instrument or agreement
evidencing or relating to borrowed money owed to the Bank by the Borrower,
including Letter of Credit obligations, and any such failure (exclusive of the
payment of money to the Bank under this Agreement or under any other document,
instrument or agreement evidencing or relating to borrowed money owed to the
Bank by the Borrower, including Letter of Credit obligations, which failure
shall constitute and be an Event of Default if not paid within five (5) business
days after notice from the Bank that the same is past due) shall continue for
more than 30 days after written notice from the Bank to the Borrower of the
existence and character of such Event of Default or should the default require
more than thirty (30) days to correct, the Borrower does not commence corrective
action within the thirty (30) days and actively pursue such corrective action.

     5.03  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  Any
representation or warranty made by the Borrower under or in connection with this
Agreement or any financial statement given by the Borrower or any Guarantor
shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or given or
when deemed to have been made or given.

     5.04  INSOLVENCY.  The Borrower shall:  (i) become insolvent or be unable
to pay its debts as they mature; (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or to an agent authorized to liquidate any substantial amount of its
properties or assets; (iii) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or seeking
reorganization or to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors; (iv)
file an answer admitting the material allegations of an involuntary petition
relating to bankruptcy or reorganization or join in any such petition; (v)
become or be adjudicated a bankrupt; (vi) apply for or consent to the
appointment of, or consent that an order be made, appointing any receiver,
custodian or trustee for itself or any of its properties, assets or businesses;
or (vii) any receiver, custodian or trustee shall have been appointed for all or
a substantial part of its properties, assets or businesses and shall not be
discharged within 30 days after the date of such appointment.

     5.05  EXECUTION.  Any writ of execution or attachment or any judgment lien
shall be issued against any property of the Borrower and shall not be discharged
or bonded against or released within 30 days after the issuance or attachment of
such writ or lien.

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

     5.06  SUSPENSION.  The Borrower shall voluntarily suspend the transaction
of business or allow to be suspended, terminated, revoked or expired any permit,
license or approval of any governmental body necessary to conduct the Borrower's
business as now conducted.

     5.07  CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP.  There shall occur a sale, transfer, disposition
or encumbrance (whether voluntary or involuntary), or an agreement shall be
entered into to do so, with respect to more than 10% of the issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Borrower.


                                   SECTION VI
                               REMEDIES ON DEFAULT

     Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Bank may, at its sole
election, without demand and upon only such notice as may be required by law:

     6.01  ACCELERATION.  Declare any or all of the Borrower's indebtedness
owing to the Bank, whether under this Agreement or under any other document,
instrument or agreement for borrowed money, immediately due and payable, whether
or not otherwise due and payable.

     6.02  CEASE EXTENDING CREDIT.  Cease issuing Letters of Credit for the
account of the Borrower under this Agreement or under any other agreement now
existing or hereafter entered into between the Borrower and the Bank.

     6.03  REQUIRE PAYMENT.  Require the Borrower to pay immediately to the
Bank, for application against drawings under any outstanding Letters of Credit,
the outstanding principal amount of any such Letters of Credit which have not
expired.  Any portion of the amount so paid to the Bank which is not applied to
satisfy draws under any such Letters of Credit or any other obligations of the
Borrower to the Bank shall be repaid to the Borrower without interest.

     6.04  TERMINATION.  Terminate this Agreement as to any future obligation of
the Bank without affecting the Borrower's obligations to the Bank or the Bank's
rights and remedies under this Agreement or under any other document, instrument
or agreement for borrowed money.

     6.05  NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF REMEDIES.  Exercise one or more of the Bank's
rights set forth herein or seek such other rights or pursue such other remedies
as may be provided by law, in equity or in any other agreement now existing or
hereafter entered into between the Borrower and the Bank for borrowed money, or
otherwise.


                                   SECTION VII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     7.01  DEFAULT INTEREST RATE.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank interest
on any indebtedness or amount payable under this Agreement and pursuant to the
terms of the Application, from the date that such indebtedness was demanded to
be due until paid in full, at a rate which is 2% in excess of the Bank's
Reference Rate, which is defined as, a variable rate equivalent to an index for
a variable interest rate which is quoted, published or announced from time to
time by Bank as its reference rate (and as to which loans may be made by Bank,
at, below or above such reference rate).

     7.02  ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS.  All references to financial statements,
assets, liabilities and similar accounting terms not specifically defined in
this Agreement shall mean such financial statements prepared and such terms
determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied or in accordance with statutory accounting principles where
appropriate.  Except where otherwise specified in this Agreement, all financial
data submitted or to be submitted to the Bank pursuant to this Agreement shall
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied or in accordance with statutory accounting principles where
appropriate.  Terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the
meanings attributed to such terms in the California Uniform Commercial Code.

     7.03  RELIANCE.  Each warranty, representation, covenant and agreement
contained in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been relied
upon by the Bank regardless of any investigation made or information possessed
by the Bank and shall be cumulative and in addition to any other warranties,
representations, covenants or agreements which the Borrower shall now or
hereafter give, or cause to be given, to the Bank.

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

     7.04  ATTORNEY'S FEES.  In the event of any action in relation to this
Agreement or any document, instrument or agreement executed with respect to,
evidencing or securing the indebtedness hereunder, the prevailing party, in
addition to all other sums to which it may be entitled, shall be entitled to
reasonable attorneys' fees.

     7.05  NOTICES.  All notices, payments, requests, information and demands
which either party hereto may desire, or may be required to give or make to the
other party shall be given or made to such party by hand delivery or through
deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, by overnight courier, or by
Western Union telegram, addressed to the address set forth below such party's
signature to this Agreement or to such other address as may be specified from
time to time in writing by either party to the other.

     7.06  WAIVER.  Neither the failure nor delay by the Bank in exercising any
right hereunder or under any document, instrument or agreement mentioned herein
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right hereunder or under any document, instrument or agreement mentioned
herein preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right; nor shall any waiver of any right or default hereunder or under any other
document, instrument or agreement mentioned herein constitute a waiver of any
other right or default or constitute a waiver of any other default of the same
or any other term or provision.

     7.07  CONFLICTING PROVISIONS.  To the extent that any of the terms or
provisions contained in this Agreement are inconsistent with those contained in
any other document, instrument or agreement executed pursuant hereto, the terms
and provisions contained herein shall control.  Otherwise, such provisions shall
be considered cumulative.

     7.08  BINDING EFFECT; ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Bank and their respective
successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to
assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the Bank's prior
written consent.  The Bank may sell, assign or grant participations in all or
any portion of its rights and benefits hereunder.  The Borrower agrees that, in
connection with any such sale, grant or assignment, the Bank may deliver to the
prospective buyer, participant or assignee financial statements and other
relevant information relating to the Borrower.

     7.09  JURISDICTION.  This Agreement, the Application, and any documents,
instruments or agreements mentioned or referred to herein shall be governed by
and construed according to the laws of the State of California except as
otherwise specifically provided herein with respect to certain Letters of
Credit.

     7.10  HEADINGS.  The headings set forth herein are solely for the purpose
of identification and have no legal significance.

     7.11  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement and any applications for the
Letters of Credit shall constitute the entire and complete understanding of the
parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder.  All previous
conversations, memoranda and writings between the parties or pertaining to the
transactions contemplated hereunder that are not

/ /

/ /

/ /

/ /

/ /

/ /

/ /

/ /

/ /

                                       -7-

<PAGE>


incorporated or referenced in this Agreement or any applications for the Letters
of Credit are superseded hereby.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties hereto
as of the date first hereinabove written.

BANK:                                        BORROWER:

SANWA BANK CALIFORNIA                        ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY



By:     \John C. Hyche\                 By:        \Stanley R. Zax\
   ----------------------------------      ------------------------------------
Title:   Vice President                 Title: Chairman of the Board and
      -----------------------------            President
                                               --------------------------------

Address:


Insurance and Financial Services W8-6
601 S. Figueroa Street                            21255 Califa Street
Los Angeles, CA  90017                            Woodland Hills, CA  91367


                                       -8-

<PAGE>

        EXHIBIT A:  ATTACHMENT TO LETTER OF CREDIT APPLICATION (ID-100S)
                    (Any State Except California & Louisiana)

Applicant :  Zenith Insurance Company     Amount:  ____________________________*

LETTER OF CREDIT WHEN ISSUED TO BE WORDED AS FOLLOWS,  QUOTE:
                                                       ------
Date: _______________________                              Sanwa Bank California
                                                 International Department #3560
Irrevocable Clean Standby Letter                   601 S. Figueroa Street (W6-1)
of Credit No. ________________                             Los Angeles, CA 90017

Beneficiary:
________________________________________________________________________*
_________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________


Expiry Date / Place: __________________________________________*  / in Los
Angeles at our counters

We have established this clean, irrevocable, and unconditional Standby Letter of
Credit in your favor as beneficiary for drawings up to U.S. $ __________________
_____________________________* , effective immediately. This letter of credit is
issued, presentable and payable at our office at Sanwa Bank California,
International Department #3560, 601 South Figueroa St.(W6-1), Los Angeles,
California 90017 and expires with our close of business on _____________________
____________________________________________________*.  Except when the amount
of this letter of credit is increased, this credit can not be modified or
revoked without your consent.

The term "Beneficiary" includes any successor by operation of law of the named
Beneficiary including without limitation any such liquidator, rehabilitator,
receiver or conservator.  Drawings by any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver,
or conservator shall be for the benefit of all the Beneficiary's policyholders.

We hereby undertake with you to honor your sight draft(s) drawn on us under and
in compliance with this credit, indicating our Credit No.___________________,
for all or any part of this credit upon presentation of your draft drawn on us
at our office specified in paragraph one on or before the expiration date hereof
or any automatically extended expiration date when accompanied by this original
Letter of Credit.

Except as expressly stated herein, this undertaking is not subject to any
agreement, requirement, or qualification. The obligation of Sanwa Bank
California under this Credit is the individual obligation of Sanwa Bank
California and is in on way contingent upon reimbursement with respect thereto,
or upon our ability to perfect any lien, security interest or any other
reimbursement.

This Letter of Credit is deemed to be automatically extended without amendment
for one year from the expiration date or any future expiration date, unless
thirty (30) or more days prior to any such expiration date, Sanwa Bank
California notifies you at the above addresses by registered mail, certified
mail, or courier service that this letter of credit will not be renewed for any
such additional period.

This Letter of Credit is subject to and governed by the Laws of the State of
______________________* and the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary
Credits ("UCP") of the International Chamber of Commerce in effect on the date
of the issuance hereof and in the event of any conflict the laws of
_______________________* will control. If this credit expires during an
interruption of business as described in Article 19 of UCP 400 or Article 17 of
UCP 500, the Bank hereby specifically agrees  to effect payment if this Credit
is drawn against within 30 days after bank's resumption of business.

For identification/information purposes only without affecting the terms of the
Letter of Credit, beneficiary's state of Domicile is ______________________
_________________________________________*  .                          UNQUOTE.

_________________________________    ___________________________________________
Account Officer - Sanwa Bank            Authorized Signature - Zenith Insurance
California                              Company

*  Must be completed and in agreement with Application for Standby Letter of
Credit (ID-100S)

                                       -9-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                            AGREEMENT OF REINSURANCE
                                    NO. 7832

                                     between

                         GENERAL REINSURANCE CORPORATION
                             a Delaware corporation
                         having its principal offices at
                                Financial Centre
                       695 East Main Street P.O. Box 10350
                        Stamford, Connecticut 06904-2350
                     (herein referred to as the "Reinsurer")

                                       and

                            CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                             Sacramento, California
                            ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California
                             ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California
                          Their Quota Share Reinsurers
                      (herein referred to as the "Company")

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In consideration of the promises set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree
as follows:



ARTICLE I - SCOPE OF AGREEMENT
     As a condition precedent to the Reinsurer's obligations under this
Agreement, the Company shall cede to the Reinsurer the business described in
this Agreement, and the Reinsurer shall accept such business as reinsurance
from the Company.


ARTICLE II - PARTIES TO THE AGREEMENT
     This Agreement is solely between the Company and the Reinsurer.  When more
than one Company is named as a party to this Agreement, the first Company named
shall be the agent of the other companies as to all matters pertaining to this
Agreement.  Performance of the obligations of each party under this Agreement
shall be rendered solely to the other party.

<PAGE>


However, if the Company becomes insolvent, the liability of the Reinsurer shall
be modified to the extent set forth in the article entitled INSOLVENCY OF THE
COMPANY.  In no instance shall any insured of the Company or any claimant
against an insured of the Company have any rights under this Agreement.

ARTICLE III - LIMIT AND RETENTION
     The Reinsurer shall pay to the Company, with respect to each loss event,
95% of the amount of ultimate net loss in excess of the Company Retention of
$5,000,000, but not exceeding the Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer of 95% of
the next $10,000,000 of ultimate net loss with respect to such loss event nor
95% of $20,000,000 with respect to all loss events commencing during the term of
this Agreement.
     The Company shall retain for its own account, with respect to each loss
event, the entire amount of the Company Retention plus 5% of the next
$10,000,000 ultimate net loss in excess of the Company Retention.


ARTICLE IV - TERM
     This Agreement shall apply to loss events which commence during the period
from September 1, 1993, to August 31, 1994, both dates inclusive, at the place
of the loss event.
     This Agreement shall not apply to loss events which commence prior to the
effective date of this Agreement and continue during any part of the term of
this Agreement.  However, this Agreement shall apply to loss events which
commence during and continue beyond the term of this Agreement and in the
computation of the liability of the Reinsurer the entire ultimate net loss
resulting from each such loss event shall be included, subject to the
limitations set forth in paragraph (f) of the article entitled DEFINITIONS.



                                      - 2 -
<PAGE>

ARTICLE V - DEFINITIONS

     (a)  PROPERTY BUSINESS

          This term shall mean direct property business written by the Company,
          as defined, and classified in its Association Edition of Annual
          Statement for Fire and Casualty Companies as:

          (1)  Fire;

          (2)  Allied lines (including extended coverage);

          (3)  Farmowners multiple peril (applicable property and inland marine
               lines only);

          (4)  Homeowners multiple peril (applicable property and inland marine
               lines only);

          (5)  Commercial multiple peril (applicable property lines only);

          (6)  Blanket personal property;

          (7)  Inland marine;

          (8)  Earthquake;

          (9)  Garagekeepers legal liability (comprehensive only);

          on risks located in the United States of America.

     (b)  COMPANY RETENTION

          This term shall mean the amount the Company shall retain for its own
          account; however, this requirement shall be satisfied if this amount
          is retained by the Company or its affiliated companies under common
          management or common ownership.

     (c)  ULTIMATE NET LOSS

          This term shall mean all payments by the Company of claims and losses,
          within the limits of liability or amounts of insurance of the policies
          of the Company, and adjustment expense, after deduction of salvage and
          other recoveries and after deduction of amounts due from all other
          reinsurance other than the reinsurance pooling arrangement between
          Zenith Insurance Company, CalFarm Insurance Company and ZNAT Insurance
          Company,



                                      - 3 -
<PAGE>

          whether collectible or not.  If the Company becomes insolvent, this
          definition shall be modified to the extent set forth in the article
          entitled INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY.

     (d)  ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE

          This term shall mean expenditures by the Company in the direct defense
          of claims and as allocated to an individual claim or loss, other than
          for office expenses and for the salaries and expenses of employees of
          the Company or of any subsidiary or related or wholly owned company of
          the Company, made in connection with the disposition of a claim, loss,
          or legal proceeding including investigation, negotiation, and legal
          expenses; court costs; statutory penalties; prejudgment interest or
          delayed damages; and interest on any judgment or award.

     (e)  PREJUDGMENT INTEREST OR DELAYED DAMAGES

          This term shall mean interest or damages added to a settlement,
          verdict, award, or judgment based on the amount of time prior to the
          settlement, verdict, award, or judgment whether or not made part of
          the settlement, verdict, award, or judgment.

     (f)  LOSS EVENT

          This term shall mean an occurrence or series of occurrences arising
          out of one event, provided that only the claims and losses sustained
          by the Company during the continuous period of 168 hours selected by
          the Company shall be used in the determination of the ultimate net
          loss; and only one such continuous period of 168 hours shall apply
          with respect to one event.

          Additionally, with respect to riot or civil commotion and other causes
          of loss resultant therefrom, only claims and losses sustained by the
          Company on risks within the limits of one city, town, or village or
          immediately adjacent thereto shall be used in the determination of
          ultimate net loss.

     (g)  SUBJECT NET EARNED PREMIUM

          This term shall mean the direct premium earned by the Company during
          the term of the Agreement on the business reinsured hereunder, after
          deduction of return premiums and after deduction of premiums paid for
          reinsurance which inures to the benefit of the Reinsurer.

          For purposes of this Agreement, subject net earned premium shall be
          deemed to be 100% of the premiums on the lines of business reinsured



                                      - 4 -
<PAGE>

          hereunder.  However, on the following lines, which are the so-called
          package policies (only when written on an indivisible premium basis)
          subject net earned premium shall be determined as:

          (1)   88% of the total homeowners and boatowners policy premiums;

          (2)   80% of the total farmowners and commercial multiple peril
               policy premiums.

          When any of the above policies is written on a divisible premium
          basis, the actual premium for the lines of business included in this
          Agreement shall be used rather than the percentage stated above.


ARTICLE VI - EXCLUSIONS

     This Agreement shall not apply to:

     (a)  All lines of business not specifically covered hereunder;

     (b)  Reinsurance assumed by the Company other than reinsurance assumed by
          Zenith Insurance Company from CalFarm Insurance Company or ZNAT
          Insurance Company; all liability assumed under excess of loss
          insurance or reinsurance contracts;

     (c)  All business excluded by the Pools, Associations and Syndicates
          Exclusion Clause attached hereto and made a part hereof,

     (d)  Policies issued under retrospectively rated plans; policies issued
          with a deductible of more than $100,000, provided this exclusion shall
          not apply to policies which customarily provide a percentage
          deductible on the perils of earthquake or windstorm;

     (e)  Liability coverages under homeowners, farmowners and commercial
          package policies; i.e., comprehensive personal, farm or commercial
          liability, medical payments and physical damage to property of others;

     (f)  All casualty, fidelity, surety, forgery, boiler and machinery,
          burglary or glass business or coverages (not applicable to Section I
          coverages of multiple peril policies);

     (g)  The following risks, coverages and kinds of insurance:

          (1)   Accident and health;



                                      - 5 -
<PAGE>

          (2)  Animal or livestock mortality policies; however, this exclusion
               shall not apply to fowl;


          (3)  Automobile; however, this exclusion shall not apply with respect
               to garagekeepers legal liability coverages;

          (4)  Aviation;

          (5)  Commercial hulls or hulls other than outboard motorboat and sail-
               boat coverages;

          (6)  Credit warranty, financial guarantees;

          (7)  First class or registered mail;

          (8)  Gas or oil drilling risks;

          (9)  Growing or standing crops, other than fire insurance; all crop
               hail insurance or any other coverages provided in connection
               therewith;

          (10) Jewelers and furriers block;

          (11) Negative film syndicates;

          (12) Ocean marine;

          (13) Railroad Property;

     (h)  Flood, surface water, waves, tidal water or tidal waves, overflow of
          streams or other bodies of water or spray from any of the
          foregoing, all whether driven by wind or not, unless written in
          conjunction with the peril of fire of similar amount;

     (i)  Mortgage impairment insurance and similar kinds of insurance,
          howsoever styled, providing coverage to an insured with respect to its
          mortgagee interest in property or its owner interest in foreclosed
          property;

     (j)  Difference in conditions insurance and similar kinds of insurance,
          howsoever styled;

     (k)  Consequential, punitive, exemplary or compensatory damages resulting
          from an action taken by any policyholder, insured or assignee,
          against the Company for alleged or actual bad faith, fraud or
          negligence in the settlement of a claim;



                                      - 6 -
<PAGE>

     (l)  Risks which have a total insurable value of more than $250,000,000;

     (m)  War risk, bombardment, invasion, insurrection, rebellion, revolution,
     military or usurped power, or confiscation by order of any government or
     public authority, as excluded under a standard policy containing a standard
     war exclusion clause;

     (n)  Nuclear incident per the Nuclear Incident Exclusion - Physical Damage
     Reinsurance (NMA 1119) attached hereto;

     (o)  Liability of the Company arising from its participation or membership,
     whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency fund, including any
     guarantee fund, association, pool, plan or other facility which provides
     for the assessment of, payment by, or assumption by the Company of a part
     or the whole of any claim, debt, charge, fee or other obligations of an
     insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared insolvent by
     any authority having jurisdiction;

     (p)  Loss of, damage to, or failure of, or consequential loss resulting
     therewith (including but not limited to earnings and extra expense) of
     satellites, spacecraft, and launch vehicles, including cargo and freight
     carried therein, in all phases of operation (including but not limited to
     manufacturing, transit, pre-launch, launch, and in-orbit);

     (q)  Coverage afforded by ISO Pollutant Clean Up and Removal Additional
     Aggregate Limit of Insurance Endorsement CP 04 07 (Ed. 4/86) or as subse-
     quently amended or by any similar endorsement affording such coverage;

     (r)  Pollutant clean up or removal under any commercial property policy or
     any inland marine policy written by the Company which does not contain ISO
     Changes-Pollutants Endorsement CP 01 86 (Ed. 4/86) or as subsequently
     amended; however, this exclusion does not apply to any risk located in a
     jurisdiction which has not approved the Insurance Services Office exclusion
     or where other regulatory constraints prohibit the Company from attaching
     such endorsement.  If the Company elects to file an endorsement independent
     of ISO, such endorsement will be deemed a suitable substitute provided the
     Company has submitted the wording to the Reinsurers and received the
     Reinsurers' prior approval.


ARTICLE VII - REINSURANCE PREMIUM

     As a condition precedent to the Reinsurer's obligations hereunder, the
Company shall pay to the Reinsurer 2.30% of the subject net earned premium
during the term of the Agree-



                                      - 7 -
<PAGE>

ment, subject to a minimum reinsurance premium of $880,000 and deposit
reinsurance premium of $1,100,000.

ARTICLE VIII - AUTOMATIC REINSTATEMENT
     The Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer under this Agreement with respect
to each loss event shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of
liability paid by the Reinsurer, but that part of the liability of the Reinsurer
that is so reduced shall be automatically reinstated from the commencement of
the loss event for which payment is made; however, the Limit of Liability of the
Reinsurer with respect to all loss events commencing during the term of this
Agreement shall not exceed the amount set forth in the article entitled LIMIT
AND RETENTION.  In consideration of this automatic reinstatement, the Company
shall pay to the Reinsurer for each amount reinstated an additional reinsurance
premium that shall be pro rata of the reinsurance premium set forth in the
article entitled REINSURANCE PREMIUM.  The additional reinsurance premium shall
be the product of the reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled
REINSURANCE PREMIUM, multiplied by the amount of the reinstated Limit of
Liability of the Reinsurer divided by the total Limit of Liability of the
Reinsurer for each loss event irrespective of the time of the commencement of
the loss event.
     The reinsurance premium so developed for each amount reinstated shall be in
addition to the reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled
REINSURANCE PREMIUM.


ARTICLE IX - MANAGEMENT OF CLAIMS AND LOSSES
     The Company shall investigate and settle or defend all claims and losses.
When requested by the Reinsurer, the Company shall permit the Reinsurer, at the
expense of the Reinsurer, to be associated with the Company in the defense or
control of any claim, loss, or legal proceeding which involves or is likely to
involve the Reinsurer.  All payments of claims or losses by the Company within
the terms and limits of its policies which are within the limits



                                      - 8 -
<PAGE>

set forth in the applicable Agreement shall be binding on the Reinsurer, subject
to the terms of this Agreement.

ARTICLE X - RECOVERIES
     The Company shall pay to or credit the Reinsurer with the Reinsurer's
portion of any recovery obtained from salvage, subrogation, or other insurance.
Adjustment expenses for recoveries shall be deducted from the amount recovered.
     The Reinsurer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Company to the
extent of its loss payments to the Company.  The Company agrees to enforce its
rights of salvage, subrogation, and its rights against insurers or to assign
these rights to the Reinsurer.
     Recoveries shall be distributed to the parties in an order inverse to that
in which their liabilities accrued.


ARTICLE XI - ERRORS AND OMISSIONS
     The Reinsurer shall not be relieved of liability because of an error or
accidental omission of the Company in reporting any claim or loss or any
business reinsured under this Agreement, provided that the error or omission is
rectified promptly after discovery.  The Reinsurer shall be obligated only for
the return of the premium paid for business reported but not reinsured under
this Agreement.


ARTICLE XI - REPORTS AND REMITTANCES

     (a)  REINSURANCE PREMIUM

          On or before the beginning of each calendar quarter, the Company shall
          pay to the Reinsurer one quarter of the deposit reinsurance premium
          stipulated in the article entitled REINSURANCE PREMIUM.

          On or before October 15, 1994, the Company shall render to the Rein-
          surer a report of the subject net earned premium by the Company during
          the term of this Agreement.  The Company shall calculate the
          reinsurance



                                      - 9 -
<PAGE>

          premium thereon, shall balance such amount against the deposit
          reinsurance premium previously paid, and the difference due either
          party, subject to the minimum reinsurance premium, shall be remitted
          promptly.

     (b)  CLAIMS AND LOSSES

          The Company shall report promptly to the Reinsurer each loss event
          which, in the Company's opinion, may involve the reinsurance afforded
          by this Agreement.  The Company shall advise the Reinsurer of the
          estimated amount of ultimate net loss in connection with each loss
          event and of any subsequent changes in such estimate.

          Upon receipt of a definitive statement of ultimate net loss from the
          Company, the Reinsurer shall promptly pay to the Company the
          Reinsurer's portion of ultimate net loss.  Any subsequent changes in
          the amount of ultimate net loss shall be reported by the Company to
          the Reinsurer and the amount due either party shall be remitted
          promptly.

     (c)  P.C.S. CATASTROPHE BULLETINS

          The Company shall furnish to the Reinsurer, upon request, the
          following information with respect to each catastrophe set forth in
          the Catastrophe Bulletins published by the Property Claim Services:

          (1)  The preliminary estimate of the amount recoverable from the
          Reinsurer;

          (2)  The Reinsurer's portion of claims, losses, and adjustment expense
          paid less salvage recovered during each calendar quarter;

          (3)  The Reinsurer's portion of reserves for claims, losses, and
          adjustment expense at the end of each calendar quarter.

     (d)  GENERAL

          In addition to the reports required by (a), (b), and (c) above, the
          Company shall furnish such other information as may be required by the
          Reinsurer for the completion of the Reinsurer's quarterly and annual
          statements and internal records.

          All reports shall be rendered on forms or in format acceptable to the
          Company and the Reinsurer.



                                      - 10-
<PAGE>

ARTICLE XIII - REINSURANCE OVER THIS AGREEMENT

     The Company shall advise the Reinsurer of any reinsurance of the Company
that would apply over and beyond the Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer under
this Agreement.

ARTICLE XIV - SPECIAL ACCEPTANCES
     Business not within the terms of this Agreement may be submitted to the
Reinsurer for special acceptance and, if accepted by the Reinsurer, shall be
subject to all of the terms of this Agreement except as modified by the special
acceptance.

ARTICLE XV - RESERVES AND TAXES
     The Reinsurer shall maintain the required reserves as to the Reinsurer's
portion of unearned premium, claims, losses, and adjustment expense.
     The Company shall be liable for all premium taxes on premium ceded to the
Reinsurer under this Agreement.  If the Reinsurer is obligated to pay any
premium taxes on this premium, the Company shall reimburse the Reinsurer;
however, the Company shall not be required to pay taxes twice on the same
premium.

ARTICLE XVI - OFFSET
     The Company or the Reinsurer may offset any balance, whether on account of
premium, commission, claims or losses, adjustment expense, salvage, or
otherwise, due from one party to the other under this Agreement or under any
other agreement heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the
Reinsurer.

ARTICLE XVII - INSPECTION OF RECORDS
     The Company shall allow the Reinsurer to inspect, at reasonable times, the
records of the Company relevant to the business reinsured under this Agreement,
including Company



                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>

files concerning claims, losses, or legal proceedings which involve or are
likely to involve the Reinsurer.

Article XVIII - ARBITRATION
     Any unresolved difference of opinion between the Reinsurer and the Company
shall be submitted to arbitration by three arbitrators. One arbitrator shall be
chosen by the Reinsurer, and one shall be chosen by the Company. The third
arbitrator shall be chosen by the other two arbitrators within ten (10) days
after they have been appointed. If the two arbitrators cannot agree upon a third
arbitrator, each arbitrator shall nominate three persons of whom the other shall
reject two. The third arbitrator shall then be chosen by drawing lots. If either
party fails to choose an arbitrator within thirty (30) days after receiving the
written request of the other party to do so, the latter shall choose both
arbitrators, who shall choose the third arbitrator. The arbitrators shall be
impartial and shall be active or retired persons whose principal occupation is
or was as an officer of property and casualty insurance or reinsurance
companies.
     The party requesting arbitration (the "Petitioner") shall submit its brief
to the arbitrators within thirty (30) days after notice of the selection of the
third arbitrator. Upon receipt of the Petitioner's brief, the other party (the
"Respondent") shall have thirty (30) days to file a reply brief. On receipt of
the Respondent's brief, the Petitioner shall have twenty (20) days to file a
rebuttal brief. Respondent shall have twenty (20) days from the receipt of
Petitioner's rebuttal brief to file its rebuttal brief. The arbitrators may
extend the time for filing of briefs at the request of either party.
     The arbitrators are relieved from judicial formalities and, in addition to
considering the rules of law and the customs and practices of the insurance and
reinsurance business, shall make their award with a view to effecting the intent
of this Agreement. The decision of the majority shall be final and binding upon
the parties. The costs of arbitration, including the fees



                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>

of the arbitrators, shall be shared equally unless the arbitrators decide other-
wise. The arbitration shall be held at the times and places agreed upon by the
arbitrators.

Article XIX - INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY
     In the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance proceeds
will be paid to the Company or the liquidator immediately upon demand, with
reasonable provision for verification, on the basis of the amount of the claim
allowed in the insolvency proceeding without diminution by reason of the
inability of the Company to pay all or part of the claim.
     The Reinsurer shall be given written notice of the pendency of each claim
against the Company on the policy(ies) reinsured hereunder within a reasonable
time after such claim is filed in the insolvency proceedings. The Reinsurer
shall have the right to investigate each such claim and to interpose, at its own
expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defenses
which it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator. The expense thus
incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to court approval,
against the insolvent Company as part of the expense of liquidation to the
extent of a proportionate share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company
solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be



                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>

executed in duplicate,

this 30th day of August, 1993,

                                   GENERAL REINSURANCE CORPORATION

                                           /s/
                                               Vice President
Attest /s/

and this      day of                            , 19  .

                                   CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                                   ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                                   ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY



Attest:                            /s/





                                     - 14 -

                               Agreement No. 7832
<PAGE>

                       NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE -
                       PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - USA

(1)  This Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Company
directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of
Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear
Energy risks.

(2)  Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this
Clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the
Company, directly or indirectly and whether as insurer or Reinsurer, from any
insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or
consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to:

          (i)       Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary
                    property on the site, or

          (ii)      Any other nuclear reactor installation, including
                    laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection
                    with reactor installations, and "critical facilities" as
                    such, or

          (iii)     Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for
                    processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear
                    material", and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically
                    separating, storing or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or
                    waste materials, or

          (iv)      Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) (iii)
                    above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes
                    or other products of nuclear fission.

(3)  Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2)
hereof, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
contamination accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as
Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site
as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which
normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not
operate:

          (a)  where the Company does not have knowledge of such nuclear reactor
               power plant or nuclear installation, or

          (b)  where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage for
               damage to property caused by or resulting from radioactive
               contamination, however caused. However on and after 1st January
               1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only apply provided the said
               radioactive contamination exclusion provision has been approved
               by the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction thereof.

(4)  Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1),(2) and (3)
hereof, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
contamination accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as
Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard
specifically insured against.

(5)  It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks
using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not
considered by the Company to be the primary hazard.

(6)  The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in the
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof.

(7)  The Company to be sole judge of what constitutes:

          (a)   substantial quantities, and

          (b)   the extent of installation, plant or site.


Note:  Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it
       is understood and agreed that:

          (a)  all policies issued by the Company on or before 31st December
               1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions
               of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever
               first occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall
               apply.

          (b)  with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the
               Company on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the
               application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry
               date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all
               the provisions of this Clause shall apply.



N.M.A. 1119

<PAGE>

                       POOLS, ASSOCIATIONS, AND SYNDICATES
                                EXCLUSION CLAUSE


SECTION A

     Excluding:

     All business derived directly or indirectly from any Pool, Association, or
     Syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities.

     Any Pool or Scheme (whether voluntary or mandatory) formed after March 1,
     1968, for the purpose of insuring Property whether on a country-wide basis
     or in respect of designated areas. This exclusion shall not apply to
     so-called Automobile Insurance Plans or other Pools formed to provide
     coverage for Automobile Physical Damage.

SECTION B

     It is agreed that business written by the Company for the same perils,
which is known at the time to be insured by, or in excess of underlying amounts
placed in the following Pools, Associations, or Syndicates, whether by way of
insurance or reinsurance, is excluded hereunder.

     Industrial Risk Insurers, Associated Factory Mutuals, Improved Risk
     Mutuals.

     Any Pool, Association, or Syndicate formed for the purpose of writing Oil,
     Gas, or Petro-Chemical Plants and/or Oil or Gas Drilling Pigs.

     United States Aircraft Insurance Group, Canadian Aircraft Insurance Group,
     Associated Aviation Underwriters, American Aviation Underwriters.

Section B does not apply:

     (a)  Where the Total Insured Value over all interests of the risk in
     question is less than $250,000,000.

     (b)  To interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock
     and/or Contents written on a Blanket basis.

     (c)  To Contingent Business Interruption, except when the Company is aware
     that the key location is known at the time to be insured in any Pool,
     Association, or Syndicate named above, other than as provided for under
     Section B(a).

<PAGE>

     (d)  To risks as follows: Offices, Hotels, Apartments, Hospitals,
          Educational Establishments, Public Utilities (Other than Railroad
          Schedules) and Builders Risks on the classes of risks specified in the
          subsection (d) only.

SECTION C


     NEVERTHELESS the Reinsurer specifically agrees that liability accruing to
the Company for its participation in: The Florida Residential Property and
Casualty Joint Underwriting Association shall not be excluded or:

     (1)  The following so-called "Coastal Pools"

          ALABAMA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          FLORIDA WINDSTORM UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          LOUISIANA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          MISSISSIPPI WINDSTORM UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          NORTH CAROLINA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING
                           ASSOCIATION
          SOUTH CAROLINA WINDSTORM AND HAIL
                UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          TEXAS CATASTROPHE PROPERTY INSURANCE
                         ASSOCIATION

                                and

     (2)  All "Fair Plan" and "Rural Risk Plan" business,

for all perils otherwise protected hereunder shall not be excluded herefrom,
except that this Agreement does not include any increase in such liability
resulting from (1) the inability of any other participant in such "Coastal Pool"
and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural Risk Plan" to meet its liability; or (2) any
claim against such "Coastal Pool" and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural Risk Plan",
or any participant therein, including the Company, whether by way of subrogation
or otherwise, brought by or on behalf of any insolvency fund.

<PAGE>

                                ENDORSEMENT NO 1

                         Attached to and made a part of
                               AGREEMENT NO. 7832
                                     between
                         GENERAL REINSURANCE CORPORATION
                                       and
                            CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                            ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                             ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY


     IT IS MUTUALLY AGREED that, retroactive to the inception of this Agreement
sub-paragraph (g) of Article V - DEFINITIONS is amended to read as follows:


     "(g) SUBJECT NET EARNED PREMIUM

          This term shall mean the direct premium earned by the Company during
          the term of the Agreement on the business reinsured hereunder, after
          deduction of return premiums and after deduction of premiums paid for
          reinsurance which inures to the benefit of the Reinsurer.

          For purposes of this Agreement, subject net earned premium shall be
          deemed to be 100% of the premiums on the lines of business reinsured
          hereunder.  However, on the following lines, which are the so-called
          package policies (only when written on an indivisible premium basis)
          subject net earned premium shall be determined as:

          (1)   88% of the total homeowners and boatowners policy premiums;

          (2)  65% of the total farmowners and commercial multiple peril policy
               premiums.

          When any of the above policies is written on a divisible premium
          basis, the actual premium for the lines of business included in this
          Agreement shall be used rather than the percentage stated above."


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Endorsement to be

<PAGE>

executed in duplicate,

this 24th day of February  , 19  ,

                         GENERAL REINSURANCE CORPORATION

                         /s/
                             Vice President

Attest: /s/
and this 7th day of March  ,19


                         CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                         ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                         ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY



Attest: /s/



                                      - 2 -

                                Endorsement No. 1
                               Agreement No. 7832

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.22
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                            AGREEMENT OF REINSURANCE
                                  No. 623-0005

                                     between

                          AMERICAN RE-INSURANCE COMPANY
                     (herein referred to as the "Reinsurer")

                                       and

                            CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                             Sacramento, California
                            ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California
                             ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California
                          Their Quota Share Reinsurers
                      (herein referred to as the "Company")



In consideration of the promises set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree
as follows:


ARTICLE I - SCOPE OF AGREEMENT
     As a condition precedent to the Reinsurer's obligations under this
Agreement, the Company shall cede to the Reinsurer the business described in
this Agreement, and the Reinsurer shall accept such business as reinsurance from
the Company.


ARTICLE II - PARTIES TO THE AGREEMENT
     This Agreement is solely between the Company and the Reinsurer.  When more
than one Company is named as a party to this Agreement, the first Company named
shall be the agent of the other companies as to all matters pertaining to this
Agreement.  Performance of the obligations of each party under this Agreement
shall be rendered solely to the other party.  However, if the Company becomes
insolvent, the liability of the Reinsurer shall be modified to the extent set
forth in the article entitled INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY.  In no



<PAGE>

instance shall any insured of the Company or any claimant against an insured of
the Company have any rights under this Agreement.


ARTICLE III - LIMIT AND RETENTION
     The Reinsurer shall pay to the Company, with respect to each loss event,
95% of the amount of ultimate net loss in excess of the sum of-
     (a)  The Company Retention of $5,000,000; and
     (b)  The Fist Excess Cover of $10,000,000;

but not exceeding the Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer of 95% of the next
$5, 000, 000 of ultimate net loss with respect to such loss event nor 95% of
$10,000,000 with respect to all loss events commencing during the term of this
Agreement.
     The Company shall retain net for its own account, with respect to each loss
event, the entire amount of the Company Retention plus 5% of such ultimate net
loss


ARTICLE IV - TERM
     This Agreement shall apply to loss events which commence during the period
from September 1, 1993 to August 31, 1994, both dates inclusive, at the place of
the loss event.
     This Agreement shall not apply to loss events which commence prior to the
effective date of this Agreement and continue during any part of the term of
this Agreement.  However, this Agreement shall apply to loss events which
commence during and continue beyond the term of this Agreement and in the
computation of the liability of the Reinsurer the entire ultimate net loss
resulting from each such loss event shall be included, subject to the
limitations set forth in paragraph (f) of the article entitled DEFINITIONS.








                                        2
<PAGE>


ARTICLE V - DEFINITIONS

     (a)  Property Business

          This term shall mean direct property business written by the Company,
          as defined, and classified in its Association Edition of Annual
          Statement for Fire and Casualty Companies as:

          (1)  Fire;

          (2)  Allied lines (including extended coverage);

          (3)  Farmowners multiple peril (applicable property and inland marine
               lines only);

          (4)  Homeowners multiple peril (applicable property and inland marine
               lines only);

          (5)  Commercial multiple peril (applicable property lines only);

          (6)  Blanket personal property;

          (7)  Inland marine;

          (8)  Earthquake;

          (9)  Garagekeepers legal liability (comprehensive only);

          on risks located in the United States of America.

     (b)  COMPANY RETENTION

          This term shall mean the amount the Company shall retain for its own
          account; however, this requirement shall be satisfied if this amount
          is retained by the Company or its affiliated companies under common
          management or common ownership.

     (c)  ULTIMATE NET LOSS

          This term shall mean all payments by the Company of claims and losses,
          within the limits of liability or amounts of insurance of the policies
          of the Company, and adjustment expense, after deduction of salvage and
          other recoveries and after deduction of amounts due from all other
          reinsurance other than the reinsurance pooling arrangement between
          Zenith Insurance Company, CalFarm Insurance Company and ZNAT Insurance
          Company,


                                       -3-
<PAGE>


          whether collectible or not. If the Company becomes insolvent, this
          definition shall be modified to the extent set forth in the article
          entitled INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY.

     (d)  ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE

          This term shall mean expenditures by the Company in the direct defense
          of claims and as allocated to an individual claim or loss, other than
          for office expenses and for the salaries and expenses of employees of
          the Company or of any subsidiary or related or wholly owned company of
          the Company, made in connection with the disposition of a claim, loss,
          or legal proceeding including investigation, negotiation, and legal
          expenses; court costs, statutory penalties; prejudgment interest or
          delayed damages; and interest on any judgment or award.

     (e)  PREJUDGMENT INTEREST OR DELAYED DAMAGES

          This term shall mean interest or damages added to a settlement,
          verdict, award, or judgment based on the amount of time prior to the
          settlement, verdict, award, or judgment whether or not made part of
          the settlement, verdict, award, or judgment.

     (f)  LOSS EVENT

          This term shall mean an occurrence or series of occurrences arising
          out of one event, provided that only the claims and losses sustained
          by the Company during the continuous period of 168 hours selected by
          the Company shall be used in the determination of the ultimate net
          loss; and only one such continuous period of 168 hours shall apply
          with respect to one event.

          Additionally, with respect to riot or civil commotion and other causes
          of loss resultant therefrom, only claims and losses sustained by the
          Company on risks within the limits of one city, town, or village
          immediately adjacent thereto shall be used in the determination of
          ultimate net loss.

     (g)  SUBJECT NET EARNED PREMIUM

          This term shall mean the direct premium earned by the Company during
          the term of the Agreement on the business reinsured hereunder after
          deduction of return premiums and after deduction of premiums paid for
          reinsurance which inures to the benefit of the Reinsurer.

          For purposes of this Agreement, subject net earned premium shall be
          deemed to be 100% of the premiums on the lines of business reinsured




                                       4
<PAGE>




     hereunder.  However, on the following lines, which are the so-called
     package policies (only when written on an indivisible premium basis)
     subject net earned premium shall be determined as:

     (1)  88% of the total homeowners and boatowners policy premiums;

     (2)  80% of the total farmowners and commercial multiple peril policy
          premiums.

     When any of the above policies is written on a divisible premium basis,
     the actual premium for the lines of business included in this Agreement
     shall be used rather than the percentage stated above.


ARTICLE VI - EXCLUSIONS

     This Agreement shall not apply to:

     (a)  All lines of business not specifically covered hereunder;

     (b)  Reinsurance assumed by the Company other than reinsurance assumed
          by Zenith Insurance Company from CalFarm Insurance Company or ZNAT
          Insurance Company; all liability assumed under excess of loss
          insurance or reinsurance contracts;

     (c)  All business excluded by the Pools, Associations and Syndicates
          Exclusion Clause attached hereto and made a part hereof;

     (d)  Policies issued under retrospectively rated plans; policies issued
          with a deductible of more than $100,000, provided this exclusion
          shall not apply to policies which customarily provide a percentage
          deductible on the perils of earthquake or windstorm;

     (e)  Liability coverages under homeowners, farmowners and commercial
          package policies; i.e., comprehensive personal, farm or commercial
          liability, medical payments and physical damage to property of
          others;

     (f)  All casualty, fidelity, surety, forgery, boiler and machinery,
          burglary or glass business or coverages (not applicable to Section
          I coverages of multiple peril policies);

     (g)  The following risks, coverages and kinds of insurance:

          (1)   Accident and health;



                                    - 5 -
<PAGE>


          (2)  Animal or livestock mortality policies; however, this
               exclusion shall not apply to fowl;

          (3)  Automobile; however, this exclusion shall not apply with
               respect to garagekeepers legal liability coverages;

          (4)  Aviation;

          (5)  Commercial hulls or hulls other than outboard motorboat and
               sailboat coverages;

          (6)  Credit warranty, financial guarantees;

          (7)  First class or registered mail;

          (8)  Gas or oil drilling risks;

          (9)  Growing or standing crops, other than fire insurance; all
               crop hail insurance or any other coverages provided in
               connection therewith;

          (10) Jewelers and furriers block;

          (11) Negative film syndicates;

          (12) Ocean marine;

          (13) Railroad Property;

     (h)  Flood, surface water, waves, tidal water or tidal waves, overflow
          of streams or other bodies of water or spray from any of the
          foregoing, all whether driven by wind or not, unless written in
          conjunction with the peril of fire of similar amount;

     (i)  Mortgage impairment insurance and similar kinds of insurance,
          howsoever styled, providing coverage to an insured with respect to
          its mortgagee interest in property or its owner interest in
          foreclosed property;

     (j)  Difference in conditions insurance and similar kinds of insurance,
          howsoever styled;

     (k)  Consequential, punitive, exemplary or compensatory damages
          resulting from an action taken by any policyholder, insured or
          assignee, against the Company for alleged or actual bad faith,
          fraud or negligence in the settlement of a claim;



                                    - 6 -
<PAGE>


     (l)  Risks which have a total insurable value of more than
          $250,000,000;

     (m)  War risk, bombardment, invasion, insurrection, rebellion,
          revolution, military or usurped power, or confiscation by order of
          any government or public authority, as excluded under a standard
          of policy containing a standard war exclusion clause;

     (n)  Nuclear incident per the Nuclear Incident Exclusion - Physical
          Damage Reinsurance (NMA 1119) attached hereto;

     (o)  Liability of the Company arising from its participation or
          membership, whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency
          fund, including any guarantee fund, association, pool, plan or
          other facility which provides for the assessment of, payment by,
          or assumption by the company of a part or the whole of any claim,
          debt, charge, fee or other obligations of an insurer, or its
          successors or assigns, which has been declared insolvent by any
          authority having jurisdiction;

     (p)  Loss of, damage to, or failure of, or consequential loss resulting
          therewith (including but not limited to earnings and extra
          expense) of satellites, spacecraft, and launch vehicles, including
          cargo and freight carried therein, in all phases of operation
          (including but not limited to manufacturing, transit, prelaunch,
          launch, and in-orbit);

     (q)  Coverage afforded by ISO Pollutant Clean Up and Removal Additional
          Aggregate Limit of Insurance Endorsement CP 04 07 (Ed. 4/86) or as
          subsequently amended or by any similar endorsement affording such
          coverage;

     (r)  Pollutant clean up or removal under any commercial property policy
          or any inland marine policy written by the Company which does not
          contain ISO Changes-Pollutants Endorsement CP 01 86 (Ed. 4/86) or
          as subsequently amended; however, this exclusion does not apply to
          any risk located in a jurisdiction which has not approved the
          Insurance Services Office exclusion or where other regulatory
          constraints prohibit the Company from attaching such endorsement.
          If the Company elects to file an endorsement independent of ISO,
          such endorsement will be deemed a suitable substitute provided the
          company has submitted the wording to the Reinsurers and received
          the Reinsurer's prior approval.


ARTICLE VII - REINSURANCE PREMIUM

     As a condition precedent to the Reinsurer's obligations hereunder, the
Company shall pay to the Reinsurer .695% of the subject net earned premium
during the term of the Agree-




                                     -7-
<PAGE>

ment, subject to a minimum reinsurance premium of $265,000 and deposit
reinsurance premium of $332,000.


ARTICLE VIII - AUTOMATIC REINSTATEMENT

     The Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer under this Agreement with
respect to each loss event shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount
of liability paid by the Reinsurer, but that part of the liability of the
Reinsurer that is so reduced shall be automatically reinstated from the
commencement of the loss event for which payment is made; however, the Limit
of Liability of the Reinsurer with respect to all loss events commencing
during the term of this Agreement shall not exceed the amount set forth in
the article entitled LIMIT AND RETENTION.  In consideration of this
automatic reinstatement, the Company shall pay to the Reinsurer for each
amount reinstated an additional reinsurance premium that shall be pro rata
of the reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled REINSURANCE
PREMIUM.  The additional reinsurance premium shall be the product of the
reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled REINSURANCE PREMIUM,
multiplied by the amount of the reinstated Limit of Liability of the
Reinsurer divided by the total Limit of Liability of the reinsurer for each
loss event irrespective of the time of the commencement of this loss event.
     The reinsurance premium so developed for each amount reinstated shall
be in addition to the reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled
REINSURANCE PREMIUM.


ARTICLE IX - MANAGEMENT OF CLAIMS AND LOSSES

     The Company shall investigate and settle or defend all claims and
losses.  When requested by the Reinsurer, the Company shall permit the
Reinsurer, at the expense of the Reinsurer, to be associated with the
Company in the defense or control of any claim, loss, or legal proceeding
which involves or is likely to involve the Reinsurer.  All payments of
claims or losses of the Company within the terms and limits of its policies
which are within the limits


                                    - 8 -
<PAGE>


set forth in the applicable Agreement shall be binding on the Reinsurer,
subject to the terms of this Agreement.


ARTICLE X - RECOVERIES

     The Company shall pay to or credit the Reinsurer with the Reinsurer's
portion of any recovery obtained from salvage, subrogation, or other
insurance.  Adjustment expenses for recoveries shall be deducted from the
amount recovered.
     The Reinsurer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Company to the
extent of its loss payments to the Company.  The Company agrees to enforce
its rights of salvage, subrogation, and its rights against insurers or to
assign these rights to the Reinsurer.
     Recoveries shall be distributed to the parties in an order inverse to
that in which their liabilities accrued.


ARTICLE XI - ERRORS AND OMISSIONS

     The Reinsurer shall not be relieved of liability because of an error or
accidental omission of the Company in reporting any claim or loss or any
business reinsured under this Agreement, provided that the error or omission
is rectified promptly after discovery.  The Reinsurer shall be obligated
only for the return of the premium paid for business reported but not
reinsured under this Agreement.


ARTICLE XII - REPORTS AND REMITTANCES

     (a)  REINSURANCE PREMIUM

          On or before the beginning of each calendar quarter, the Company
          shall pay to the Reinsurer one quarter of the deposit reinsurance
          premium stipulated in the article entitled REINSURANCE PREMIUM

          On or before October 15, 1994, the Company shall render to the
          Reinsurer a report of the subject net earned premium by the
          Company during the term of this Agreement.  The Company shall
          calculate the reinsurance

                                     -9-
<PAGE>


          premium thereon, shall balance such amount against the deposit
          reinsurance premium previously paid, and the difference due either
          party, subject to the minimum reinsurance premium, shall be
          remitted promptly.

     (b)  CLAIMS AND LOSSES

          The Company shall report promptly to the Reinsurer each loss event
          which, in the Company's opinion, may involve the reinsurance
          afforded by this Agreement.  The Company shall advise the
          Reinsurer of the estimated amount of ultimate net loss in
          connection with each loss event and of any subsequent changes in
          such estimate.

          Upon receipt of a definitive statement of ultimate net loss from
          the Company, the Reinsurer shall promptly pay to the Company the
          Reinsurer's portion of ultimate net loss.  Any subsequent changes
          in the amount of ultimate net loss shall be reported by the
          Company to the Reinsurer and the amount due either party shall be
          remitted promptly.

     (c)  P.C.S. CATASTROPHE BULLETINS

          The Company shall furnish to the Reinsurer, upon request, the
          following information with respect to each catastrophe set forth
          in the Catastrophe Bulletins published by the Property Claim
          Services:

          (1)  The preliminary estimate of the amount recoverable from the
               Reinsurer;

          (2)  The Reinsurer's portion of claims, losses, and adjustment
               expense paid less salvage recovered during each calendar
               quarter;

          (3)  The Reinsurer's portion of reserves for claims, losses, and
               adjustment expense at the end of each calendar quarter.

     (d)  GENERAL

          In addition to the reports required by (a), (b), and (c) above,
          the Company shall furnish such other information as may be
          required by the Reinsurer for the completion of the Reinsurer's
          quarterly and annual statements and internal records.

          All reports shall be rendered on forms or in format acceptable to the
          Company and the Reinsurer.




                                   - 10 -
<PAGE>


ARTICLE XIII - REINSURANCE OVER THIS AGREEMENT

     The Company shall advise the Reinsurer of any reinsurance of the
Company that would apply over and beyond the Limit of Liability of the
Reinsurer under this Agreement.


ARTICLE XIV - SPECIAL ACCEPTANCES

     Business not within the terms of this Agreement may be submitted to the
Reinsurer for special acceptance and, if accepted by the Reinsurer, shall be
subject to all of the terms of this Agreement except as modified by the
special acceptance.

ARTICLE XV - RESERVES AND TAXES

     The Reinsurer shall maintain the required reserves as to the
Reinsurer's portion of unearned premium, claims, losses, and adjustment
expense.
     The Company shall be liable for all premium taxes on premium ceded to
the Reinsurer under this Agreement.  If the Reinsurer is obligated to pay
any premium taxes on this premium the Company shall reimburse the Reinsurer;
however, the Company shall not be required to pay taxes twice on the same
premium.


ARTICLE XVI - OFFSET

     The Company or the Reinsurer may offset any balance, whether on account
of premium, commission, claims or losses, adjustment expense, salvage, or
otherwise, due from one party to the other under this Agreement or under any
other agreement heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and
the Reinsurer.


ARTICLE XVII - INSPECTION OF RECORDS

     The Company shall allow the Reinsurer to inspect, at reasonable times,
the records of the Company relevant to the business reinsured under this
Agreement, including Company


                                   - 11 -
<PAGE>

files concerning claims, losses, or legal proceedings which involve or are
likely to involve the Reinsurer.

ARTICLE XVIII - ARBITRATION

     Any unresolved difference of opinion between the Reinsurer and the
Company shall be submitted to arbitration by three arbitrators.  One
arbitrator shall be chosen by the Reinsurer, and one shall be chosen by the
Company.  The third arbitrator shall be chosen by the other two arbitrators
within ten (10) days after they have been appointed.  If the two arbitrators
cannot agree upon a third arbitrator, each arbitrator shall nominate three
persons of whom the other shall reject two.  The third arbitrator shall then
be chosen by drawing lots.  If either party fails to choose an arbitrator
within thirty (30) days after receiving the written request of the other
party to do so, the latter shall choose both arbitrators, who shall choose
the third arbitrator.  The arbitrators shall be impartial and shall be
active or retired persons whose principal occupation is or was as an officer
of property and casualty insurance or reinsurance companies.
     The party requesting arbitration (the "Petitioner") shall submit its
brief to the arbitrators within thirty (30) days after notice of the
selection of the third arbitrator.  Upon receipt of the Petitioner's brief,
the other party (the "Respondent") shall have thirty (30) days to file a
reply brief On receipt of the Respondent's brief, the Petitioner shall have
twenty (20) days to file a rebuttal brief.  Respondent shall have twenty
(20) days from the receipt of Petitioner's rebuttal brief to file its
rebuttal brief.  The arbitrators may extend the time for filing of briefs at
the request of either party.
     The arbitrators are relieved from judicial formalities and, in addition
to considering the rules of law and the customs and practices of the
insurance and reinsurance business, shall make their award with a view to
effecting the intent of this Agreement.  The decision of the majority shall
be final and binding upon the parties.  The costs of arbitration, including
the fees



                                   - 12 -
<PAGE>


of the arbitrators, shall be shared equally unless the arbitrators decide
otherwise.  The arbitration shall be held at the times and places agreed
upon by the arbitrators.

ARTICLE XIX - INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY

     In the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance proceeds
will be paid to the Company or the liquidator immediately upon demand, with
reasonable provision for verification, on the basis of the amount of the
claim allowed in the insolvency proceeding without diminution by reason of
the inability of the Company to pay all or part of the claim.
     The Reinsurer shall be given written notice of the pendency of each
claim against the Company on the policy(ies) reinsured hereunder within a
reasonable time after such claim is filed in the insolvency proceedings.
The Reinsurer shall have the right to investigate each such claim and to
interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be
adjudicated, any defenses which it may deem available to the Company or its
liquidator.  The expense thus incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable,
subject to court approval, against the insolvent Company as part of the
expense of liquidation to the extent of a proportionate share of the benefit
which may accrue to the Company solely as a result of the defense undertaken
by the Reinsurer.

     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the   parties   hereto   have   caused   this
     Agreement   to   be








                                   - 13 -
<PAGE>

executed in duplicate,

this 1st day of Sept., 1993

                         AMERICAN RE-INSURANCE COMPANY

                         By:_______________________
                              Stephen C. Pogue
                              Vice President

ATTEST:
_______________________
Michael E. Shevlin, Vice President
and this 1st day of Sept., 1993


                         CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                         ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                         ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY
                         By:______________________
                             John J. Tickner
ATTEST                       Senior Vice President
_______________________







                                    -14-
<PAGE>



                     NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE -
                     PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - USA

(1)  This Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the
Company directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any
Pool of Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or
Nuclear Energy risks.

(2)  Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this
Clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the
Company, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from
any insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or
consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to:

          (i)  Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property
               on the site, or

          (ii) Any other nuclear reactor installation, including
               laboratories handling radioactive materials in connection
               with reactor installations, and "critical facilities" as
               such, or

        (iii)  Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for
               processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear
               material", and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically
               separating, storing or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or
               waste materials, or

          (iv) Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) (iii)
               above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or
               other products of nuclear fission.

(3)  Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and (2)
hereof, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
contamination accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly, and whether
as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any r,e on property which is on the same site
as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which
normally would be filed therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not
operate:

          (a)  where the Company does not have knowledge of such nuclear
               reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or

          (b)  where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage
               for damage to property caused by or resulting from
               radioactive contamination, however caused.  However on and
               after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only
               apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion
               provision has been approved by the Government, Authority
               having jurisdiction thereof.

(4)  Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1),(2) and
(3) hereof, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by
radioactive contamination accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly,
and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is
a named hazard specifically insured against.

(5)  It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks
using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not
considered by the Company to be the primary hazard.

(6)  The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in
the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof.

(7)  The Company to be sole judge of what constitutes:

          (a)   substantial quantities, and

          (b)   the extent of installation, plant or site.


Note:  Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof,
it is understood and agreed that:

          (a)  all policies issued by the Company on or before 31st December
               1957 shall be free from the application of the other
               provisions of this Clause until expiry date or 31st December
               1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the provisions of
               this Clause shall apply.

          (b)  with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by
               the Company on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from
               the application of the other provisions of this Clause until
               expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs
               whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply.



<PAGE>






                     POOLS, ASSOCIATIONS, AND SYNDICATES
                              EXCLUSION CLAUSE


SECTION A

     Excluding:

     All business derived directly or indirectly from any Pool, Association,
     or Syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities.

     Any Pool or Scheme (whether voluntary or mandatory) formed after March
     1, 1968, for the purpose of insuring Property whether on a country-wide
     basis or in respect of designated areas.  This exclusion shall not
     apply to so-called Automobile Insurance Plans or other Pools formed to
     provide coverage for Automobile Physical Damage.

SECTION B

     It is agreed that business written by the Company for the same perils,
which is known at the time to be insured by, or in excess of underlying
amounts placed in the following Pools, Associations, or Syndicates, whether
by way of insurance or reinsurance, is excluded hereunder.

     Industrial Risk Insurers, Associated Factory Mutuals, Improved Risk
     Mutuals.

     Any Pool, Association, or Syndicate formed for the purpose of writing
     Oil, Gas, or Petro-Chemical Plants and/or Oil or Gas Drilling Rigs.

     United  States  Aircraft  Insurance  Group,   Canadian   Aircraft
     Insurance Group, Associated Aviation Underwriters, American Aviation
     Underwriters.

Section B does not apply:

     (a)  Where the Total Insured Value over all interests of the risk in
          question is less than $250,000,000.

     (b)  To interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock
          and/or Contents written on a Blanket basis.

     (c)  To Contingent Business Interruption, except when the Company is
          aware that the key location is known at the time to be insured in
          any Pool, Association or Syndicate named above, other than as
          provided for under Section B(a).



<PAGE>


     (d)  To risks as follows: Offices, Hotels, Apartments, Hospitals,
          Educational Establishments, Public Utilities (Other than Railroad
          Schedules) and Builders Risks on the classes of risks specified in
          the subsection (d) only.

SECTION C

     NEVERTHELESS the Reinsurer specifically agrees that liability accruing
to the Company for its participation in: The Florida Residential Property
and Casualty Joint Underwriting Association shall not be excluded or:

     (1)  The following so-called "Coastal Pools"

          ALABAMA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          FLORIDA WINDSTORM UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          LOUISIANA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          MISSISSIPPI WINDSTORM UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          NORTH CAROLINA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING
                            ASSOCIATION
          SOUTH CAROLINA WINDSTORM AND HAIL
                     UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          TEXAS CATASTROPHE PROPERTY INSURANCE
                                 ASSOCIATION

                                     and

     (2)  All "Fair Plan" and "Rural Risk Plan" business,

for all perils otherwise protected hereunder shall not be excluded herefrom,
except that this Agreement does not include any increase in such liability
resulting from (1) the inability of any other participant in such "Coastal
Pool" and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural Risk Plan" to meet its liability; or
(2) any claim against such "Coastal Pool" and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural
Risk Plan", or any participant therein, including the Company, whether by
way of subrogation or otherwise, brought by or on behalf of any insolvency
fund.






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                            AGREEMENT OF  REINSURANCE
                                   No. 0079460

                                     between

                        EMPLOYERS REINSURANCE CORPORATION
                     (herein referred to as the "Reinsurer")

                                       and

                            CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                             Sacramento, California
                            ZENITH INSURANCE  COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California
                             ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY
                           Woodland Hills, California
                          Their Quota Share Reinsurers
                      (herein referred to as the "Company")

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------


In consideration of the promises set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree
as follows:


ARTICLE I - SCOPE OF AGREEMENT
     As a condition precedent to the Reinsurer's obligations under this
Agreement, the Company shall cede to the Reinsurer the business described in
this Agreement, and the Reinsurer shall accept such business as reinsurance from
the Company.


ARTICLE II - PARTIES TO THE AGREEMENT
     This Agreement is solely between the Company and the Reinsurer.  When more
than one Company is named as a party to this Agreement, the first Company named
shall be the agent of the other companies as to all matters pertaining to this
Agreement.  Performance of the obligations of each party under this Agreement
shall be rendered solely to the other party.  However, if the Company becomes
insolvent, the liability of the Reinsurer shall be modified to the extent set
forth in the article entitled INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY.  In no


<PAGE>

instance shall any insured of the Company or any claimant against an insured of
the Company have any rights under this Agreement.

ARTICLE III - LIMIT AND RETENTION
     The Reinsurer shall pay to the Company, with respect to each loss event,
95% of the amount of ultimate net loss in excess of the sum of:

     (a)  The Company Retention of $5,000,000; and

     (b)  The First Excess Cover of $10,000,000; and

     (c)  The Second Excess Cover of $5,000,000,

but not exceeding the Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer of 95% of the next
$5,000,000 of ultimate net loss with respect to such loss event nor 95% of
$10,000,000 with respect to all loss events commencing during the term of this
Agreement.
     The Company shall retain net for its own account, with respect to each loss
event, the entire amount of the Company Retention plus the remaining 5% of such
ultimate net loss.


ARTICLE IV - TERM
     This Agreement shall apply to loss events which commence during the period
from September 1, 1993 to August 31, 1994, both dates inclusive, at the place of
the loss event.
     This Agreement shall not apply to loss events which commence prior to the
effective date of this Agreement and continue during any part of the term of
this Agreement.  However, this Agreement shall apply to loss events which
commence during and continue beyond the term of this Agreement and in the
computation of the liability of the Reinsurer the entire ultimate net loss
resulting from each such loss event shall be included, subject to the
limitations set forth in paragraph (f) of the article entitled DEFINITIONS.





                                        2
<PAGE>

ARTICLE V - DEFINITIONS

     (a)  PROPERTY BUSINESS

          This term shall mean direct property business written by the Company,
          as defined, and classified in its Association Edition of Annual
          Statement for Fire and Casualty Companies as:

          (1)  Fire;

          (2)  Allied lines (including extended coverage);

          (3)  Farmowners multiple peril (applicable property and inland
               marine lines only);

          (4)  Homeowners multiple peril (applicable property and inland
               marine lines only);

          (5)  Commercial multiple peril (applicable property lines only);

          (6)  Blanket personal property;

          (7)  Inland marine;

          (8)  Earthquake;

          (9)  Garagekeepers legal liability (comprehensive only);

          on risks located in the United States of America.

     (b)  COMPANY RETENTION

          This term shall mean the amount the Company shall retain for its
          own account; however, this requirement shall be satisfied if this
          amount is retained by the Company or its affiliated companies
          under common management or common ownership.

     (c)  ULTIMATE NET LOSS

          This term shall mean all payments by the Company of claims and
          losses, within the limits of liability or amounts of insurance of
          the policies of the Company, and adjustment expense, after
          deduction of salvage and other recoveries and after deduction of
          amounts due from all other reinsurance other than the reinsurance
          pooling arrangement between Zenith Insurance Company, CalFarm
          Insurance Company and ZNAT Insurance Company,

                                      - 3 -
<PAGE>


          whether collectible or not. If the Company becomes insolvent, this
          definition shall be modified to the extent set forth in the article
          entitled INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY.

     (d)  ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE

          This term shall mean expenditures by the Company in the direct defense
          of claims and as allocated to an individual claim or loss, other
          than for office expenses and for the salaries and expenses of
          employees of the Company or of any subsidiary or related or wholly
          owned company of the Company, made in connection with the disposition
          of a claim, loss, or legal proceeding including investigation,
          negotiation, and legal expenses; court costs, statutory penalties;
          prejudgment interest or delayed damages; and interest on any judgment
          or award.

     (e)  PREJUDGMENT INTEREST OR DELAYED DAMAGES

          This term shall mean interest or damages added to a settlement,
          verdict, award, or judgment based on the amount of time prior to the
          settlement, verdict, award, or judgment whether or not made part of
          the settlement, verdict, award, or judgment.

     (f)  LOSS EVENT

          This term shall mean an occurrence or series of occurrences arising
          out of one event, provided that only the claims and losses sustained
          by the Company during the continuous period of 168 hours selected by
          the Company shall be used in the determination of the ultimate net
          loss; and only one such continuous period of 168 hours shall apply
          with respect to one event.

          Additionally, with respect to riot or civil commotion and other causes
          of loss resultant therefrom, only claims and losses sustained by the
          Company on risks within the limits of one city, town, or village
          immediately adjacent thereto shall be used in the determination of
          ultimate net loss.

     (g)  SUBJECT NET EARNED PREMIUM

          This term shall mean the direct premium earned by the Company during
          the term of the Agreement on the business reinsured hereunder after
          deduction of return premiums and after deduction of premiums paid for
          reinsurance which inures to the benefit of the Reinsurer.

          For purposes of this Agreement, subject net earned premium shall be
          deemed to be 100% of the premiums on the lines of business reinsured




                                        4
<PAGE>


          hereunder.  However, on the following lines, which are the so-called
          package policies (only when written on an indivisible premium basis)
          subject net earned premium shall be determined as:

          (1)   88% of the total homeowners and boatowners policy premiums;

          (2)   80% of the total farmowners and commercial multiple peril
                policy premiums.

          When any of the above policies is written on a divisible premium
          basis, the actual premium for the lines of business included in this
          Agreement shall be used rather than the percentage stated above.


ARTICLE VI - EXCLUSIONS

     This Agreement shall not apply to:

     (a)  All lines of business not specifically covered hereunder;

     (b)  Reinsurance assumed by the Company other than reinsurance assumed by
          Zenith Insurance Company from CalFarm Insurance Company or ZNAT
          Insurance Company; all liability assumed under excess of loss
          insurance or reinsurance contracts;

     (c)  All business excluded by the Pools, Associations and Syndicates
          Exclusion Clause attached hereto and made a part hereof;

     (d)  Policies issued under retrospectively rated plans; policies issued
          with a deductible of more than $100,000, provided this exclusion shall
          not apply to policies which customarily provide a percentage
          deductible on the perils of earthquake or windstorm;

     (e)  Liability coverages under homeowners, farmowners and commercial
          package policies; i.e., comprehensive personal, farm or commercial
          liability, medical payments and physical damage to property of others;

     (f)  All casualty, fidelity, surety, forgery, boiler and machinery,
          burglary or glass business or coverages (not applicable to Section I
          coverages of multiple peril policies);

     (g)  The following risks, coverages and kinds of insurance:

          (1)   Accident and health;



                                      - 5 -
<PAGE>

          (2)  Animal or livestock mortality policies; however, this exclusion
               shall not apply to fowl;

          (3)  Automobile; however, this exclusion shall not apply with respect
               to garagekeepers legal liability coverages;

          (4)  Aviation;

          (5)  Commercial hulls or hulls other than outboard motorboat and
               sailboat coverages;

          (6)  Credit warranty, financial guarantees;

          (7)  First class or registered mail;

          (8)  Gas or oil drilling risks;

          (9)  Growing or standing crops, other than fire insurance; all crop
               hail insurance or any other coverages provided in connection
               therewith;

          (10) Jewelers and furriers block;

          (11) Negative film syndicates;

          (12) Ocean marine;

          (13) Railroad Property;

     (h)  Flood, surface water, waves, tidal water or tidal waves, overflow of
          streams or other bodies of water or spray from any of the foregoing,
          all whether driven by wind or not, unless written in conjunction with
          the peril of fire of similar amount;

     (i)  Mortgage impairment insurance and similar kinds of insurance,
          howsoever styled, providing coverage to an insured with respect to its
          mortgagee interest in property or its owner interest in foreclosed
          property;

     (j)  Difference in conditions insurance and similar kinds of insurance,
          howsoever styled;

     (k)  Consequential, punitive, exemplary or compensatory damages resulting
          from an action taken by any policyholder, insured or assignee, against
          the Company for alleged or actual bad faith, fraud or negligence in
          the settlement of a claim;



                                      - 6 -
<PAGE>

     (l)  Risks which have a total insurable value of more than $250,000,000;

     (m)  War risk, bombardment, invasion, insurrection, rebellion, revolution,
          military or usurped power, or confiscation by order of any government
          or public authority, as excluded under a standard of policy containing
          a standard war exclusion clause;

     (n)  Nuclear incident per the Nuclear Incident Exclusion - Physical
          Damage - Reinsurance (NMA 1119) attached hereto;

     (o)  Liability of the Company arising from its participation or membership,
          whether voluntary or involuntary, in any insolvency fund, including
          any guarantee fund, association, pool, plan or other facility which
          provides for the assessment of, payment by, or assumption by the
          company of a part or the whole of any claim, debt, charge, fee or
          other obligations of an insurer, or its successors or assigns, which
          has been declared insolvent by any authority having jurisdiction;

     (p)  Loss of, damage to, or failure of, or consequential loss resulting
          therewith (including but not limited to earnings and extra expense) of
          satellites, spacecraft, and launch vehicles, including cargo and
          freight carried therein, in all phases of operation (including but not
          limited to manufacturing, transit, prelaunch, launch, and in-orbit);

     (q)  Coverage afforded by ISO Pollutant Clean Up and Removal Additional
          Aggregate Limit of Insurance Endorsement CP 04 07 (Ed. 4/86) or as
          subsequently amended or by any similar endorsement affording such
          coverage;

     (r)  Pollutant clean up or removal under any commercial property policy or
          any inland marine policy written by the Company which does not contain
          ISO Changes-Pollutants Endorsement CP 01 86 (Ed. 4/86) or as
          subsequently amended; however, this exclusion does not apply to any
          risk located in a jurisdiction which has not approved the Insurance
          Services Office exclusion or where other regulatory constraints
          prohibit the Company from attaching such endorsement.  If the Company
          elects to file an endorsement independent of ISO, such endorsement
          will be deemed a suitable substitute provided the company has
          submitted the wording to the Reinsurers and received the Reinsurer's
          prior approval.

ARTICLE VII - REINSURANCE PREMIUMS

     As a condition precedent to the Reinsurer's obligations hereunder, the
Company shall pay to the Reinsurer .407% of the subject net earned premium
during the term of the Agree-





                                        7
<PAGE>

ment, subject to a minimum reinsurance premium of $175,500 and deposit
reinsurance premium of $195,000.

ARTICLE VIII - AUTOMATIC REINSTATEMENT
     The Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer under this Agreement with respect
to each loss event shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of
liability paid by the Reinsurer, but that part of the liability of the Reinsurer
that is so reduced shall be automatically reinstated from the commencement of
the loss event for which payment is made; however, the Limit of Liability of the
Reinsurer with respect to all loss events commencing during the term of this
Agreement shall not exceed the amount set forth in the article entitled LIMIT
AND RETENTION.  In consideration of this automatic reinstatement, the Company
shall pay to the Reinsurer for each amount reinstated an additional reinsurance
premium that shall be pro rata of the reinsurance premium set forth in the
article entitled REINSURANCE PREMIUM.  The additional reinsurance premium shall
be the product of the reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled
REINSURANCE PREMIUM, multiplied by the amount of the reinstated Limit of
Liability of the Reinsurer divided by the total Limit of Liability of the
reinsurer for each loss event irrespective of the time of the commencement of
this loss event.
     The reinsurance premium so developed for each amount reinstated shall be in
addition to the reinsurance premium set forth in the article entitled
REINSURANCE PREMIUM.


ARTICLE IX - MANAGEMENT OF CLAIMS AND LOSSES
     The Company shall investigate and settle or defend all claims and losses.
When requested by the Reinsurer, the Company shall permit the Reinsurer, at the
expense of the Reinsurer, to be associated with the Company in the defense or
control of any claim, loss, or legal proceeding which involves or is likely to
involve the Reinsurer.  All payments of claims or losses of the Company within
the terms and limits of its policies which are within the limits



                                        8
<PAGE>

set forth in the applicable Agreement shall be binding on the Reinsurer, subject
to  the  terms  of this  Agreement.


ARTICLE X - RECOVERIES
     The Company shall pay to or credit the Reinsurer with the Reinsurees
portion of any recovery obtained from salvage, subrogation, or other insurance.
Adjustment expenses for recoveries shall be deducted from the amount recovered.
     The Reinsurer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Company to the
extent of its loss payments to the Company.  The Company agrees to enforce its
rights of salvage, subrogation, and its rights against insurers or to assign
these rights to the Reinsurer.
     Recoveries shall be distributed to the parties in an order inverse to that
in  which  their liabilities accrued.

ARTICLE XI - ERRORS AND OMISSIONS
     The Reinsurer shall not be relieved of liability because of an error or
accidental omission of the Company in reporting any claim or loss or any
business reinsured under this Agreement, provided that the error or omission is
rectified promptly after discovery.  The Reinsurer shall be obligated only for
the return of the premium paid for business reported but not reinsured under
this Agreement.

ARTICLE XII - REPORTS AND REMITTANCES

     (a)  REINSURANCE PREMIUM

          On or before the beginning of each calendar quarter, the Company shall
          pay to the Reinsurer one quarter of the deposit reinsurance premium
          stipulated in the article entitled REINSURANCE PREMIUM.

          On or before October 15, 1994, the Company shall render to the
          Reinsurer a report of the subject net earned premium by the Company
          during the term of this Agreement.  The Company shall calculate the
          reinsurance

                                      - 9 -
<PAGE>


          premium thereon, shall balance such amount against the deposit
          reinsurance premium previously paid, and the difference due either
          party, subject to the minimum reinsurance premium, shall be remitted
          promptly.

     (b)  CLAIMS AND LOSSES

          The Company shall report promptly to the Reinsurer each loss event
          which, in the Company's opinion, may involve the reinsurance afforded
          by this Agreement.  The Company shall advise the Reinsurer of the
          estimated amount of ultimate net loss in connection with each loss
          event and of any subsequent changes in such estimate.

          Upon receipt of a definitive statement of ultimate net loss from the
          Company, the Reinsurer shall promptly pay to the Company the
          Reinsurer's portion of ultimate net loss.  Any subsequent changes in
          the amount of ultimate net loss shall be reported by the Company to
          the Reinsurer and the amount due either party shall be remitted
          promptly.

    (c)   P.C.S. CATASTROPHE BULLETINS

          The Company shall furnish to the Reinsurer, upon request, the
          following information with respect to each catastrophe set forth in
          the Catastrophe Bulletins published by the Property Claim Services:

          (1)  The preliminary estimate of the amount recoverable from the
               Reinsurer;

          (2)  The Reinsurer's portion of claims, losses, and adjustment expense
               paid less salvage recovered during each calendar quarter;

          (3)  The Reinsurer's portion of reserves for claims, losses, and
               adjustment expense at the end of each calendar quarter.

     (d)  GENERAL

          In addition to the reports required by (a), (b), and (c) above, the
          Company shall furnish such other information as may be required by the
          Reinsurer for the completion of the Reinsurer's quarterly and annual
          statements and internal records.

          All reports shall be rendered on forms or in format acceptable to the
          Company and the Reinsurer.




                                      -10-
<PAGE>

ARTICLE XIII - REINSURANCE OVER THIS AGREEMENT
     The Company shall advise the Reinsurer of any reinsurance of the Company
that would apply over and beyond the Limit of Liability of the Reinsurer under
this Agreement.

ARTICLE XIV - SPECIAL ACCEPTANCES
     Business not within the terms of this Agreement may be submitted to the
Reinsurer for special acceptance and, if accepted by the Reinsurer, shall be
subject to all of the terms of this Agreement except as modified by the special
acceptance.

ARTICLE XV - RESERVES AND TAXES
     The Reinsurer shall maintain the required reserves as to the Reinsurer's
portion of unearned premium, claims, losses, and adjustment expense.
     The Company shall be liable for all premium taxes on premium ceded to the
Reinsurer under this Agreement.  If the Reinsurer is obligated to pay any
premium taxes on this premium, the Company shall reimburse the Reinsurer;
however, the Company shall not be required to pay taxes twice on the same
premium.

ARTICLE XVI - OFFSET
     The Company or the Reinsurer may offset any balance, whether on account of
premium, commission, claims or losses, adjustment expense, salvage, or
otherwise, due from one party to the other under this Agreement or under any
other agreement heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Company and the
Reinsurer.


ARTICLE XVII - INSPECTION OF RECORDS
     The Company shall allow the Reinsurer to inspect,  at  reasonable  times,
the  records  of the  Company  relevant  to  the  business  reinsured  under
this  Agreement,   including   Company


                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>

files concerning claims, losses, or legal proceedings which involve or are
likely to involve the Reinsurer.

ARTICLE XVIII - ARBITRATION
     Any unresolved difference of opinion between the Reinsurer and the Company
shall be submitted to arbitration by three arbitrators.  One arbitrator shall be
chosen by the Reinsurer, and one shall be chosen by the Company.  The third
arbitrator shall be chosen by the other two arbitrators within ten (10) days
after they have been appointed.  If the two arbitrators cannot agree upon a
third arbitrator, each arbitrator shall nominate three persons of whom the other
shall reject two.  The third arbitrator shall then be chosen by drawing lots.
If either party fails to choose an arbitrator within thirty (30) days after
receiving the written request of the other party to do so, the latter shall
choose both arbitrators, who shall choose the third arbitrator.  The arbitrators
shall be impartial and shall be active or retired persons whose principal
occupation is or was as an officer of property and casualty insurance or
reinsurance companies.
     The party requesting arbitration (the "Petitioner") shall submit its brief
to the arbitrators within thirty (30) days after notice of the selection of the
third arbitrator.  Upon receipt of the Petitioner's brief, the other party (the
"Respondent") shall have thirty (30) days to file a reply brief. On receipt of
the Respondent's brief, the Petitioner shall have twenty (20) days to file a
rebuttal brief. Respondent shall have twenty (20) days from the receipt of
Petitioner's rebuttal brief to file its rebuttal brief. The arbitrators may
extend the time for filing of briefs at the request of either party.
     The arbitrators are relieved from judicial formalities and, in addition to
considering the rules of law and the customs and practices of the insurance and
reinsurance business, shall make their award with a view to effecting the
intent of this Agreement.  The decision of the majority shall be final and
binding upon the parties.  The costs of arbitration, including the fees


                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>

of the arbitrators, shall be shared equally unless the arbitrators decide
otherwise.  The arbitration shall be held at the times and places agreed upon by
the arbitrators.

ARTICLE XIX - INSOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY
     In the event of the insolvency of the Company, the reinsurance proceeds
will be paid to the Company or the liquidator immediately upon demand, with
reasonable provision for verification, on the basis of the amount of the claim
allowed in the insolvency proceeding without diminution by reason of the
inability of the Company to pay all or part of the claim.
     The Reinsurer shall be given written notice of the pendency of each claim
against the Company on the policy(ies) reinsured hereunder within a reasonable
time after such claim is filed in the insolvency proceedings.  The Reinsurer
shall have the right to investigate each such claim and to interpose, at its own
expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defenses
which it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator.  The expense thus
incurred by the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to court approval,
against the insolvent Company as part of the expense of liquidation to the
extent of a proportionate share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company
solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be








                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>

executed in duplicate,
this 8th day of March ,1994

                                   EMPLOYERS REINSURANCE CORPORATION


                                   By:______________________________
                                        SECOND VICE PRESIDENT



Attest:
______________________
    Vice President

and this 16th day of March, 1994




                                   CALFARM INSURANCE COMPANY
                                   ZENITH INSURANCE COMPANY
                                   ZNAT INSURANCE COMPANY

                                   By:________________________
                                      SR VICE-PRES.




Attest:
______________________





                                       14
<PAGE>

                       NUCLEAR INCIDENT EXCLUSION CLAUSE -
                       PHYSICAL DAMAGE - REINSURANCE - USA

(1)  This Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the Company
directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any Pool of
Insurers or Reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering Atomic or Nuclear
Energy risks.

(2)  Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) of this
Clause, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability accruing to the
Company, directly or indirectly and whether as Insurer or Reinsurer, from any
insurance against Physical Damage (including business interruption or
consequential loss arising out of such Physical Damage) to:

          (i)  Nuclear reactor power plants including all auxiliary property on
               the site, or

         (ii)  Any other nuclear reactor installation, including laboratories
               handling radioactive materials in connection with reactor
               installations, and "critical facilities" as such or

        (iii)  Installations for fabricating complete fuel elements or for
               processing substantial quantities of "special nuclear material",
               and for reprocessing, salvaging, chemically separating, storing
               or disposing of "spent" nuclear fuel or waste materials, or

         (iv)  Installations other than those listed in paragraph (2) (iii)
               above using substantial quantities of radioactive isotopes or
               other products of nuclear fission.

     (3)  Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1) and
(2) hereof, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
contamination accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as
Insurer or Reinsurer, from any insurance on property which is on the same site
as a nuclear reactor power plant or other nuclear installation and which
normally would be insured therewith except that this paragraph (3) shall not
operate:

               (a)  where the Company does not have knowledge of such nuclear
                    reactor power plant or nuclear installation, or

               (b)  where said insurance contains a provision excluding coverage
                    for damage to property caused by or resulting from
                    radioactive contamination, however caused.  However on and
                    after 1st January 1960 this sub-paragraph (b) shall only
                    apply provided the said radioactive contamination exclusion
                    provision has been approved by the Governmental Authority
                    having jurisdiction thereof.

(4)  Without in any way restricting the operations of paragraphs (1),(2) and (3)
hereof, this Agreement does not cover any loss or liability by radioactive
contamination accruing to the Company, directly or indirectly, and whether as
Insurer or Reinsurer, when such radioactive contamination is a named hazard
specifically insured against.

(5)  It is understood and agreed that this Clause shall not extend to risks
using radioactive isotopes in any form where the nuclear exposure is not
considered by the Company to be the primary hazard.

(6)  The term "special nuclear material" shall have the meaning given it in the
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 or by any law amendatory thereof

(7)  The Company to be sole judge of what constitutes:

          (a)   substantial quantities, and

          (b)   the extent of installation, plant or site.


Note: Without in any way restricting the operation of paragraph (1) hereof, it
      is understood and agreed that:

          (a)  all policies issued by the Company on or before 31st December
          1957 shall be free from the application of the other provisions of
          this Clause until expiry date or 31st December 1960 whichever first
          occurs whereupon all the provisions of this Clause shall apply.

          (b)  with respect to any risk located in Canada policies issued by the
          Company on or before 31st December 1958 shall be free from the
          application of the other provisions of this Clause until expiry date
          or 31st December 1960 whichever first occurs whereupon all the
          provisions of this Clause shall apply.

<PAGE>

                      POOLS, ASSOCIATIONS, AND SYNDICATES
                                EXCLUSION CLAUSE


SECTION A

     Excluding:

     All business derived directly or indirectly from any Pool, Association, or
     Syndicate which maintains its own reinsurance facilities.

     Any Pool or Scheme (whether voluntary or mandatory) formed after March 1,
     1968, for the purpose of insuring Property whether on a country-wide basis
     or in respect of designated areas.  This exclusion shall not apply to so-
     called Automobile Insurance Plans or other Pools formed to provide
     coverage for Automobile Physical Damage.

SECTION B


     It is agreed that business written by the Company for the same perils,
which is known at the time to be insured by, or in excess of underlying amounts
placed in the following Pools, Associations, or Syndicates, whether by way of
insurance or reinsurance, is excluded hereunder.

     Industrial Risk Insurers, Associated Factory Mutuals, Improved Risk
     Mutuals.

     Any Pool, Association, or Syndicate formed for the purpose of writing Oil,
     Gas, or Petro-Chemical Plants and/or Oil or Gas Drilling Rigs.

     United States Aircraft Insurance Group, Canadian Aircraft Insurance Group,
     Associated Aviation Underwriters, American Aviation Underwriters.

Section B does not apply:

     (a)  Where the Total Insured Value over all interests of the risk in
          question is less than $250,000,000.

     (b)  To interests traditionally underwritten as Inland Marine or Stock
          and/or Contents written on a Blanket basis.

     (c)  To Contingent Business Interruption, except when the Company is aware
          that the key location is known at the time to be insured in any Pool,
          Association, or Syndicate named above, other than as provided for
          under Section B(a).

<PAGE>


(d)  To risks as follows: Offices, Hotels, Apartments, Hospitals, Educational
     Establishments, Public Utilities (Other than Railroad Schedules) and
     Builders Risks on the classes of risks specified in the subsection (d)
     only.

SECTION C

         NEVERTHELESS the Reinsurer specifically agrees that liability accruing
to the Company for its participation in: The Florida Residential Property and
Casualty Joint Underwriting Association shall not be excluded or:

     (1)  The following so-called "Coastal Pools"

          ALABAMA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          FLORIDA WINDSTORM UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          LOUISIANA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          MISSISSIPPI WINDSTORM UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          NORTH CAROLINA INSURANCE UNDERWRITING
                           ASSOCIATION
          SOUTH CAROLINA WINDSTORM AND HAIL
                UNDERWRITING ASSOCIATION
          TEXAS CATASTROPHE PROPERTY INSURANCE
                         ASSOCIATION

                                       and

(2)  All "Fair Plan" and "Rural Risk Plan" business,

for all perils otherwise protected hereunder shall not be excluded herefrom,
except that this Agreement does not include any increase in such liability
resulting from (1) the inability of any other participant in such "Coastal Pool"
and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural Risk Plan" to meet its liability; or (2) any
claim against such "Coastal Pool" and/or "Fair Plan" and/or "Rural Risk Plan",
or any participant therein, including the Company, whether by way of subrogation
or otherwise, brought by or on behalf of any insolvency fund.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.27
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                   EXCESS MAJOR MEDICAL REINSURANCE AGREEMENT
                 (No. 0076820/Specific and Aggregate Retentions)
                                 January 1, 1993

                         CALFARM LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
                             Sacramento, California


<PAGE>

                   EXCESS MAJOR MEDICAL REINSURANCE AGREEMENT
                 (No. 0076820/Specific and Aggregate Retentions)


                                    SCHEDULE


1.   Reinsured:  CalFarm Life Insurance Company

2.   Address:  Sacramento, California

3.   Effective date:  January 1, 1993

4.   Liability period:

     (a)  First: Calendar year 1993

     (b)  Thereafter:  Each calendar year with respect to which this agreement
          is renewed in accordance with Article XII

5.   Reinsured's policies to which this agreement applies:

     (a)  Group Health Master Policy No. GH-1000 (Revised 4/93) and certificates
          issued thereunder covering members of California County Farm Bureaus
          of the California Farm Bureau Federation, but this reinsurance
          agreement does not apply to the medicare coverage provided under said
          policy.

     (b)  Group Health Master Policy No. GH-1001 (Revised 9/89) and certificates
          issued thereunder covering employees of the California County Farm
          Bureau Federation and employees of the California County Farm Bureaus.

     (c)  Group Health Master Policy No. GH-1100 and certificates issued
          thereunder covering employees of employers affiliated with the
          California County Farm Bureaus of the California Farm Bureau
          Federation.

     (d)  Group Health Master Policy No. GH-1150 and certificates issued
          thereunder covering members of California County Farm Bureaus of the
          California Farm Bureau Federation.

<PAGE>

6.   Retention each liability period:

     (a)  Specific retention each person:

          The first $120,000 of loss paid by the Reinsured during the liability
          period

     (b)  Aggregate retention all persons: $2,400,000

7.   Reinsurance (in excess of specific and aggregate retentions) pertaining to
     each person each liability period:

     100% of loss paid by the Reinsured during the liability period with respect
     to the person in excess of the total amount of loss retained by the
     Reinsured with respect to the person under Section A and Section B of
     Article II of this agreement

8.   Maximum reinsurance limit each person:

     An amount equal to the maximum lifetime benefit for the person provided by
     the policy less the total amount of the loss pertaining to the person
     retained by the Reinsured under Section A and Section B of Article II of
     this agreement and under Section A and Section B of Article II of the 1985
     medical treaty between the parties hereto, and less the Corporation's
     indemnity with respect to the person under the 1985 medical treaty between
     the parties hereto, but in no event more than $2,900,000, even though the
     person may be covered under more than one policy

9.   Reinsurance premium rates:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Monthly Rate
               Policy Maximum           Each Certificate
               --------------           ----------------
               <S>                      <C>
                 $1,000,000                  $3.49
                 $2,500,000                  $3.73
                 $3,000,000                  $3.80
</TABLE>

The agreement of which this Schedule is a part is hereby executed in duplicate
by the parties hereto.


      CALFARM LIFE INSURANCE                    EMPLOYERS REINSURANCE
            COMPANY                                 CORPORATION


/s/ SRZ                                   /s/
- ---------------------------------         ---------------------------------
Title:  Pres.                             Title:  Second Vice President


/s/ JJT                                   /s/
- ---------------------------------         ---------------------------------
Title:  Sr. VP                            Title:  Assistant Secretary

<PAGE>

                   EXCESS MAJOR MEDICAL REINSURANCE AGREEMENT


                        EMPLOYERS REINSURANCE CORPORATION
                                       of
                              Overland Park, Kansas
                         (herein called the Corporation)


agrees with the Reinsured named in the Schedule made a part hereof, in
consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, as follows:


                                    ARTICLE I

APPLICATION OF AGREEMENT.  This agreement applies to loss paid by the Reinsured
during the liability period(s) of this agreement under its policies specified in
Item 5 of the Schedule in force on or issued by the Reinsured to become
effective on or after the effective date of this agreement (hereinafter called
policies), and retained by the Reinsured after cession of all other reinsurance
whether collectible or not.

The attached Insolvency Clause is hereby made a part of this agreement.


                                   ARTICLE II

RETENTION AND REINSURANCE.  SECTION A.  SPECIFIC RETENTION EACH PERSON EACH
LIABILITY PERIOD.  As respects loss paid by the Reinsured during each liability
period pertaining to each person, the Reinsured shall retain under this
Section A the amount thereof indicated in Item 6(a) of the Schedule.  Loss paid
during each liability period pertaining to each person in excess of the amount
specified in Item 6(a) of the Schedule shall be retained by the Reinsured under
Section B of this Article until the retention for Section B is satisfied,
whereupon such loss shall be subject to indemnity under Section C of this
Article.

SECTION B.  AGGREGATE RETENTION ALL PERSONS EACH LIABILITY PERIOD.  As respects
loss paid by the Reinsured during each liability period pertaining to all
persons in excess of the retention applicable to each liability period for each
person required by Section A of this Article, the Reinsured shall retain under
this Section B the amount thereof indicated in Item 6(b) of the Schedule.

<PAGE>

SECTION C.  REINSURANCE.  As respects loss paid by the Reinsured during each
liability period pertaining to each person in excess of the retentions required
under Section A and Section B of this Article II, the Corporation hereby agrees
to indemnify the Reinsured against the percentage thereof specified in Item 7 of
the Schedule, subject to the reinsurance limit indicated in Item 8 of the
Schedule with respect to loss paid by the Reinsured during all liability periods
as pertaining to each person.


                                  ARTICLE III

DEFINITIONS.  As used in this agreement:

(a)  The term "liability period" shall mean a period of time as specified in
     Item 4 of the Schedule.

(b)  The word "loss" shall mean only such amounts as are actually paid by the
     Reinsured for medical benefits afforded under the policies, in settlement
     of claims for medical benefits under the policies or in satisfaction of
     judgments for medical benefits under the policies; but the word "loss"
     shall not include:

     (1)  claim expenses or salaries paid to employees of the Reinsured;

     (2)  any amount paid by the Reinsured for:

           (i) punitive or exemplary damages, or

          (ii) compensatory damages awarded to any person,

          arising out of the conduct of the Reinsured in the investigation,
          trial or settlement of any claim or failure to pay or delay in payment
          of any benefits under any policy; provided that, this subparagraph (2)
          shall not apply if the Corporation has, in advance of any such conduct
          by the Reinsured, counseled with the Reinsured and concurred in the
          Reinsured's course of conduct;

     (3)  any statutory penalty imposed upon the Reinsured on account of any
          unfair trade practice or any unfair claim practice.

(c)  The word "person" shall mean any one individual who is entitled to benefits
     under the policies.

                                      - 2 -

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV

REINSURANCE PREMIUM.  The reinsurance premium due the Corporation under this
agreement shall be computed in accordance with the reinsurance premium rate(s)
specified in the Schedule.  Such reinsurance premium shall not be subject to a
ceding commission to the Reinsured but shall be subject to profit commission as
hereinafter provided in Article V.


                                    ARTICLE V

PROFIT COMMISSION.  The Corporation does hereby agree to pay to the Reinsured
50% of the net profit, if any, accruing hereunder to the Corporation, calculated
with respect to each liability period in accordance with the following Schedule.

                                     CREDITS

     1.   The reinsurance premium earned by the Corporation during the period,
          determined in accordance with the rates specified in the Schedule.

     2.   Unpaid reinsurance losses at the end of the previous period.


                                     CHARGES

     1.   The amount of losses paid by the Corporation pertaining to the period.

     2.   Unpaid reinsurance losses at the end of the period.

     3.   As respects the first period only, the amount of $________________
          (carried forward from the 1985 medical treaty between the parties
          hereto).

     4.   The Corporation's basic operating margin equal to 15% of Item 1 of
          Credits.

     5.   The deficit, if any, at the end of the previous period.

The computation of profit commission for each liability period shall be made six
months after the end of the period, provided that, if losses are reported to the
Corporation more than six months after the end of the liability period in which
paid by the Reinsured, the profit commission for that liability period and all
liability periods thereafter shall be recomputed.

"Net profit" means the excess of Credits over Charges for any one liability
period.

                                      - 3 -

<PAGE>

"Deficit" means the excess of Charges over Credits for any one liability period.

"Unpaid reinsurance losses" shall be established in accordance with the
Corporation's current actuarial formula for medical loss reserves.

If the computation for the final liability period produces a deficit which is
wholly or in part due to inadequacy or absence of loss reserves in connection
with any previous liability period, the profit commission for each liability
period will be recomputed, and losses paid shall be a charge to profits in the
liability period during which each accident took place or sickness commenced,
and the Reinsured will refund to the Corporation profit commission previously
paid by reason of such inadequacy or absence of loss reserves.


                                   ARTICLE VI

REPORTING AND ACCOUNTING.  Within 20 days after the close of each calendar
month, the Reinsured shall furnish the Corporation with a report (in a form
satisfactory to the Corporation) showing reinsurance premium due the
Corporation.  The report shall also contain such other information as may be
required by the Corporation.  The reinsurance premium due the Corporation shall
accompany the report.


                                   ARTICLE VII

CLAIMS.  The Reinsured agrees that it will cause to be investigated and settled
or defended all claims arising under the policies and that it will give prompt
notice to the Corporation of any event or development which, in the judgment of
the Reinsured, might result in a claim upon the Corporation hereunder, and will
forward promptly to the Corporation copies of such claim documentation as may be
requested by the Corporation.

The Corporation shall have the right, at its own expense, to participate jointly
with the Reinsured in the investigation, adjustment or defense of any claim
which, in the judgment of the Corporation, it is or might become exposed.

The Corporation shall reimburse the Reinsured or its legal representative
promptly for loss against which indemnity is herein provided, upon receipt in
the home office of the Corporation of satisfactory evidence of payment of such
loss.

                                      - 4 -

<PAGE>

Within 35 days after the end of each calendar quarter, the Reinsured shall mail
to the Corporation a summary of the estimated values for the outstanding claims
reinsured by this agreement as of the last day of the quarter.


                                  ARTICLE VIII

INSPECTION OF RECORDS.  The Corporation may inspect the records of the Reinsured
pertaining to the policies reinsured hereunder.


                                   ARTICLE IX

PREMIUM TAXES.  The Corporation shall be under no obligation to reimburse the
Reinsured for any premium taxes paid by the Reinsured.


                                    ARTICLE X

OFFSET.  The Reinsured or the Corporation may offset any balance, whether on
account of premiums, commissions, loss or claim expenses due from one party to
the other under this agreement or under any other reinsurance agreement
heretofore or hereafter entered into between the Reinsured and the Corporation,
whether acting as assuming reinsurer or ceding company.


                                   ARTICLE XI

ASSIGNMENTS AND CHANGES OF INTEREST.  No assignment or change of the Reinsured's
interest hereunder, whether voluntary or involuntary and whether by merger or
reinsurance or its entire business with another company or otherwise, shall be
binding upon the Corporation.


                                   ARTICLE XII

TERMINATION.  This agreement shall continue in effect until January 1, 1994,
which shall be the termination date.

This agreement may be renewed by amendment executed by both parties.

This agreement does not apply to loss paid by the Reinsured on or after the
termination date of this agreement.

                                      - 5 -

<PAGE>

                                INSOLVENCY CLAUSE

The ceding insurer and the reinsurer agree that, in the event of the insolvency
of the ceding insurer, as to all reinsurance made, ceded, renewed or otherwise
becoming effective after the effective date of this agreement, the reinsurance
shall be payable by the reinsurer on the basis of the amount of liability of the
ceding insurer under the contract or contracts reinsured without diminution
because of the insolvency of the ceding insurer; furthermore, that such amount
shall be paid directly to the ceding insurer or its liquidator, receiver or
other statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118 of the Insurance
Law of New York, or except (a) where the contract specifically provides another
payee of such insurance in the event of the insolvency of the ceding insurer,
and 1b) where the reinsurer, with the consent of the direct insured or insureds,
has assumed such policy obligations of the ceding insurer as direct obligations
of the reinsurer to the payees under such policies and in substitution for the
obligations of the ceding insurer to such payee.

It is understood and agreed, however, that the obligations of the ceding company
as set forth in this reinsurance contract, including, among others, the duty to
investigate, settle and defend all claims arising under policies with respect to
which reinsurance is afforded by this agreement, shall remain unimpaired and
unaffected by the insolvency of the ceding insurer and shall be assumed by the
liquidator, receiver or statutory successor of the ceding insurer in the
liquidation or receivership proceeding and that such liquidator, receiver or
statutory successor shall give written notice to the reinsurer of the pendency
of a claim against the ceding insurer on the policy or bond reinsured within a
reasonable time after such claim is filed in the insolvency proceeding and that
during the pendency of such claim the reinsurer may investigate such claim and
interpose, at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be
adjudicated, any defense or defenses which it may deem available to the ceding
insurer, its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor.  The expense thus
incurred by the reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to court approval,
against the insolvent ceding insurer as part of the expense of liquidation to
the extent of a proportionate share of the benefit which may accrue to the
ceding insurer solely as the result of the defense undertaken or asserted by the
reinsurer.

Where two or more reinsurers are involved in the same claim and a majority in
interest elect to interpose a defense to such claim, the expense shall be
apportioned in accordance with the terms of this reinsurance agreement as though
such expense been incurred by the ceding insurer.

Nothing hereinabove set forth in this insolvency clause shall in anywise change
the relationship or status of the parties hereto, to wit, that of ceding insurer
and reinsurer, nor enlarge the obligations of either party to each other, except
as specifically hereinabove provided, to wit, to pay the statutory successor on
the basis of the amount of liability of the ceding insurer under the contract or
contracts reinsured, rather than on the basis of the actual amount of loss
(dividends) paid by the liquidator, receiver or statutory successor to allowed
claimants, nor, except as hereinabove specifically provided, shall anything in
this insolvency clause in any manner create any obligations or establish any
rights against the reinsurer in favor of any third parties or any persons not
parties to this reinsurance contract.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 11
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                        ----------------------------------------------
                                                                             1993            1992            1991
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
<S>        <C>                                                          <C>             <C>             <C>
(A)        Net income.................................................  $   53,200,000  $   28,700,000  $   45,901,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
           Number of shares used in calculating primary earnings per
           share:
             Weighted average outstanding shares during the period....      18,998,000      18,914,000      18,981,000
             Additional common shares issuable under employee stock
               options using the treasury stock method (Note 1):......         299,000           4,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
(B)        Average outstanding shares.................................      19,297,000      18,918,000      18,981,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
           Primary earnings per share
           (A) / (B)..................................................           $2.76           $1.52           $2.42
           Number of shares used in calculating fully diluted earnings
           per share:
             Weighted average outstanding shares during the period....      18,998,000      18,914,000      18,981,000
             Additional common shares issuable under employee stock
               options using the treasury stock method (Note 2):......         326,000          37,000           1,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                            19,324,000      18,951,000      18,982,000
(C)        Average outstanding shares.................................
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
           Fully diluted earnings per share
           (A) / (C)..................................................           $2.75           $1.51           $2.42
<FN>
- ------------------------
Notes:
(1)  Based on the average quarterly market price of each period. Optioned shares
    were anti-dilutive in 1991.
(2) Based on the higher of the average market price or price at the end of  each
    period.
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

     The following table presents a reconciliation of changes in liabilities
for property-casualty losses and loss adjustment expenses for the three years
ended December 31, 1993. Additional information relating to reserve development
appears on page 38.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                       1993       1992       1991
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
Beginning of year, net of reinsurance
  recoverable                              $ 464,149  $ 440,180  $ 415,645

Incurred claims:
  Current year                               266,137    269,798    261,766
  Prior years                                  9,071     19,934      3,085
                                           ---------  ---------  ---------
Total incurred claims                        275,208    289,732    264,851

Payments:
  Current year                               (93,824)   (88,692)   (86,402)
  Prior years                               (176,815)  (177,071)  (153,914)
                                           ---------  ---------  ---------
Total payments                              (270,639)  (265,763)  (240,316)
                                           ---------  ---------  ---------
End of year, net of reinsurance              468,718    464,149    440,180

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid
  losses                                      44,552     32,701
                                           ---------  ---------  ---------
End of year (1) (2)                        $ 513,270  $ 496,850  $ 440,180
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(1) Statutory reserves are not materially different from GAAP reserves
presented above.

(2) Financial statement reserves are shown gross of reinsurance recoverable
at December 31, 1992 and 1993.
</TABLE>

                                       1
<PAGE>

     The following table represents statutory loss and expense development by
accident year.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Incurred loss and loss adjustment expense (1)
Years in which                         reported at end of year (000 omitted)
 losses were             ----------------------------------------------------------------
  incurred               1988        1989        1990        1991        1992        1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Prior to 1988            $1,100,207  $1,096,427  $1,095,266  $1,091,857  $1,090,025  $1,090,537
    1988                    223,146     219,375     210,856     209,182     211,472     213,905
Cumulative                1,323,353   1,315,802   1,306,122   1,301,039   1,301,497   1,304,442
    1989                                231,956     234,878     229,121     234,481     238,051
Cumulative                            1,547,758   1,541,000   1,530,160   1,535,978   1,542,493
    1990                                            246,088     258,356     269,321     274,281
Cumulative                                        1,787,088   1,788,516   1,805,299   1,816,774
    1991                                                        264,243     267,488     273,817
Cumulative                                                    2,052,759   2,072,787   2,090,591
    1992                                                                    270,162     261,510
Cumulative                                                                2,342,949   2,352,101
    1993                                                                                266,316
Ratios:
    1988                     63.47%      62.39%      59.97%      59.50%      60.15%      60.84%
    1989                                 65.02       65.83       64.22       65.72       66.72
    1990                                             65.94       69.23       72.17       73.50
    1991                                                         70.05       70.91       72.59
    1992                                                                     70.73       68.47
    1993                                                                                 65.23
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
(1) This analysis displays the accident year incurred loss and loss adjustment
expense development on a statutory basis for accident years 1988-1993 for all
property-casualty business. Data for 1985-1988 have been restated to reflect
subrogation, previously excluded in the old schedule "O" lines of business. The
total cost for all claims occurring within each annual period is shown first at
the end of that year and then annually thereafter. The total cost includes both
payments made and the estimate of future payments as of each year end. Past
development may not be an accurate indicator of future development since trends
and conditions change.
</TABLE>

                                       2


<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW
    The consolidated results of operations were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                                                1993       1992       1991
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>
Investment income, after tax, excluding health and life             $  25,475  $  31,402  $  35,624
Realized gains on investments, after tax                               17,932     10,847     10,399
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub-total                                                              43,407     42,249     46,023
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property and casualty underwriting, after tax:
  Income (loss) excluding catastrophes and Proposition 103              8,652     (4,208)     3,015
  Catastrophes                                                         (1,365)    (9,900)    (6,930)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property and casualty underwriting income (loss) excluding
  Proposition 103                                                       7,287    (14,108)    (3,915)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Health and life income after tax, excluding CLIGA assessment            7,424      8,205      6,913
Interest expense, after tax                                            (4,328)    (4,273)    (3,584)
Parent expenses, after tax                                             (2,176)    (2,126)    (2,136)
Other non-recurring items, after tax:
  Proposition 103 rollback refund                                                (10,611)
  CLIGA assessment                                                     (3,328)
  Lawsuit settlement                                                    4,914
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes                      10,719
  Extraordinary items                                                             (1,355)     2,600
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                          $  53,200  $  28,700  $  45,901
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Declining interest rates in the three years ended December 31, 1993 have
reduced investment income. This decline has been offset, in part, by the effect
of realized gains from sales and early redemptions of securities. Reduced
investment income earned in the health and life operation has been offset by the
effect of managing the spread between the interest earned on invested assets and
the interest credited to policyholders. In addition to the impact of fewer
catastrophe losses in 1993, property-casualty underwriting results benefited
from a significant improvement in the results of the Workers' Compensation
operation.

                                       3

<PAGE>
PROPERTY AND CASUALTY INSURANCE OPERATIONS
    Premiums earned and underwriting results of Zenith's property-casualty
subsidiaries were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                                           1993        1992        1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Premiums earned
  Workers' Compensation                                       $  244,661  $  221,652  $  208,989
  Reinsurance                                                     23,295      18,382      26,347
  Automobile and other Property and Casualty                     137,945     137,392     140,732
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                                                       $  405,901  $  377,426  $  376,068
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Underwriting income (loss) before taxes
  Workers' Compensation                                       $   11,618  $   (1,495) $   (1,477)
  Reinsurance                                                      5,337     (14,002)     (7,668)
  Automobile and other Property and Casualty
    excluding Proposition 103 rollback refund                     (5,704)     (5,124)        692
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total excluding Proposition 103 rollback refund                 11,251     (20,621)     (8,453)
    Proposition 103 rollback refund                                          (16,078)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total including Proposition 103 rollback refund             $   11,251  $  (36,699) $   (8,453)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating ratios
  Workers' Compensation
    Losses                                                         38.9%       53.6%       56.6%
    Loss adjustment expenses                                       28.5%       21.4%       13.2%
    Underwriting expenses                                          21.7%       24.4%       27.0%
    Dividends to policyholders                                      6.2%        1.3%        3.9%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio                                               95.3%      100.7%      100.7%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Reinsurance
    Losses and loss adjustment expenses                            58.7%      149.3%       99.8%
    Underwriting expenses                                          18.4%       26.9%       29.3%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio                                               77.1%      176.2%      129.1%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Automobile and other Property and Casualty
    Losses and loss adjustment expenses                            70.1%       70.0%       65.8%
    Underwriting expenses                                          34.0%       33.7%       33.7%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio excluding Prop. 103 rollback refund          104.1%      103.7%       99.5%
    Proposition 103 rollback refund                                            11.7%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio including Prop. 103 rollback refund          104.1%      115.4%       99.5%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total combined ratio excluding Prop. 103 rollback refund         97.2%      105.5%      102.2%
    Proposition 103 rollback refund                                             4.2%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total combined ratio including Prop. 103 rollback refund         97.2%      109.7%      102.2%
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       4

<PAGE>
    In general, the profitability of property-casualty insurance underwriting
operations is dependent upon, principally, the adequacy of rates charged to the
insured for insurance protection, the frequency and severity of claims, the
ability of the Company to accurately accrue reported and unreported losses in
the correct period, the level of dividends paid to policyholders, and the
Company's ability to service claims, maintain policies and acquire business
efficiently. The cost of defending claims, particularly claims involving fraud
and abuse, has increased substantially in recent years. Property insurance
exposes Zenith to the risk of significant loss in the event of major adverse
natural phenomena, known in the insurance industry as catastrophes. These
catastrophes may cause significant contemporaneous financial statement losses
since catastrophe losses may not be accrued in advance of the event.
    The amount by which losses, measured subsequently by reference to payments
and additional estimates, differ from those originally reported for a period is
known as development. This is favorable when losses ultimately settle for less
than that for which they were reserved or subsequent estimates indicate a basis
for reducing reserves on open claims. The following shows the one year loss
reserve development for loss and loss expenses for the three main lines of
property-casualty business:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          Automobile
                          Workers'         and other
(Dollars in thousands)  Compensation   Property/Casualty  Reinsurance    Total
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>            <C>                <C>          <C>
One year loss
  development in
  1993                    $   4,704        $   4,657       $    (290)  $   9,071
  1992                       13,502            5,177           1,255      19,934
  1991                         (464)          (1,741)          5,290       3,085
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Favorable development is shown in brackets in the table above.
    Adverse development in 1993 and 1992 was due principally to development of
prior year reserves for loss adjustment expenses which was caused by increased
expenditures on the loss adjustment process, discussed below.
    The exposure of the insurance industry to losses arising out of the cost of
pollution damage and savings and loan bankruptcies has been the focus of
attention of a number of interested parties in recent years. Zenith's potential
exposure to losses arising out of pollution clean-up costs began in 1985 when it
commenced the writing of liability coverage under small commercial policies
through CalFarm Insurance and through its reinsurance operation. The policies
written or reinsured by Zenith's subsidiaries contain exclusion clauses for
pollution related losses and such losses are thereby substantially excluded from
all such coverage written by Zenith's subsidiaries. While Zenith has from time
to time received claims for damages resulting from pollution, Zenith believes
that many of these claims will be excluded from coverage and that these claims
will not have a material adverse effect on Zenith's financial condition.
    Zenith has also participated, to a limited extent, through assumed
reinsurance, in casualty coverages with some exposure to liability for the costs
of savings and loan bankruptcies. Such participation is limited and although
Zenith has been advised of some claims related thereto, the ultimate outcome is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on Zenith's financial condition.
    An uncertain political and regulatory environment, both state and federal,
including proposals relating to national health insurance and the possibilities
of initiatives impacting auto insurance and other areas; the lack of economic
growth in California; a highly competitive insurance industry; and the changing
environment for controlling medical, legal and rehabilitation costs, as well as
fraud and abuse, are all factors that continue to create a challenging operating
environment in the property-casualty industry. Also, lower interest rates reduce
investment income while increasing the market value of certain securities.
Although management is currently unable to predict the effect of any of the
foregoing, these trends and uncertainties could have a material effect on
Zenith's future operations and financial condition.
    On January 17, 1994 an earthquake centered in Northridge, California caused
widespread property damage throughout the Los Angeles area, including damage to
Zenith's corporate offices. The risk of earthquakes in California is taken into
consideration in determining rates for insurance and reinsurance and earthquake
insurance is characterized by a high retention

                                       5

<PAGE>
of risk by policyholders. Accordingly, even though estimates of the damage
caused by the Northridge earthquake run as high as $30 billion, insured losses
are not expected to exceed $3 billion. Zenith anticipates that it will suffer
some losses as a result of the Northridge earthquake which will be reported in
the first quarter of 1994.

WORKERS' COMPENSATION
    Underwriting results improved considerably in 1993 compared to 1992 and 1991
principally because of favorable changes in loss frequency trends. Loss
adjustment expenses increased from $27,634,000 to $47,376,000 to $69,625,000 or,
as a percentage of earned premiums, increased from 13.2% to 21.4% to 28.5% from
1991 to 1992 to 1993. Loss adjustment expenses include the expenses of
servicing, analyzing, investigating and defending claims. These increased
expenditures on the loss adjustment process were undertaken with a view to
decreasing the total outlay for losses, particularly cases involving fraud and
abuse. Management believes that these actions have had, and will continue to
have, a favorable effect on the results of the Workers' Compensation operation.
    Premiums charged for workers' compensation insurance in the State of
California are based on, and until December 31, 1994 will continue to be based
on, minimum rates set by the California Insurance Commissioner (the
"Commissioner"). These minimum rates are applied in conjunction with an
experience modification factor, risk-based surcharges and a dividend plan to
arrive at the net cost of insurance to the policyholder. Minimum rates have been
adjusted as follows: January 1, 1991 +3.9%; January 1, 1992 +1.2%; July 1, 1992
+6.7%; July 16, 1993 -7.0%; and January 1, 1994 -12.7%. These changes have
consistently fallen short of the increases that were recommended by the Workers'
Compensation Rating Bureau during this time, however, the recommendations did
not anticipate the recent favorable changes in loss frequency trends. In the
event that rates as constituted after January 1, 1994 prove to be inadequate,
the profitability of Zenith's Workers' Compensation operations may be adversely
affected. Earned premiums increased during the three years ended December 31,
1993 principally because of an increase in premiums attributable to policies
written with surcharges and, to a lesser extent, premiums attributable to
policies written in Texas, an operation which Zenith commenced in 1992. Premiums
written on non-standard policies were $54,945,000 in 1993 compared to
$42,971,000 in 1992 and $15,048,000 in 1991. Premiums written in Texas in 1993
were $10,174,000 compared to $3,925,000 in 1992.
    In July, 1993, certain significant workers' compensation legislation was
signed into law in California. Among other things, the new laws will affect the
California workers' compensation industry as follows:
    Rating -- Minimum rates were reduced by 7% from those in effect on July 16,
1993. Effective January 1, 1995, the minimum rate law will be abolished and
companies will charge their own, actuarially determined rates.
    Benefits -- Maximum weekly benefits for temporary disability will be
increased on July 1, 1994, July 1, 1995 and July 1, 1996, from the current level
of $336 to $490 on July 1, 1996. Maximum weekly benefits for permanent
disability will be subject to increases on these same dates. Permanent partial
disability weekly benefits will increase from a maximum of $148 to $230 with the
greatest increases in cases where disability ratings exceed 70%. Death benefits
will be increased on July 1, 1994 and again on July 1, 1996. At July 1, 1996,
death benefits will amount to $125,000, $145,000 and $160,000 for a worker with
one, two and three total dependents, respectively.
    Cost containment -- Major changes
will provide a tougher standard for compensability of stress claims, limit the
number of medical-legal evaluations, limit post termination claims, provide
certain managed care flexibility, limit medical self-referrals where there is a
financial interest and provide limits on vocational rehabilitation costs.
    Management is unable to predict the impact that the above legislative
changes will have on its business. Historically, analysis and estimates of the
impact of legislative changes have been difficult to predict with any reasonable
degree of accuracy.

                                       6

<PAGE>
AUTOMOBILE AND OTHER PROPERTY AND CASUALTY
    Results of operations during 1993 and 1992 were adversely affected by
unfavorable weather and fire related losses. Such losses in 1993 included $1.6
million (of which $1.0 million was assumed from the California Fair Plan,
described below) related to the Southern California brush fires in the fall.
    Results of operations in 1992 were reduced when Zenith's subsidiaries
refunded approximately $14 million, with interest of approximately $4.6 million,
to certain affected policyholders to settle the rollback contingency under
Proposition 103. The net cost of the refund after reinsurance reduced
underwriting income in the Automobile and Other Property and Casualty operation
in 1992 by $16.1 million or $10.6 million ($.56 per share) after tax. As part of
the agreement, the California Department of Insurance (the "Department") gave
final approval to all of the Company's rate applications on affected lines of
business subsequent to the rollback period and approved certain rate increases
on farmowners and homeowners policies effective July 1, 1993. Rates were
increased effective July 1, 1993, by 8% for farmowners' policies and by 15.4%
for homeowners' policies. Rate increases, if requested, beyond those subject to
such agreement are subject to prior approval by the Department. Management is
unable to predict whether any such requests for future rate increases, if any,
will be granted by the Department but failure by the Department to act upon such
requests will adversely affect the adequacy of such rates and the profitability
of operations in the lines of business so affected.
    CalFarm is required to participate in involuntary market plans, including
the California Automobile Assigned Risk Plan ("CAARP"), the Commercial
Automobile Insurance Procedure ("CAIP") and the California Fair Plan. CAARP,
CAIP and the California Fair Plan are organizations that were established by
statute in California but are serviced by the insurance industry. These
organizations provide private passenger automobile coverage for bodily injury
and property damage, commercial automobile coverage and property coverage to
risks that would not otherwise be accepted in the ordinary course of business by
private insurance carriers. Participation in these organizations by private
carriers in California is mandatory. CAARP, CAIP and the California Fair Plan
together result in additional involuntary assumptions of insurance premiums and
losses which resulted in underwriting losses before taxes of approximately $1.6
million in 1993, $1.4 million in 1992, and $2.5 million in 1991.

REINSURANCE
    Reinsurance is an insurance transaction between two insurance companies, in
which one company buys protection from losses sustained under its own insurance
policies which exceed the level it can prudently sustain.
    Zenith's current participation in the reinsurance market is highly selective
and is limited principally to participation in the reinsurance of large
individual property losses and the accumulation of losses caused by
catastrophes. Events in recent years have served to increase the premiums paid
for such reinsurance and to increase the amount of such risk retained by
insurers and reinsurers. These developments have created a market which
management believes presents reasonable, acceptable opportunities to produce
favorable underwriting results. However, Zenith's assumed reinsurance business
is written with a view to limiting the company's exposure to losses from any one
event to a maximum of approximately 5% of stockholders' equity.
    Underwriting results in 1993 were impacted favorably by the absence of the
type of large catastrophe losses that were characteristic of earlier years. Even
though 1993 was punctuated by certain notable property catastrophe losses, for
the most part, these events did not, individually, cause significant losses to
Zenith because of the higher retention of risk by insurers and reinsurers
referred to above. In 1992, losses of approximately $9.8 million were sustained
in conjunction with Hurricanes "Andrew" and "Iniki". In addition to these
losses, the results of the Reinsurance operation in 1992 were adversely affected
by other large, worldwide property losses. In 1991, catastrophe losses incurred
by the Reinsurance operation amounted to approximately $10.0 million and were
attributable primarily to adverse development of losses associated with
Hurricane "Hugo", the 1990 European

                                       7

<PAGE>
windstorms, the Exxon Valdez oil spill and the Phillips Petroleum disaster and,
to a lesser extent, 1991 losses attributable to typhoon damage in Japan and the
Oakland Fire.
    During 1993, substantial new capital was drawn into the reinsurance market
in the form of new companies which were formed to write, among other things,
property reinsurance and in the form of new capital subscriptions to Lloyd's
underwriting entities in London, some of which capital was subscribed by
corporations for the first time. Although such new capital does not appear to
have significantly impacted reinsurance premium rates for 1994, management is
unable to predict what impact, if any, such a substantial increase in capital
will have on Zenith's assumed reinsurance business in the future.

FEDERAL INCOME TAXES
    In 1992, Zenith adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,
Accounting for Income Taxes ("SFAS No. 109") under which deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are established, at the currently enacted statutory rate
to reflect temporary differences between the financial statement values of
assets and liabilities and their respective tax values. Valuation allowances are
established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts
expected to be realized. The provision for deferred tax in the consolidated
statement of operations represents the change for the period in the net deferred
tax asset or liability. In addition, SFAS No. 109 sets forth the standard for
the recognition of the tax benefit of a capital or operating loss and no longer
requires the presentation of such tax benefit as an extraordinary item when such
loss carryforward is utilized. At December 31, 1993 Zenith did not establish a
valuation reserve since it believes that all of its deferred tax assets are
fully realizable. In particular, deferred tax assets which arise from
differences between insurance reserves on a tax and book basis are fully
realizable because of the historical profitability of Zenith's property and
casualty and health and life operations. Zenith had previously established a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets which were related to future capital
loss deductions since management believed that future capital gains could not be
predicted with sufficient certainty to satisfy the criteria for asset
recognition under SFAS 109. During 1993 and 1992 realized gains were recognized
and these capital loss tax benefits were realized and the related valuation
allowance was reduced to zero.
    In August, 1993, the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ("the Act") was
enacted. Among other provisions, the Act provides for an increase of 1% in the
rate of income tax on corporations effective January 1, 1993, an increase in
limitations on the deductibility of certain business expenses, an increase in
the cost of payroll taxes and increases in the marginal tax rates of higher
income individuals.
    The increase in personal tax rates may impact the savings behavior of
individuals through the reduction of disposable income and/or by the enhancement
of tax deferred savings vehicles such as deferred annuities. Management is
currently unable to predict the effect of the changes in personal taxation
contained in the Act on its operations.

INVESTMENTS
    Fluctuations in interest rates impact investment income, realized and
unrealized capital gains, the market value of investments and stockholders'
equity. During the last several years, interest rates have declined and reached
relatively low levels by recent historical measures. Subsequent to year end,
interest rates have risen providing opportunities for increased investment
income due to Zenith's larger cash and short-term investment position, while at
the same time reducing the market value of investments and stockholders' equity.
Since fluctuations in interest rates are probably the norm, management is unable
to predict the impact on Zenith's operations or balance sheet of such changes at
any point in time.
    Effective December 31, 1993, Zenith implemented Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115 "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and
Equity Securities" ("SFAS No. 115") which sets forth rules for the accounting
treatment of investments. Among other provisions, SFAS No. 115 sets forth
criteria for the classification of debt securities among three categories. These
criteria include the existence of a "positive intent" and ability to hold a debt
security to maturity for such a security to be

                                       8

<PAGE>
classified as "held-to-maturity" and to be accounted for at amortized cost.
Investments classified as "available-for-sale" are reported at fair value with
unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of stockholders'
equity and investments classified as "trading securities" are reported at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. The effect of
implementing SFAS No. 115 was an increase in stockholders' equity of
$12,163,000, net of deferred taxes, from the change in carrying value of
Zenith's securities identified as "available-for-sale."
    Zenith maintains a diversified investment portfolio consisting of common
stock, preferred stock, investment grade and non-investment grade bonds and
other investments. The goal is to maintain safety and liquidity, enhance
principal values and achieve increased rates of return consistent with
regulatory constraints. The allocation amongst these types of securities is
adjusted from time to time based on market conditions, credit conditions, tax
policy and other factors. The distribution of Zenith's consolidated investment
portfolio is shown in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
At December 31,                                     1993                                1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Carrying      % of        Fair      Carrying      % of        Fair
(Dollars in thousands)                  value       total      value        value       total      value
<S>                                  <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bonds:
  Investment grade:
    U.S. Government securities       $   442,369      29.4%  $  443,551  $   383,913      27.9%  $  387,862
    Other                                613,680      40.9%     649,866      626,515      45.6%     656,703
  Non-investment grade                    17,995       1.2%      17,995       23,463       1.7%      22,565
Stocks:
  Redeemable preferred:
    Investment grade                      30,589       2.0%      30,589       53,786       3.9%      52,565
    Non-investment grade                   2,386       0.2%       2,386        1,758       0.1%       1,847
  Other preferred                         42,741       2.9%      42,741       47,259       3.4%      47,259
  Common                                  15,575       1.0%      15,575       29,656       2.2%      29,656
Short-term investments:
  U.S. Government securities             124,306       8.3%     124,306       19,977       1.5%      19,977
  Other                                  152,535      10.2%     152,535      138,721      10.1%     138,721
Other investments                         58,221       3.9%                   50,048       3.6%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total investments                    $ 1,500,397     100.0%              $ 1,375,096     100.0%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The carrying value of non-investment grade bonds and preferred stocks owned
by Zenith's property-casualty subsidiaries was 6.2% and 6.5% of statutory
surplus at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The carrying value of
non-investment grade bonds owned by Zenith's life insurance subsidiary was 34.8%
and 56.2% of statutory surplus at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Carrying values of non-investment grade bonds and preferred stocks for this
comparison are based upon values and ratings used by the Securities Valuation
Office of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC"). The NAIC
may assign a non-investment grade rating to a security that is rated investment
grade by one or more rating agency.

                                       9

<PAGE>
      The change in the GAAP carrying value of Zenith's consolidated investment
  portfolio in 1993 and 1992 was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                                                       1993         1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>          <C>
Carrying value at beginning of year                                       $ 1,375,096  $ 1,201,826
  Purchases at cost                                                           620,044      638,854
  Maturities and exchanges of fixed maturities                               (196,611)    (124,158)
  Proceeds from sales of fixed maturity investments:
    Held for investment                                                       (11,528)    (248,591)
    Held for sale                                                            (224,729)     (41,735)
    Trading portfolio                                                        (140,764)
  Proceeds from sales of other investments                                    (78,275)     (64,596)
  Realized gains from sales of investments:
    Held for investment                                                           370        8,623
    Held for sale                                                               5,948        1,184
    Other investments                                                           9,591        3,193
  Realized gains from maturities and exchanges of investments:
    Held for investment                                                         4,737
    Held for sale                                                                 399
  Realized losses from writedowns of investments                                            (2,153)
  Unrealized gains on investments                                              20,937       11,405
  Increase (decrease) in short-term investments                               116,953       (6,683)
  Net amortization of bonds and preferred stocks and other changes             (1,771)      (2,073)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carrying value at end of year                                             $ 1,500,397  $ 1,375,096
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

      The  information concerning the activity  in Zenith's investment portfolio
  described  in  the  table  above  is  presented  for  periods  prior  to   the
  implementation of SFAS No. 115.

    In 1992, proceeds from sales of fixed maturities held for investment include
$76,622,000 from the sale of municipal bonds, of which $45,341,000 related to
municipal bonds that would otherwise have matured within two years of the date
of sale. In addition, the proceeds from sales of fixed maturities held for
investment include $17,596,000 related to sales of taxable bonds that would
otherwise have matured within two years of the date of sale. Such sales of
tax-exempt and other bonds with short maturities were made to take advantage of
prices at the short end of the yield curve, particularly for tax-exempt
securities, and to utilize tax loss carry forwards.
    During the three years ended December 31, 1993, investment income was as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------
Investment income
 (Dollars in
 thousands)           1993       1992       1991
<S>                 <C>        <C>        <C>
- ---------------------------------------------------
Property and
  Casualty
  portfolio (incl.
  Parent)
  Before tax        $  37,135  $  43,128  $  46,127
  After tax            25,475     31,402     35,624
Health and Life
  portfolio
  Before tax           55,339     53,486     49,558
  After tax            35,970     35,301     32,708
Consolidated
  Before tax           92,474     96,614     95,685
  After tax            61,445     66,703     68,332
- ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       10

<PAGE>
    The yields on invested assets for the three years ended December 31, 1993
were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------
Investment yields     1993       1992       1991
- ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>        <C>        <C>
Property and
 Casualty
 Portfolio (incl.
 Parent)
  Before tax             5.1%       6.2%       7.2%
  After tax              3.5%       4.5%       5.6%
Health and Life
 Portfolio
  Before tax             7.7%       8.6%       9.4%
  After tax              5.0%       5.7%       6.2%
- ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The decrease in yields was attributable to a general decrease in interest
rates, shorter average maturities and higher average quality of invested assets
during the three years ended December 31, 1993. The profitability of
property-casualty and health and life operations is partially dependent upon
Zenith's ability to generate investment income from its cash flows. The
reduction in yields from 1991 to 1993 has reduced the profitability of the
property-casualty operations and future profitability will be similarly related
to the level of such yields. The profitability of the health and life operation
is also dependent upon the spread between interest earned on invested assets and
interest credited to policyholders as discussed below under "Health and Life."
    Realized gains on investments for the three years ended December 31, 1993
were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------
Realized gains
(Dollars in
thousands)             1993       1992       1991
- ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Before tax           $  21,045  $  10,847  $  12,999
After tax               17,932     10,847     10,399
- ----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Taxes  on net realized gains during the  three years ended December 31, 1993
were reduced by the  benefit associated with losses  carried forward from  1990,
however, in 1991 such tax benefit was recorded as an extraordinary item.

HEALTH AND LIFE
    Results of the Health and Life operations for the three years ended December
31, 1993 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in
 thousands)         1993       1992       1991
- -------------------------------------------------
<S>               <C>        <C>        <C>
Premium income
  and other
  policy charges  $  63,921  $  64,448  $  61,556
Income before
  tax and before
  realized gains
  on investments   6,623        12,124     10,513
Income after
  taxes              12,932     10,354      8,325
Invested
  assets at
  December 31,      767,337    682,896    570,872
Deposits on
  deferred annuity
  contracts at
  December 31,  545,956        485,096    391,194
Stockholder's
  equity at
  December 31,      124,610    103,944     87,738
- -------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Results of the Health and Life operation for 1993 were relatively unchanged
compared to 1992 and 1991, prior to the retroactive assessment from the
California Life Insurance Guarantee Association ("CLIGA"). CLIGA was established
by the California Life Insurance Guarantee Association Act effective January 1,
1991 to protect life insurance and annuity policyholders against impairment or
insolvency of life insurance companies by creating an association of insurers to
pay benefits and continue coverage. CLIGA assesses member insurers separately
for each impairment or insolvency based on each insurer's proportion of its
premium to the total premiums in California for the three years prior to
impairment or insolvency. In December 1991, CalFarm Life was first notified of
the insolvency of Executive Life Insurance Company ("Executive Life"). In March
1992, CalFarm Life received the first assessment for Executive Life, based on a
premium definition that excluded "annuity and fund deposits". This resulted in
an immaterial assessment for CalFarm Life. In

                                       11

<PAGE>
August 1993, CLIGA retroactively adjusted prior and future years' assessments to
include "annuity and fund deposits" as premiums. Based on this new definition,
CalFarm Life received its first revised assessment and paid $1,277,000 in
September 1993. Using this assessment, information contained in the
court-approved plan to sell the assets of Executive Life, and data provided by
the National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guarantee Associations,
CalFarm Life has estimated its liability for the Executive Life and other
liquidations not yet billed to be approximately $3,843,000. The total estimated
assessment of $5,120,000 is reflected in the 1993 results.
    Results of the health operations continue to benefit from CalFarm Life's
mutually beneficial, long-standing relationship with the California Farm Bureau
Federation (the "Farm Bureau"). Prior to July 1, 1993 health premiums were
written under two group health insurance programs sponsored by the Farm Bureau.
Effective July 1, 1993, one of the Farm Bureau plans was discontinued by CalFarm
Life. Insureds under this plan were offered membership in the remaining Farm
Bureau sponsored plan. Health premium accounted for approximately 81%, 81% and
82% of the Health, Life and Annuity premium income in 1993, 1992, and 1991,
respectively. Health premium rates were on average 10% higher in 1993 over 1992
to cover escalating costs of health care and increased utilization. It is not
possible to predict the impact of the Clinton Administration's health care
reform bill or possible state law changes on CalFarm Life's business until
definitive legislation, if any, emerges. CalFarm Life's performance has not been
adversely affected by AIDS claims, however, any significant proliferation of
AIDS claims could impact future premium rates.
    CalFarm Life's deposits from Universal Life contracts were approximately $19
million in 1993 compared to approximately $13 million in 1992 and approximately
$11 million in 1991. The costs of acquiring the new universal life business,
primarily commission, policy issue and underwriting expenses, are the primary
cause of the increase in deferred policy acquisition costs between 1992 and
1993. The profitability of this business is significantly dependent on
continuing periodic premium payments. Higher than expected lapse and mortality
rates will affect operating income in the period in which they occur.
    CalFarm Life continued its marketing program of tax sheltered annuity
products during 1993, specifically those designed for school teachers and
administrators. The Company's annuity products are designed to provide profits
from the investment spread earned on invested assets. The investment spread is
the amount by which the investment yield on invested assets exceeds the interest
credited to policyholders. During 1993, CalFarm Life continued to increase the
interest rate spreads, which improved current operating results. In addition,
CalFarm Life's ability to maximize profits on its annuity business is determined
by policy and premium persistency; the efficiency of operations; and the
limiting of its risks of defaults on its investment portfolio.
    CalFarm Life received deposits on fixed annuities of approximately $56
million in 1993, of which approximately $50 million were tax qualified compared
to approximately $83 million in 1992, of which approximately $75 million were
tax-qualified annuities and approximately $80 million in 1991, of which
approximately $72 million were tax-qualified annuities. These deposits were the
primary cause of the increase in investments and investment income between 1991,
1992 and 1993. The amount of deposits received in 1993 by CalFarm Life on
deferred annuity contracts was influenced by economic and tax uncertainties and
by competition in the market for such products. CalFarm Life's annuity products
are primarily sold to school teachers and recent budgetary actions with respect
to education, in addition to the weak California economy, may continue to impact
sales in the future. However, recent increases in personal rates of income tax
may increase the desire to accumulate retirement income on a tax deferred basis.
    CalFarm Life minimizes the effect of inflation and interest rate
fluctuations through the design of its interest sensitive life insurance and
annuity products. A significant

                                       12

<PAGE>
pricing component of these products includes an annual inflation rate adjustment
factor for administrative expenses. In addition, products with mortality risk
contain mortality and expense margins which can be used to offset negative
economic trends. Interest rate margins are reviewed continuously by management
and adjusted based on financial and economic conditions. Interest rates credited
to interest sensitive life insurance products are guaranteed for the first 12
months from the date of issue and interest rates credited to annuity products
are guaranteed for 12 month periods. Reduced investment yields on CalFarm Life's
investment portfolio (discussed under "Investments") did not materially affect
the profitability of its fixed deferred annuities and life insurance contracts
because of the Company's ability to manage the spread between the interest
earned on investments and the interest credited to policyholder funds, and
dividends to policyholders. Effective October 1, 1993, the guaranteed interest
rates were decreased on new business to 4% on Universal Life contracts and 3% on
Single Premium Whole Life and annuity contracts. CalFarm Life has the
flexibility to decrease credited interest rates, but not below the guaranteed
policy minimum interest rates that range from 3% to 6%. All products include
surrender charges to minimize any negative financial impact upon termination.
    The acceptability of CalFarm Life to its policyholders and agents is
influenced by among other things, the ratings given to it by rating agencies
such as A.M. Best Company and Weiss Research, Inc. One of the factors considered
in the rating process is adequacy of statutory capital and surplus in relation
to policyholder obligations. CalFarm Life's risk based capital percentage is
375% which is higher than the NAIC's guidelines.

REAL ESTATE
    Results of operations have not yet been impacted by Zenith's real estate
operation which commenced in the second quarter of 1993 through a newly formed
subsidiary. Approximately $7.2 million was expended through December 31, 1993 to
acquire and develop land in Las Vegas, Nevada for private residences. Management
anticipates that a total commitment of approximately $12 million will be made
toward such development before sales of these residences begin, possibly by the
end of the first quarter of 1994.

LIQUIDITY AND INFLATION
    Zenith's property-casualty insurance operations and health and life
insurance operations create liquidity because insurance premiums are generally
collected prior to disbursements for claims and benefits. These net cash flows,
as set forth on page 55 in the Consolidated Financial Statements, are invested
as described in "investments" above. Zenith plans to match the expected payout
pattern of its liabilities with a suitable maturity profile of its investment
portfolio. Net cash flows from operations were $56,599,000, $53,929,000 and
$68,966,000, for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Net cash flows from
operations in 1993 include the payment of approximately $16,000,000, net of
reinsurance, for Proposition 103 rollback refunds. Zenith maintains cash and
short-term investments which amounted to $285,401,000 and $160,554,000 at
December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. These balances, or "short-term
liquidity," are supplemented by lines of credit available to Zenith of up to
$50,000,000, of which $50,000,000 was available at December 31, 1993.
    Zenith's principal liquidity requirements in the long-term and the
short-term are the funds needed to pay its expenses, service its outstanding
debt, and pay any cash dividends which may be declared to its stockholders. To
meet these requirements, Zenith is principally dependent upon its lines of
credit and dividends from Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Life. In the opinion of
management, Zenith's sources of liquidity are sufficient to fund its short-term
and long-term requirements for liquidity. The insurance subsidiaries are subject
to California insurance regulations which restrict their ability to distribute
dividends. The California Insurance Code has been amended effective January 1,
1994 to revise the method of calculating the maximum dividends payable

                                       13

<PAGE>
by the subsidiaries without prior approval of the Department. Such dividend
capabilities are set forth in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Such restrictions have not had, and under current regulations are not expected
to have, a material adverse impact on Zenith. Zenith received dividends from its
subsidiaries amounting to $25,000,000 in 1993, $15,000,000 in 1992, and
$33,000,000 in 1991. Maximum dividend capability, without prior approval of the
Department, of Zenith's subsidiaries in 1994 is $46,893,000.
    Risk-based capital guidelines issued by the NAIC in 1993 for
property-casualty and life insurance companies are not expected to have any
material adverse consequences for Zenith's insurance subsidiaries.
    On May 4, 1992 Zenith completed its offering of 9% Senior Notes due 2002,
which were issued at par. The net proceeds of the offering were $73,787,000,
part of which were used to repay in full Zenith's previously outstanding bank
borrowings and to redeem Zenith's previously outstanding 10 1/4% Senior Notes
due 1994. The remainder of the proceeds have been used and are available for
working capital and other general corporate purposes, including repurchases of
common stock of Zenith. The premium to call the 10 1/4% Senior Notes and the
unamortized discount thereon reduced net income in 1992 by $1,355,000 after tax
($.07 per share).
    Workers' compensation insurers are required to have securities on deposit
for the protection of policyholders in accordance with regulations of the
California Department of Insurance. At December 31, 1993, investments carried at
$314,400,000 (market value of $313,700,000) were on deposit to comply with such
regulations.
    At December 31, 1993, Zenith was authorized to purchase up to 809,000
additional shares of Zenith common stock pursuant to its share repurchase
program. These purchases, which are made at prevailing market prices, are
discretionary and can be adequately funded from Zenith's existing sources of
liquidity.
    Inflation rates impact the financial statements and operating results in
several areas. Fluctuations in inflation rates impact the market value of the
investment portfolio and yields on new investments. Inflation also impacts the
portion of the loss reserves that relates to hospital and medical expenses and
property claims and loss adjustment expenses, but not the portion of loss
reserves that relates to workers' compensation indemnity payments for lost wages
due to statutorily defined fixed payments. Adjustments for inflationary impacts
are implicitly included as part of Zenith's subsidiaries' continuous review of
property-casualty reserve estimates. Actuarial account of increased costs is
considered in setting adequate rates, and this is particularly important in the
health insurance area where hospital and medical inflation rates have exceeded
general inflation rates. Workers' compensation premium income is determined
primarily by applying a rate to payrolls, and as inflation increases, average
wage rates are generally adjusted resulting in decreases in premium rates.
Operating expenses, including payrolls, are impacted to a certain degree by the
inflation rate.
    Social inflation affects the loss reserves for other property-casualty
liability claims for which settlements are determined in court proceedings.
    Inflation and fluctuations in interest rates
also impact our interest sensitive life insurance
products, however, policy provisions for termination charges act to partially
reduce such negative impact. See "Health and Life" above.

                                       14

<PAGE>

FIVE-YEAR RECORD

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31,                                                    Note         1993           1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>         <C>            <C>
Consolidated revenues                                                                  $ 585,782,000  $ 549,335,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property and Casualty underwriting
Net premiums earned                                                                      405,901,000    377,426,000
Underwriting income (loss)
  Before Proposition 103 rollback refund, dividends to policyholders and
    taxes                                                                      6          26,426,000    (17,667,000)
  Before Proposition 103 rollback refund and taxes                             6          11,251,000    (20,621,000)
  Before taxes                                                                 1          11,251,000    (36,699,000)
  After taxes, before Proposition 103 rollback refund                          6           7,287,000    (14,108,000)
  After taxes                                                                  5           7,287,000    (24,719,000)
    Per share                                                                                    .38          (1.31)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Health and Life
Premium income and other policy charges                                                   63,921,000     64,448,000
Investment income
  Before taxes                                                                            55,339,000     53,486,000
  After taxes                                                                             35,970,000     35,301,000
Tax rate on investment income                                                                  35.0%            34%
Income after taxes, before realized gains (losses)                             3           4,096,000      8,205,000
    Per share                                                                                    .21            .43
Realized gains (losses)
  Before taxes                                                                             7,050,000        910,000
  After taxes                                                                  8           8,836,000      2,149,000
    Per share                                                                                    .46            .11
Income (loss) after taxes                                                                 12,932,000     10,354,000
    Per share                                                                                    .67            .55
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investments, excluding Health and Life
Investment income
  Before taxes                                                                            37,135,000     43,128,000
  After taxes                                                                             25,475,000     31,402,000
  After taxes, net of interest expense                                         4          21,147,000     27,129,000
    Per share                                                                                   1.10           1.43
Tax rate on investment income                                                                  31.4%          27.2%
Average yield on investment income
  Before taxes                                                                                  5.1%           6.2%
  After taxes                                                                                   3.5%           4.5%
Realized gains (losses)
  Before taxes                                                                            13,995,000      9,937,000
  After taxes                                                                              9,096,000      8,698,000
    Per share                                                                                    .47            .46
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income after taxes, before realized gains (losses)                     4, 5, 6, 7, 9      33,682,000     19,100,000
Net income (loss)                                                        2, 4, 5, 7       53,200,000     28,700,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per common share
Net income (loss)                                                          2, 4, 5, 7           2.76           1.52
Cash dividends per share to common stockholders                                                 1.00           1.00
Weighted average common shares outstanding                                                19,297,000     18,918,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Condition
Total assets                                                                           1,857,790,000  1,703,553,000
Investments                                                                            1,500,397,000  1,375,096,000
Senior notes and bank debt                                                                73,989,000     73,868,000
Total stockholders' equity                                                               349,465,000    301,598,000
Stockholders' equity per share                                                                 18.55          16.03
Return on average equity                                                                       16.3%           9.7%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Insurance statistics (GAAP)
Property and Casualty
  Paid loss and loss expense ratio                                                             66.7%          70.4%
  Loss and loss expense ratio                                                                  67.8%          76.8%
  Underwriting expense ratio                                                                   25.7%          27.9%
  Policyholder dividends ratio                                                 6                3.7%           0.8%
  Combined ratio before Proposition 103 rollback refund                        6               97.2%         105.5%
  Combined ratio after Proposition 103 rollback refund                                         97.2%         109.7%
  Net premiums earned-to-surplus ratio                                                           1.5            1.5
  Loss and loss expense reserves-to-surplus ratio (net of reinsurance)                           1.7            1.8
Health and Life
  Life insurance in force, net of reinsurance                                          2,523,153,000  2,663,669,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
 (1) Excludes parent company operating expenses of $3,478,000, $3,222,000,
$3,236,000, $3,277,000 and $2,925,000 or $2,176,000, $2,126,000, $2,136,000,
$2,163,000, and $1,930,000, net of tax for 1993, 1992, 1991, 1990 and 1989,
respectively.

 (2) Debt redemption costs of $1,355,000, net of $698,000 of tax benefit, (or
$.07 per share) were recognized as an extraordinary item in 1992. The tax
benefit of $2,600,000 (or $.14 per share) associated with capital losses carried
forward was recognized as an extraordinary item in 1991.

 (3) Income is net of income taxes of $2,527,000, in 1993, $3,919,000 in 1992,
$3,600,000 in 1991, $3,199,000 in 1990 and $3,350,000 in 1989.

 (4) Includes holding company's interest expense of $6,658,000, in 1993,
$6,472,000 in 1992, $5,430,000 in 1991, $3,847,000 in 1990 and $3,377,000 in
1989.
</TABLE>
                                       15
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31,                                                      1991          1990           1989
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>            <C>            <C>
Consolidated revenues                                                   $ 546,308,000  $ 468,328,000  $ 483,886,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property and Casualty underwriting
Net premiums earned                                                       376,068,000    373,043,000    356,957,000
Underwriting income (loss)
  Before Proposition 103 rollback refund, dividends to policyholders and
    taxes                                                                    (295,000)    25,065,000     29,072,000
  Before Proposition 103 rollback refund and taxes                         (8,453,000)    (2,083,000)     4,987,000
  Before taxes                                                             (8,453,000)    (2,083,000)     4,987,000
  After taxes, before Proposition 103 rollback refund                      (3,915,000)       148,000      4,816,000
  After taxes                                                              (3,915,000)       148,000      4,816,000
    Per share                                                                    (.21)           .01            .23
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Health and Life
Premium income and other policy charges                                    61,556,000     57,848,000     56,259,000
Investment income
  Before taxes                                                             49,558,000     40,283,000     30,174,000
  After taxes                                                              32,708,000     26,587,000     19,915,000
Tax rate on investment income                                                     34%            34%            34%
Income after taxes, before realized gains (losses)                          6,913,000      6,198,000      6,454,000
    Per share                                                                     .36            .31            .31
Realized gains (losses)
  Before taxes                                                              2,162,000    (21,578,000)    (6,934,000)
  After taxes                                                               1,412,000    (21,409,000)    (4,875,000)
    Per share                                                                     .07          (1.09)          (.23)
Income (loss) after taxes                                                   8,325,000    (15,211,000)     1,579,000
    Per share                                                                     .44           (.77)           .08
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investments, excluding Health and Life
Investment income
  Before taxes                                                             46,127,000     49,693,000     47,728,000
  After taxes                                                              35,624,000     39,744,000     39,045,000
  After taxes, net of interest expense                                     32,040,000     37,205,000     36,816,000
    Per share                                                                    1.69           1.89           1.77
Tax rate on investment income                                                   22.8%          20.0%          18.2%
Average yield on investment income
  Before taxes                                                                   7.2%           8.0%           8.3%
  After taxes                                                                    5.6%           6.4%           6.8%
Realized gains (losses)
  Before taxes                                                             10,837,000    (30,961,000)      (298,000)
  After taxes                                                               8,987,000    (29,135,000)      (196,000)
    Per share                                                                     .47          (1.48)          (.01)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income after taxes, before realized gains (losses)                         32,902,000     41,388,000     46,156,000
Net income (loss)                                                          45,901,000     (9,156,000)    41,085,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per common share
Net income (loss)                                                                2.42           (.47)          1.98
Cash dividends per share to common stockholders                                  1.00            .90            .83
Weighted average common shares outstanding                                 18,981,000     19,685,000     20,785,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Condition
Total assets                                                            1,477,571,000  1,327,332,000  1,182,286,000
Investments                                                             1,201,826,000  1,063,073,000    938,365,000
Senior notes and bank debt                                                 49,799,000     53,642,000     26,692,000
Total stockholders' equity                                                281,234,000    241,295,000    298,868,000
Stockholders' equity per share                                                  14.93          12.62          14.74
Return on average equity                                                        17.3%          (3.3%)         13.7%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Insurance statistics (GAAP)
Property and Casualty
  Paid loss and loss expense ratio                                              63.9%          54.0%          51.6%
  Loss and loss expense ratio                                                   70.4%          64.1%          62.7%
  Underwriting expense ratio                                                    29.6%          29.2%          29.2%
  Policyholder dividends ratio                                                   2.2%           7.3%           6.7%
  Combined ratio before Proposition 103 rollback refund                        102.2%         100.6%          98.6%
  Combined ratio after Proposition 103 rollback refund                         102.2%         100.6%          98.6%
  Net premiums earned-to-surplus ratio                                            1.6            1.8            1.5
  Loss and loss expense reserves-to-surplus ratio (net of reinsurance)            1.8            2.0            1.6
Health and Life
  Life insurance in force, net of reinsurance                           2,438,036,000  2,233,081,000  2,115,700,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
 (5) After benefit for "fresh start" of $531,000 ($.03 per share) in 1991,
$1,803,000 ($.09 per share) in 1990 and $1,561,000 ($.08 per share) in 1989.

 (6) Excludes Proposition 103 rollback refund of $16,078,000, net of
reinsurance, before tax or $10,611,000 ($.56 per share) after tax in 1992.

 (7) Net income in 1992 includes increase of $10,719,000 for the cumulative
effect of adoption of SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. Income, after
taxes, before realized gains (losses) excludes such item.

 (8) Reflects tax benefit of $1,786,000 and $1,239,000 in 1993 and 1992,
respectively for utilization of capital losses carried forward in Zenith's
consolidated federal income tax return.

 (9) Excludes $1,586,000 or $0.08 per share for net effect of legal settlement
and CLIGA assessment in 1993.
</TABLE>
                                       16
<PAGE>
PROPERTY AND CASUALTY LOSS DEVELOPMENT

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

    The table that follows shows analysis of development of loss and loss
adjustment expense liabilities as originally estimated on a GAAP basis at
December 31 of each year presented.
The accounting policies used to estimate these liabilities are described in Note
1 to the consolidated financial statements. Amounts represent all
property-casualty operations including CalFarm Insurance losses since its
acquisition June 4, 1985. Statutory reserves are not materially different from
GAAP reserves presented in this table.

ANALYSIS OF LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE LIABILITY DEVELOPMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31,                                           1993           1992           1991          1990
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses(1)      $468,718,000   $464,149,000   $440,180,000   $415,645,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paid net of reinsurance (cumulative) as of:
  One year later                                                               176,815,000    177,071,000    153,914,000
  Two years later                                                                             283,706,000    256,176,000
  Three years later                                                                                          314,957,000
  Four years later
  Five years later
  Six years later
  Seven years later
  Eight years later
  Nine years later
  Ten years later
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liability net of reinsurance reestimated as of:
  One year later                                                        (2)    473,220,000    460,114,000    418,730,000
  Two years later                                                                             477,877,000    433,604,000
  Three years later                                                                                          445,074,000
  Four years later
  Five years later
  Six years later
  Seven years later
  Eight years later
  Nine years later
  Ten years later
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Favorable (deficient) development                                              $ 9,071,000   $(37,697,000 )  $(29,429,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The analysis above presents the development of Zenith's balance sheet
liabilities for 1983 through 1993. The first line shows the liability for loss
and loss adjustment expense as estimated at the end of each calendar year. The
first section shows the actual payments of losses and expenses that relate to
each year end liability as they are paid during subsequent annual periods. The
second section includes revised estimates of unpaid amounts as well as the
payments. The final line shows the favorable or deficient developments of the
original estimates through 1993. Since conditions and trends that have affected
loss and loss adjustment expense development in the past may not occur in the
future in exactly the same manner, if at all, future results may not be reliably
predicted by extrapolation of the data presented.

(1) Net of receivable from reinsurers on unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses of $44,552,000 in 1993 and $32,701,000 in 1992.

(2) Net of re-estimated receivable from reinsurers of $55,055,000.

                                       17
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31,                   1989         1988          1987         1986         1985         1984         1983
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Liability for unpaid loss and loss
  adjustment expenses(1)               $377,891,000 $337,979,000 $286,844,000 $217,161,000 $153,483,000 $113,567,000  $89,526,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paid net of reinsurance (cumulative) as of:
  One year later                        121,051,000  108,423,000   98,802,000   83,511,000   70,725,000   50,376,000   37,032,000
  Two years later                       196,578,000  169,332,000  152,609,000  128,998,000  107,104,000   82,783,000   61,902,000
  Three years later                     250,078,000  206,412,000  182,843,000  156,705,000  127,532,000   98,991,000   76,073,000
  Four years later                      281,409,000  235,720,000  200,753,000  172,261,000  139,188,000  107,850,000   83,194,000
  Five years later                                   254,062,000  218,712,000  181,708,000  146,031,000  114,529,000   88,053,000
  Six years later                                                 230,337,000  193,759,000  150,892,000  118,206,000   91,979,000
  Seven years later                                                            201,313,000  154,879,000  121,377,000   94,110,000
  Eight years later                                                                         158,339,000  123,546,000   95,967,000
  Nine years later                                                                                       126,046,000   97,498,000
  Ten years later                                                                                                      99,246,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liability net of reinsurance reestimated
  as of:
  One year later                        372,542,000  331,770,000  286,389,000  213,884,000  154,027,000  126,553,000   92,847,000
  Two year later                        362,718,000  322,632,000  282,865,000  219,691,000  156,736,000  125,900,000   99,197,000
  Three year later                      365,901,000  318,052,000  281,937,000  221,401,000  160,791,000  124,876,000   99,886,000
  Four year later                       372,429,000  315,548,000  278,664,000  222,532,000  164,164,000  127,532,000   98,674,000
  Five year later                                    318,506,000  273,723,000  222,122,000  164,090,000  129,793,000  100,268,000
  Six year later                                                  274,248,000  223,622,000  164,685,000  129,714,000  101,700,000
  Seven year later                                                             226,059,000  166,594,000  129,956,000  101,676,000
  Eight year later                                                                          169,008,000  131,289,000  102,058,000
  Nine year later                                                                                        133,723,000  103,230,000
  Ten year later                                                                                                      105,185,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Favorable (deficient) development       $ 5,462,000  $19,473,000  $12,596,000  $(8,898,000)$(15,525,000)$(20,156,000)$(15,659,000)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                                                            Note          1993            1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>        <C>             <C>
Assets
Investments
 Fixed maturities:
  At amortized cost (fair value $438,705,000, 1993, $1,063,235,000, 1992)                        $  401,337,000  $1,031,128,000
  At fair value (cost $687,075,000, 1993, $58,296,000, 1992)                                        705,682,000      58,307,000
 Floating rate preferred stocks, at fair value (cost $30,582,000, 1993 and
 $34,743,000, 1992)                                                                                  31,495,000      32,923,000
 Convertible and non-redeemable preferred stocks, at fair value (cost $11,545,000,
 1993
  and $14,096,000, 1992)                                                                             11,246,000      14,336,000
 Common stocks, at fair value (cost $14,485,000, 1993 and $28,755,000, 1992)                         15,575,000      29,656,000
 Mortgage loans on real estate                                                                        4,515,000       4,960,000
 Policy loans                                                                                        39,609,000      34,308,000
 Short-term investments (at cost, which approximates market)                                        276,841,000     158,698,000
 Other investments                                                                                   14,097,000      10,780,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total investments                                                                     1, 2      1,500,397,000   1,375,096,000
Cash                                                                                                  8,560,000       1,856,000
Accrued investment income                                                                            21,635,000      22,490,000
Premiums receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $887,000, 1993
  and $400,000, 1992                                                                                 59,188,000      58,381,000
Premium notes receivable, collateralized by letters of credit                                         1,647,000       1,858,000
Receivable from reinsurers and prepaid reinsurance premiums                                          57,426,000      47,189,000
Earned but unbilled premiums receivable                                                               4,586,000       6,880,000
Deferred policy acquisition costs                                                                   108,416,000      91,019,000
Properties and equipment, less accumulated depreciation                                   3          47,042,000      48,443,000
Federal income taxes                                                                      7                           6,987,000
Purchased intangibles and other assets                                                    1          23,216,000      24,382,000
Excess of cost over net assets acquired                                                   1           2,009,000       2,009,000
Other assets                                                                                         23,668,000      16,963,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                                                                     $1,857,790,000  $1,703,553,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

                                       19
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31,                                                                            Note          1993            1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>        <C>             <C>
Liabilities
Policy liabilities and accruals
  Unpaid losses and loss expenses                                                                $  513,270,000  $  496,850,000
  Future policy benefits for life insurance contracts                                     4         154,501,000     138,686,000
  Deposits on deferred annuity contracts                                                            545,956,000     485,096,000
  Policy and contract claims                                                                          5,934,000       7,041,000
  Unearned premiums                                                                                 111,896,000     101,799,000
Policyholders' dividends accrued and accumulated                                                     30,378,000      28,304,000
Other policyholder funds                                                                             16,857,000      14,401,000
Reserves on loss portfolio transfers                                                                 11,119,000      12,792,000
Senior notes payable, less unamortized issue costs
  of $1,011,000, 1993 and $1,132,000, 1992                                                6          73,989,000      73,868,000
Federal income taxes                                                                      7          14,255,000
Special policyholders' dividend--Proposition 103 rollback refund                          9                          18,111,000
Other liabilities                                                                                    30,170,000      25,007,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities                                                                                 1,508,325,000   1,401,955,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commitments and contingent liabilities                                                    9
Stockholders' equity
Preferred stock, $1 par--shares authorized 1,000,000; issued and outstanding,
  none in 1993 and 1992
Common stock, $1 par--shares authorized 50,000,000; issued 23,910,000, outstanding
  18,841,000, 1993; issued 23,562,000, outstanding 18,813,000, 1992                      10          23,910,000      23,562,000
Additional paid-in capital                                                                          249,092,000     242,226,000
Retained earnings                                                                                   148,043,000     113,867,000
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, net of $7,093,000
  deferred taxes in 1993                                                                1, 2         13,176,000        (668,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                    434,221,000     378,987,000
Less treasury stock at cost (5,069,000 shares, 1993 and 4,749,000 shares, 1992)          10         (84,756,000)    (77,389,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                                                          349,465,000     301,598,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                                       $1,857,790,000  $1,703,553,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31,                                               Note         1993          1992          1991
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
Consolidated revenues:
Property and casualty premium income                                    8      $405,901,000  $377,426,000  $376,068,000
Health and life premium income and other policy charges                          63,921,000    64,448,000    61,556,000
Net investment income                                                   2        92,474,000    96,614,000    95,685,000
Realized gains on investments                                           2        21,045,000    10,847,000    12,999,000
Other income, net                                                       9         2,441,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues                                                                  585,782,000   549,335,000   546,308,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Expenses:
Property and casualty losses and loss expenses incurred                 8       275,208,000   289,732,000   264,851,000
Health and life benefits and other policy credits                                84,448,000    85,493,000    79,924,000
Policy acquisition costs                                                         73,942,000    71,787,000    76,183,000
Other underwriting and operating expenses                                        55,152,000    55,200,000    57,287,000
Policyholders' dividends and participation                                       16,895,000     4,867,000    10,113,000
Special policyholders' dividend--Proposition 103 rollback refund        9                      16,078,000
Interest expense                                                      5, 6        6,658,000     6,472,000     5,430,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total expenses                                                                  512,303,000   529,629,000   493,788,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from operations before federal income taxes,
  extraordinary items and cumulative effect of accounting change                 73,479,000    19,706,000    52,520,000
Federal income taxes                                                    7        20,279,000       370,000     9,219,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
  accounting change                                                              53,200,000    19,336,000    43,301,000
Extraordinary item--debt retirement cost,
  net of tax benefit of $698,000                                        6                      (1,355,000)
Extraordinary item--tax benefit associated with utilization
  of capital losses carried forward                                     7                                     2,600,000
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes            1, 7                     10,719,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                                     $ 53,200,000  $ 28,700,000  $ 45,901,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per share:
Net income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect
  of accounting change                                                         $       2.76  $       1.02  $       2.28
Extraordinary items                                                                                  (.07)          .14
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes                                            .57
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income per common share                                            11      $       2.76  $       1.52  $       2.42
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

                                       21
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31,                                                   1993           1992            1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Premiums collected                                                  $ 492,758,000  $ 459,247,000   $ 461,330,000
  Deposits on universal life type contracts                              21,142,000     14,761,000      12,084,000
  Investment income received                                             95,324,000     98,192,000      94,692,000
  Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                             (270,854,000)  (266,345,000)   (244,799,000)
  Health claims paid                                                    (31,305,000)   (33,597,000)    (31,996,000)
  Death and surrender benefits paid                                     (11,659,000)   (11,655,000)    (10,588,000)
  Underwriting and other operating expenses paid                       (131,082,000)  (130,458,000)   (132,837,000)
  Real estate construction costs paid                                    (7,285,000)
  Reinsurance premiums paid                                             (21,429,000)   (22,797,000)    (22,765,000)
  Dividends paid to policyholders                                       (14,720,000)   (10,307,000)    (19,008,000)
  Special policyholders' dividend--Proposition 103 rollback refund      (18,447,000)
  Interest paid                                                          (6,914,000)    (6,073,000)     (5,128,000)
  Interest on deferred annuity contracts                                (33,752,000)   (33,593,000)    (29,014,000)
  Income taxes paid                                                      (5,178,000)    (3,446,000)     (3,005,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from operating activities                                 56,599,000     53,929,000      68,966,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of invested assets                                         (620,044,000)  (638,854,000) (1,009,210,000)
  Proceeds from sales of invested assets                                651,907,000    479,080,000     842,752,000
  Capital expenditures                                                   (3,568,000)    (4,168,000)     (3,347,000)
  Cash received under portfolio transfers                                                7,628,000         174,000
  Losses and adjustment expenses paid under portfolio transfers          (1,656,000)    (2,187,000)     (3,267,000)
  Net change in short-term investments                                 (116,953,000)     6,683,000      57,756,000
  Other -- principally cash received (advanced) through notes
    receivable                                                            2,309,000        128,000      (2,910,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from investing activities                                (88,005,000)  (151,690,000)   (118,052,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Cash received from bank line of credit                                  1,000,000      6,350,000      32,300,000
  Cash paid on bank line of credit                                       (1,000,000)   (40,150,000)    (36,600,000)
  Cash dividends paid to common stockholders                            (19,018,000)   (18,927,000)    (19,012,000)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                 6,261,000      4,526,000         599,000
  Deposits on deferred annuity contracts                                 56,764,000     83,600,000      80,203,000
  Acquisition costs of deferred annuity contracts, deferred              (5,925,000)    (9,104,000)     (9,104,000)
  Annuitization and return of policyholders' balances on deferred
    annuity contracts                                                   (26,357,000)   (20,279,000)    (18,280,000)
  Retirement of Senior Notes payable 1994                                              (17,740,000)
  Net proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes payable 2002                               73,787,000
  Interest on deferred annuity contracts                                 33,752,000     33,593,000      29,014,000
  Purchase of treasury shares                                            (7,367,000)    (5,686,000)     (4,954,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from financing activities                                 38,110,000     89,970,000      54,166,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash                                           6,704,000     (7,791,000)      5,080,000
Cash at beginning of year                                                 1,856,000      9,647,000       4,567,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash at end of year                                                   $   8,560,000  $   1,856,000   $   9,647,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reconciliation of net income to net cash flows from operating
  activities:
Net income                                                            $  53,200,000  $  28,700,000   $  45,901,000
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating
  activities:
  Depreciation                                                            4,978,000      4,855,000       4,832,000
  Amortization of intangibles and costs on notes payable                  1,286,000      2,969,000       1,575,000
  Net amortization of bonds and preferred stocks                          1,683,000      1,885,000         269,000
  Realized gains on investments                                         (21,045,000)   (10,847,000)    (12,999,000)
  Decrease (increase) in:
    Accrued investment income                                               855,000       (542,000)     (1,484,000)
    Premiums receivable                                                   1,698,000      3,634,000       5,340,000
    Receivable from reinsurers                                          (10,237,000)   (41,384,000)     (4,301,000)
    Deferred policy acquisition costs                                   (11,472,000)    (5,305,000)     (3,602,000)
  Increase (decrease) in:
    Unpaid losses and loss expenses                                      16,420,000     56,670,000      24,535,000
    Future policy benefits for life insurance contracts                  15,815,000     12,917,000       9,637,000
    Policy and contract claims                                           (1,107,000)      (168,000)       (150,000)
    Unearned premiums                                                    10,097,000      6,220,000       5,116,000
    Policyholders' dividends accrued and accumulated                    (16,037,000)    13,349,000      (9,113,000)
    Other policyholder funds                                              2,456,000       (176,000)      2,234,000
    Federal income taxes                                                 15,101,000    (14,493,000)      3,614,000
    Other                                                                (7,092,000)    (4,355,000)     (2,438,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from operating activities                              $  56,599,000  $  53,929,000   $  68,966,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

                                       22
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>aa
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                  Preferred       Common
Three years ended December 31, 1993                                                    Note      stock $1 par  stock $1 par
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance at December 31, 1990                                                                                    $23,215,000
Net income for 1991
Net unrealized appreciation on investments in equity securities                              2
Exercise of 44,000 stock options                                                            10                      44,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1991
Purchase of 336,000 treasury shares at cost
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per share,
  paid quarterly)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1991                                                                                    23,259,000
Net income for 1992
Net unrealized appreciation on investments                                                   2
Exercise of 303,000 stock options                                                           10                     303,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1992
Purchase of 323,000 treasury shares at cost
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per share,
  paid quarterly)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1992                                                                                    23,562,000
Net income for 1993
Net unrealized appreciation on investments, net of deferred taxes of $543,000              1,2
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for investments, net of deferred taxes
  of $6,550,000                                                                              1
Exercise of 348,000 stock options                                                           10                     348,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1993
Purchase of 320,000 treasury shares at cost
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per share,
  paid quarterly)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993                                                                                    $23,910,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

                                       23
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               Additional                  Net unrealized appreciation
                                                paid-in       Retained         (depreciation) on          Treasury
Three years ended December 31, 1993             capital       earnings            investments               stock       Total
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>                       <C>             <C>
Balance at December 31, 1990                 $237,095,000   $  77,128,000  $  (29,394,000)           $  (66,749,000) $ 241,295,000

Net income for 1991                                            45,901,000                                               45,901,000
Net unrealized appreciation on investments in
  equity securities                                                            17,321,000                               17,321,000
Exercise of 44,000 stock options                  555,000                                                                  599,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1991           48,000                                                                   48,000
Purchase of 336,000 treasury shares at cost                                                              (4,954,000)    (4,954,000)
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders
  ($1.00 per share, paid quarterly)                            (18,976,000)                                            (18,976,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1991                  237,698,000      104,053,000     (12,073,000)             (71,703,000)   281,234,000
Net income for 1992                                             28,700,000                                              28,700,000
Net unrealized appreciation on investments                                      11,405,000                              11,405,000
Exercise of 303,000 stock options               4,223,000                                                                4,526,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1992          305,000                                                                  305,000
Purchase of 323,000 treasury shares at cost                                                              (5,686,000)    (5,686,000)
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders
  ($1.00 per share, paid quarterly)                            (18,886,000)                                            (18,886,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1992                  242,226,000      113,867,000        (668,000)             (77,389,000)   301,598,000
Net income for 1993                                             53,200,000                                              53,200,000
Net unrealized appreciation on investments, net
  of deferred taxes of $543,000                                                  1,681,000                               1,681,000
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for
  investments, net of deferred taxes of
  $6,550,000                                                                    12,163,000                              12,163,000
Exercise of 348,000 stock options               5,913,000                                                                6,261,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1993          953,000                                                                  953,000
Purchase of 320,000 treasury shares at cost                                                              (7,367,000)    (7,367,000)
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders
  ($1.00) per share, paid quarterly)                           (19,024,000)                                            (19,024,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993                 $249,092,000    $ 148,043,000  $   13,176,000           $  (84,756,000) $ 349,465,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       24
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

NOTE 1--SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES,
OPERATIONS AND PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
    Zenith National Insurance Corp. ("Zenith") is engaged through its wholly-
owned insurance subsidiaries, Zenith Insurance Company ("Zenith Insurance"),
CalFarm Insurance Company ("CalFarm Insurance"), ZNAT Insurance Company
("ZNAT"), and CalFarm Life Insurance Company ("CalFarm Life"), in the business
of writing workers' compensation insurance primarily in California; reinsurance;
annuities; health and life insurance coverages; and auto, homeowners, farmowners
and other coverages primarily in the rural areas of California. Zenith also
conducts real estate operations, developing private residences for sale in Las
Vegas, Nevada, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Perma-Bilt, a Nevada
Corporation ("Perma-Bilt").
    The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and include Zenith and its subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.

FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, Disclosures about Fair
Value of Financial Instruments ("SFAS No. 107"), requires disclosure of fair
value information about most financial instruments, both on and off the balance
sheet, if it is practicable to estimate. SFAS No. 107 excludes certain financial
instruments, such as certain insurance contracts, and all non-financial
instruments from its disclosure requirements. A financial instrument is defined
as a contractual obligation that ultimately ends with the delivery of cash or an
ownership interest in an entity. Disclosures, included in these notes, regarding
the fair value of financial instruments have been derived using external market
sources, estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.

INVESTMENTS AND CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE
    At December 31, 1993 Zenith adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities ("SFAS No. 115"); prior periods have not been restated. SFAS No. 115
requires investments in debt and equity securities to be identified to three
categories as follows: Held-to-maturity -- those securities, which by their
terms must be redeemed by the issuing company, that the enterprise has the
positive intent and ability to hold to maturity, are reported at amortized cost.
Trading
securities -- those securities that are held principally for the purpose of
selling them in the near term and are reported at fair value with unrealized
gains and losses included in earnings. Available-for-sale -- those securities
not classified as either held-to-maturity or trading securities and are reported
at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and
reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity. The cumulative effect
of such adoption has been reported separately in the consolidated statement of
stockholders' equity and was insignificant to the consolidated statement of
operations.
    Prior to the implementation of SFAS No. 115, and since September 1992,
investments in fixed maturities which might, under certain circumstances, be
sold prior to their dates of maturity were classified as investments "held for
sale" and such portfolio was recorded at the lower of cost or market value.
Unrealized losses, net of deferred taxes, on such investments, if any, were
recorded as a charge directly to stockholders' equity. In addition, Zenith
identified certain investments in fixed maturities held for trading purposes.
Such investments were recorded at market value and unrealized gains or losses on
such investments, net of deferred taxes, were credited or charged directly to
stockholders' equity.

                                       25
<PAGE>
    Mortgage loans on real estate are carried at amortized cost. Policy loans
and other investments are stated at cost. Although the policy loans generally
have no stated maturity, the majority of these loans have interest rates that
fluctuate directly with credited interest rates on related deferred annuity
contracts and, accordingly, the carrying value approximates fair value.
    When, in the opinion of management, a decline in market value of investments
is considered to be "other than temporary," such investments are written down to
their net realizable value. The determination of "other than temporary"
includes, in addition to consideration of other relevant factors, a presumption
that if the market value is below cost, by a significant amount for a period of
time, a writedown is necessary.
    The market value of investments was supplied by the Merrill Lynch pricing
service, with the exception of 50 items whose values were obtained from other
brokers making a market in the investment, the Bloomberg and Quotron financial
news services, and analytical pricing methods for issues for which there is no
market. These market values are considered fair value.
    The cost of securities sold is determined by the "identified certificate"
method. Short-term investments include, certificates of deposit, commercial
paper and U.S. Treasury securities with maturities of less than one year at the
time of purchase. For these short-term investments, the carrying amount is a
reasonable estimate of fair value.

FEDERAL INCOME TAXES AND CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE
    The federal income tax provision for 1993 and 1992 was prepared in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting
for Income Taxes ("SFAS No. 109"), adopted in 1992 effective from the beginning
of 1992 and prior periods have not been restated. The cumulative effect of such
adoption was $10,719,000 in 1992 and is reported in the consolidated statement
of operations. This standard replaced the deferred method of accounting for
deferred income taxes with the liability method, in which deferred assets and
liabilities are established for temporary differences between the financial
statement values of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. The effects of
temporary differences are set forth in Note 7.

RECOGNITION OF PROPERTY AND CASUALTY REVENUE AND EXPENSE
    Property and casualty premiums are earned on a pro rata basis over the terms
of the policies. Premiums applicable to the unexpired terms of policies in force
are recorded as unearned premiums. Premiums earned reflect an estimate for
earned but unbilled audit premiums. Workers' compensation insurance premiums are
based upon the payroll of the insured.
    An estimated provision for workers' compensation policyholders' dividends is
accrued as the related premiums are earned. Such dividends do not become a fixed
liability unless and until declared by the Board of Directors.
    Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Insurance make provision for the settlement of
all incurred claims, both reported and unreported. The liabilities for unpaid
losses and loss expenses are estimates for the eventual costs of claims incurred
but not settled, less estimates of salvage and subrogation. Estimates for
reported claims are primarily determined by evaluation of individual reported
claims. Estimates for claims incurred but not reported are based on Zenith
Insurance's and CalFarm Insurance's experience with respect to the probable
number and nature of such claims. The methods for making such estimates and for
establishing the resulting liabilities are continually reviewed and updated and
any adjustments resulting therefrom are reflected in earnings currently.

RECOGNITION OF REVENUE AND BENEFITS FOR DEFERRED ANNUITY CONTRACTS
    Revenues earned from deferred annuity contracts represent amounts assessed
against contract balances during the period, principally for surrenders.
    Deposits on deferred annuities represent the amounts received plus credited
interest, less applicable administrative fees. Interest credited rates ranged
from 3.25% to 8.25% in 1993 except for indexed deferred annuity contracts where
rates ranged from 4.5% to 5.5% in 1993.
    The fair value of Zenith's liabilities for deposits on deferred annuity
contracts is based on amounts received plus credited interest rates adjusted on
the contract anniversary date to current market rates for these instruments,
less applicable fees, which approximates the carrying amount reported in the
consolidated balance sheet.

                                       26
<PAGE>
RECOGNITION OF REVENUE AND BENEFITS FOR UNIVERSAL LIFE, SINGLE PREMIUM LIFE, AND
OTHER INTEREST-SENSITIVE LIFE CONTRACTS
    Revenues from universal life, single premium life, and other
interest-sensitive life contracts represent amounts assessed against policy
account balances during the period for mortality charges, surrender charges and
policy administration charges earned.
    Future policy benefits for universal life, single premium life and other
interest-sensitive life contracts represent policyholder account balances
consisting of the premiums received plus credited interest, less policyholder
assessments. Amounts included in expense represent benefits in excess of
policyholder account balances. Interest credited rates ranged from 3.75% to 7.0%
in 1993.

RECOGNITION OF REVENUE AND RELATED BENEFITS AND EXPENSES FOR TRADITIONAL LIFE
CONTRACTS AND HEALTH CONTRACTS
    Revenues from traditional life insurance contracts represent premiums which
are recognized as income when due. Health insurance premiums are recognized as
income over the related contract period.
    Benefits and expenses are associated with earned premiums so as to result in
recognition of profits over the life of the contracts. This association is
accomplished through the provision for future policy benefits and the deferral
and amortization of policy acquisition costs for traditional life contracts and
through the policy and contract liability for health contracts.
    Future policy benefits for traditional life contracts have been computed
using primarily the net level premium reserve method based upon estimated future
investment yield, mortality, morbidity and withdrawals.

REINSURANCE
    In accordance with general industry practices, Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries annually purchase reinsurance to protect against liabilities in
excess of certain limits on insurance risks they have underwritten. Such
arrangements are known, in the industry, as "excess of loss" protection. The
purpose of such reinsurance is to protect Zenith from the impact of large,
unforseen losses and such reinsurance reduces the magnitude of sudden and
unpredictable changes in net income and the capitalization of insurance
operations.
    The ceding of reinsurance does not discharge the original insurer from
primary liability to its policyholder. Balances due from reinsurers on unpaid
losses, including an estimate of such recoverables related to revenues for
incurred but not reported losses are reported as assets and are included in
receivable from reinsurers. Earned premiums are stated in the consolidated
financial statements after deduction of amounts ceded to reinsurers.
Approximately 61% of amounts recoverable from reinsurers at December 31, 1993
are attributable to reinsurance arrangements with one large United States
reinsurance company. No amounts due from reinsurers have been written off as
uncollectible in the three years ended December 31, 1993.

DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS
    Property and Casualty Insurance -- Policy acquisition costs, consisting of
commissions, premium taxes and certain other underwriting costs, are deferred
and amortized as the related premiums are earned.
    Life Insurance -- The costs of acquiring new business, principally
commission and certain policy issuance and underwriting expenses, have been
deferred to the extent that such costs are recoverable from future revenues.
Costs deferred on deferred annuities, universal life, single premium life and
other interest-sensitive contracts are amortized in relationship to the present
value of expected future gross profits. Costs deferred on traditional life
policies are amortized over the premium paying period of the contracts in
proportion to future anticipated premiums. The assumptions underlying this
amortization schedule are continually reviewed and updated and any adjustments
resulting therefrom are reflected in earnings currently.

REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS
    Land and land development costs, including costs of acquisition and
development, property taxes and related interest are capitalized and recognized
pro rata against sales of completed units.

                                       27
<PAGE>
PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT
    Properties and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is calculated principally on a straight-line basis using the
following useful lives: buildings, 10 to 40 years; furniture, fixture and
equipment, 3 to 10 years.
    Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as
incurred. Additions and improvements to buildings and other fixed assets are
capitalized and depreciated. Upon disposition, the asset cost and related
depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is
included in income.
PURCHASED INTANGIBLES AND OTHER ASSETS
    Purchased intangibles and other assets represent the total amount of the
cost in excess of net tangible assets acquired through the CalFarm acquisition.
This amount has been assigned to various intangibles and other amortizable
assets and the assigned values are being amortized actuarially, or on a
straight-line basis over 25 years. Amortization expense for 1993, 1992 and 1991
was $1,166,000, $1,147,000, and $1,118,000, respectively, and accumulated
amortization was $12,318,000 at December 31, 1993 and $11,152,000 at December
31, 1992.

EXCESS OF COST OVER NET ASSETS ACQUIRED
    The excess of cost over net assets acquired of $2,009,000 represents the
unamortized excess of cost over underlying net tangible assets of companies
acquired prior to 1970, which is considered to have continuing value, and is not
being amortized.
RECLASSIFICATIONS
    Certain 1992 and 1991 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1993
presentation.

NOTE 2--INVESTMENTS
    The amortized cost and fair values of investments held-to-maturity,
available-for-sale and trading securities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in                        Gross        Gross
thousands)          Amortized   unrealized   unrealized     Fair
December 31, 1993      cost         gains      (losses)     value
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Held-to-maturity
U.S. Treasury
  securities         $     248    $       7                $     255
Corporate debt
  securities           340,931       36,532    $    (347)    377,116
Mortgage backed
  securities            60,158        1,176                   61,334
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total, held-
      to-maturity    $ 401,337    $  37,715    $    (347)  $ 438,705
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in                         Gross        Gross
thousands)          Amortized   unrealized   unrealized     Fair
December 31, 1993      cost         gains      (losses)     value
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Available-for-sale
U.S. Treasury
  securities         $ 215,945    $     444    $    (509)  $ 215,880
Foreign government
  debt securities        5,612           79                    5,691
Corporate debt
  securities           262,003       19,287         (894)    280,396
Mortgage backed
  securities            58,446          598           (8)     59,036
Redeemable
  preferred stocks      33,217          753         (995)     32,975
Equity securities       48,827        1,861         (347)     50,341
Short-term
  investments          276,841                               276,841
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total,
      available-
      for-sale       $ 900,891    $  23,022    $  (2,753)  $ 921,160
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Trading securities
U.S. Treasury
  securities         $ 107,747    $      27    $    (140)  $ 107,634
Corporate debt
  securities             4,105           57          (92)      4,070
Equity securities        7,785          228          (38)      7,975
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total, trading
      securities     $ 119,637    $     312    $    (270)  $ 119,679
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Fixed maturity investments at December 31, 1993, are due as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)           Amortized      Fair
December 31, 1993                  cost        value
- -------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>
Held-to-maturity:
  Due in one year or less        $   8,495   $    8,977
  Due after one year through
    five years                      78,499       85,879
  Due after five years through
    ten years                      151,725      164,829
  Due after ten years              162,618      179,020
- -------------------------------------------------------
    Total                        $ 401,337   $  438,705
- -------------------------------------------------------
Available-for-sale:
  Due in one year or less        $ 368,538   $  368,994
  Due after one year through
    five years                     286,188      290,121
  Due after five years through
    ten years                      112,205      118,641
  Due after ten years               85,133       93,063
- -------------------------------------------------------
    Total                        $ 852,064   $  870,819
- -------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because
borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call
or prepayment penalties. Mortgage-backed securities are shown as being due at
their average expected maturity dates. Redeemable preferred stocks with sinking
fund redemption periods are shown as being due at the mid-point of the sinking
fund period.

                                       28
<PAGE>
    The amortized cost and market values of investments in fixed maturities and
short-term investments were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in
thousands)                    Gross        Gross
December 31,    Amortized  unrealized   unrealized    Market
1992              cost        gains      (losses)      value
- ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>             <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S.
  Treasury
  securities and
  obligations
  of U.S.
  government
  corporations
  and agencies:
  Held for
    investment  $ 256,927   $   2,570    $    (501)  $ 258,996
  Held for sale    71,601       1,908           (6)     73,503
  Trading
   portfolio       55,374          94         (105)     55,363
  Short-term
 investments       19,977                               19,977
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Total       $ 403,879   $   4,572    $    (612)  $ 407,839
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Obligations of
  states and
  political
  subdivisions:
  Held for
    investment  $   1,339                            $   1,339
Corporate
  securities:
  Held for
    investment  $ 654,497   $  31,506    $  (2,743)  $ 683,260
  Held for sale    46,764       1,099       (1,726)     46,137
  Trading
    portfolio       2,922          22                    2,944
  Short-term
    investments   138,721                              138,721
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Total       $ 842,904   $  32,627    $  (4,469)  $ 871,062
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Total:
  Held for
    investment  $ 912,763   $  34,076    $  (3,244)  $ 943,595
  Held for sale   118,365       3,007       (1,732)    119,640
  Trading
    portfolio      58,296         116         (105)     58,307
  Short-term
    investments   158,698                              158,698
- --------------------------------------------------------------
    Total      $1,248,122   $  37,199    $  (5,081) $1,280,240
- --------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Proceeds from sales of fixed maturities were $377,021,000, $290,326,000 and
$754,548,000 during 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Gross gains of
$14,189,000 and gross losses of $588,000 were realized on such sales in 1993.
Gross gains of $11,949,000 and gross losses of $2,142,000 were realized on such
sales in 1992. Gross gains of $17,221,000 and gross losses of $4,258,000 were
realized on such sales in 1991.

    Gross unrealized appreciation and gross
unrealized depreciation were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
December 31,                           1993       1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>        <C>
Fixed maturities
  Unrealized appreciation            $  21,161  $     116
  Unrealized (depreciation)             (2,406)      (105)
- ---------------------------------------------------------
Net unrealized appreciation          $  18,755  $      11
- ---------------------------------------------------------
Equity securities
  Unrealized appreciation            $   1,861  $   3,320
  Unrealized (depreciation)               (347)    (3,999)
- ---------------------------------------------------------
Net unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation)                     $   1,514  $    (679)
- ---------------------------------------------------------
  Total                              $  20,269  $    (668)
- ---------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Net realized gains (losses) on investments and net unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) on total investments before taxes are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)         Fixed       Equity
Year Ended December 31,     maturities   securities      Total
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>          <C>          <C>
1993
Net realized investment
  gains:
  Held for investment        $   5,107
  Held for sale                  6,347
  Trading portfolio              2,147
                            -----------
Total net realized
  investment gains              13,601    $   7,444    $  21,045
Net unrealized
  appreciation
  (depreciation) during
  the year:
  Held for investment            6,536
  Held for sale                 17,480
  Trading portfolio               (159)
                            -----------
Total net unrealized
  appreciation during
  the year                      23,857        2,383       26,240
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                      $  37,458    $   9,827    $  47,285
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
1992
Net realized investment
  gains (losses):
  Held for investment        $   8,488
  Held for sale                   (111)
  Short-term investments
                                   162
                            -----------
Total net realized
  investment gains               8,539    $   2,308    $  10,847
Net unrealized
  appreciation
  (depreciation) during
  the year:
  Held for investment            4,071
  Held for sale                   (940)
  Trading portfolio                 11
                            -----------
Total net unrealized
  appreciation during
  the year                       3,142       11,394       14,536
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                      $  11,681    $  13,702    $  25,383
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
1991
Net realized investment
  gains                      $   9,812    $   3,187    $  12,999
Net unrealized
  appreciation during
  the year                      78,250       17,321       95,571
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                      $  88,062    $  20,508    $ 108,570
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       29
<PAGE>
    Investment income is summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
Year ended December 31,       1993         1992         1991
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Fixed maturities
  Bonds                     $  79,384    $  78,197    $  68,462
  Redeemable
    preferred stocks            3,205        6,382       10,515
Equity securities
  Floating rate
    preferred stocks            2,181        2,972        4,183
  Convertible and
    nonredeemable
    preferred stocks              715        1,155        1,058
  Common stocks                   325          486          680
Mortgage loans on
  real estate                     572          980          973
Policy loans                    2,562        2,129        1,733
Short-term investments          6,775        5,023        8,445
Notes receivable                  101          195          425
Other                           1,454        3,163        3,238
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                               97,274      100,682       99,712
Less investment expenses        4,800        4,068        4,027
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Net investment income       $  92,474    $  96,614    $  95,685
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Investments carried at $314,400,000 at December 31, 1993 and $302,400,000 at
December 31, 1992 (market value $313,700,000 and $304,800,000, respectively) are
on deposit with regulatory authorities in compliance with insurance company
regulations.
    Zenith maintains a diversified investment portfolio as described in
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. There were no securities in the investment portfolio
which exceeded 10% of stockholders' equity at either December 31, 1993 or 1992.
    As of December 31, 1993, Zenith and its subsidiaries own $11,613,000 of
securities in Reliance Insurance Company, its parent and affiliates. Reliance
Insurance Company is a major stockholder of Zenith.

NOTE 3--PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT
    Properties and equipment consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
December 31,                        1993       1992
- ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>        <C>
Land                              $  14,836  $  14,836
Buildings                            32,360     31,060
Furniture, fixtures and
  equipment                          32,450     30,204
- ------------------------------------------------------
                                     79,646     76,100
Less accumulated depreciation        32,604     27,657
- ------------------------------------------------------
  Total                           $  47,042  $  48,443
- ------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

NOTE 4--FUTURE POLICY BENEFITS
    Future policy benefits and life insurance in force consist of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Life       Future        Interest
(Dollars in thousands)      Insurance    policy          rate
December 31,                in force    benefits      assumptions
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>         <C>           <C>
1993
Universal life contracts   $ 2,151,874  $  88,165            7.0%
Traditional life
  contracts                    750,750     48,969            9.9%
Other                           73,554     17,367            7.9%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
1992
Universal life contracts   $ 1,799,056  $  74,076            7.3%
Traditional life
  contracts                    796,722     47,755            9.6%
Other                          355,871     16,855            8.6%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Reinsurance recoverable on future policy benefits amounting to $730,000 and
$686,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, is recorded as an asset.
    Traditional life and group life mortality assumptions are based upon
multiples, ranging from 70% to 120%, applied to the 1967-70 Select and Ultimate
Mortality Tables. Individual and group accident and health morbidity assumptions
are based upon CalFarm Life experience. Withdrawal assumptions are based upon
either CalFarm Life experience or industry tables modified, where appropriate,
for CalFarm Life experience.
    Mortality, morbidity and withdrawal assumptions for other lines of insurance
(including paid up and reinsurance assumed) are calculated using various
statutory assumptions.
    Assumptions with regard to interest rates, mortality, morbidity and
withdrawals for reinsurance ceded approximate the assumptions used in
calculating the related direct reserves.
    For deferred annuity contracts, universal life, single premium life, and
other interest-sensitive life insurance contracts, it is assumed that the earned
interest rate would exceed the rate credited to account values by the amount of
the target interest spreads established for each product.

NOTE 5--PAYABLE TO BANKS
    Zenith has lines of credit available of $50 million. As of December 31, 1993
and 1992, there were no outstanding balances on these unsecured lines of credit.
Interest on funds borrowed through one of these lines of credit is payable at
the banks' prime rate, less .55%, and at a published prime or a fixed rate
chosen by Zenith on the other line of credit. Zenith Insurance has a line of
credit available of $3 million to enable it to issue letters of credit in favor
of ceding companies in certain states where such ceding companies would not
otherwise be allowed to take credit for reinsurance ceded to Zenith Insurance.

                                       30
<PAGE>
    Under these agreements certain restrictive covenants apply including the
maintenance of a specific level of net worth for Zenith and its insurance
subsidiaries.
    The weighted average interest rate for 1993, 1992 and 1991 was 5.5%, 6.2%
and 8.2%, respectively. At December 31, 1993 and 1992 the prime interest rate
was 6%.

NOTE 6--SENIOR NOTES PAYABLE
    $75,000,000 of 9% Senior Notes due 2002 (the "9% Notes") were issued at par
in May 1992. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. The notes are
general unsecured obligations of Zenith. Issue costs of $1,213,000 are being
amortized over the term of the notes and $121,000 and $81,000 of such costs were
amortized during 1993 and 1992, respectively. Covenants contained in the
indenture include restrictions on the ability of Zenith and its subsidiaries to
incur secured debt and the right of holders of the 9% Notes to require Zenith to
repurchase the 9% Notes upon a decline in the rating of the 9% Notes within
ninety days after the occurrence of certain events. Those events are: (a) a
person or group becomes the beneficial owner of more than 50% of Zenith common
stock; (b) 10% or more of Zenith common stock is acquired by Zenith within any
twelve month period; or (c) the sum of the fair market value of distributions
(other than regular dividends or distributions of capital stock) and the
consideration for purchases of Zenith common stock by Zenith during a 12 month
period is thirty percent or more of the fair market value of outstanding Zenith
common stock. The fair value at December 31, 1993 of the 9% Notes is $86,250,000
based on a price published by a rating agency.
    In June 1992, Zenith called its previously outstanding 10 1/4% Senior Notes
due 1994 utilizing a portion of the proceeds of the 9% Notes. The premium to
call the 10 1/4% Senior Notes and the unamortized discount thereon reduced net
income in 1992 by $1,355,000, net of a tax benefit of $698,000.

NOTE 7--FEDERAL INCOME TAXES
    The components of the provision (benefit) for taxes on income from
operations are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,         1993       1992       1991
- -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Current                       $  11,982  $   5,146  $   5,707
Deferred                          8,297     (4,776)       912
Charge in lieu of taxes                                 2,600
- -------------------------------------------------------------
Total federal income taxes    $  20,279  $     370  $   9,219
- -------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The charge in lieu of taxes in 1991 represents the additional taxes that
would have been incurred without the capital loss carryforward, the benefit of
which was reflected as an extraordinary item.
    The difference between the statutory federal income tax rate (35% in 1993
and 34% in 1992 and 1991) and Zenith's effective tax rate on income from
operations, as reflected in the financial statements, is explained as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
Year ended December 31,        1993       1992       1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>        <C>        <C>
Statutory federal income
  tax:                       $  25,718  $   6,700  $  17,857
Increase (reduction) in taxes:
  Dividend received
    deduction                   (1,537)    (2,577)    (3,841)
  Tax exempt interest                        (812)    (2,159)
  "Fresh start" benefits                                (902)
  Proration of dividend
    exclusion and tax
    exempt interest to loss
    reserves                       204        449        812
  Rate differential
    associated with AMT                               (1,820)
  Utilization of AMT
    credit carryforward                                 (775)
  Tax benefit of capital
    loss carryforward           (4,253)    (3,688)
  Other                            147        298         47
- ------------------------------------------------------------
  Total federal income
  taxes                      $  20,279  $     370  $   9,219
- ------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    In 1992 Zenith adopted SFAS No. 109 retroactive to the beginning of 1992
(see Note 1). The cumulative effect of such adoption was an increase in income
of $10,719,000 from the adjustment of deferred taxes at the beginning of the
year, net of a valuation allowance of $11,947,000. The effect on the provision
for federal income taxes in 1992 increased net income by $881,000. In addition,
the tax effect of purchased life insurance reserves was reclassified to deferred
taxes.
    In 1993 and 1992, deferred taxes are provided based upon temporary
differences between the tax and book basis of assets and liabilities. The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

                                       31
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------
                                              Deferred tax
                                                 assets
(Dollars in thousands)                       (liabilities)
                                          --------------------
Year ended December 31,                     1993       1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>
Differences between the tax basis and
  book basis of investments               $  (7,725) $   2,286
Earned but unbilled premiums receivable      (1,605)    (2,160)
Deferred policy acquisition costs           (36,586)   (29,943)
Purchased intangibles                       (15,601)   (14,835)
Properties and equipment                     (2,597)    (2,576)
Capital loss carryover                                   1,346
AMT credit carryover                                     2,381
Property and casualty loss reserve
  discount                                   25,727     23,790
Difference in computing life policy
  reserves                                   17,044     12,745
Limitation on deduction for unearned
  premiums                                    7,243      6,344
Policyholders' dividends accrued              7,464      6,318
Accrued cost of Proposition 103 rollback
  refund                                                 5,468
Other                                        (3,023)      (947)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
                                             (9,659)    10,217
Valuation allowance                                     (4,484)
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred tax asset (liability)        $  (9,659) $   5,733
- --------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Property and casualty loss reserves are not discounted for book purposes,
however the Tax Reform Act of 1986 requires property and casualty loss reserves
to be discounted for tax purposes.
    In 1991 deferred taxes are the result of timing differences in the
recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes. The
sources of timing differences, and tax effect of each are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
Year ended December 31, 1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>
Deferred policy acquisition costs                  $   4,092
Undeclared policyholders' dividends accrued and
  accumulated                                          2,610
Discount on loss and loss expense reserves            (2,219)
Amortization of purchased intangibles                  2,148
Difference in computing policy reserves               (3,474)
Subrogation receivable                                   (25)
Amortization of January 1, 1987 unearned premium
  reduction                                           (1,024)
Market discount not recognized for tax purposes
  currently                                              655
Depreciation                                             160
Effect of AMT                                         (1,038)
Other                                                   (973)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Total deferred tax                                 $     912
- ------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Current taxes receivable (payable) and deferred taxes were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,               1993       1992
- --------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>        <C>
Current taxes                       $  (4,596) $   1,254
Deferred taxes                         (9,659)     5,733
- --------------------------------------------------------
Federal income taxes                $ (14,255) $   6,987
- --------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Zenith files a consolidated federal income tax return. As California
insurance companies, Zenith's subsidiaries pay premium taxes to the State of
California on gross premiums written in lieu of state income or franchise tax.
The tax rate was 2.35% in 1993 and 1992.
    The policyholders' surplus account of CalFarm Life which permitted a
deferral of tax became taxable in 1986 as a result of an election to adjust the
tax basis of assets under Internal Revenue Code Section 338. Accordingly,
CalFarm Life does not have a policyholders' surplus account.

NOTE 8--REINSURANCE
    Reinsurance transactions reflected in the financial statements are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)       1993       1992       1991
- ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>        <C>        <C>
Ceded reinsurance netted
  against earned premiums
  for the year             $  22,457  $  22,231  $  21,498
Ceded reinsurance netted
  against property and
  casualty losses and
  loss adjustment
  expenses incurred           38,716     11,350     18,986
Net assumed reinsurance
  included in earned
  premiums for the year       26,094     19,357     27,531
- ----------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Zenith Insurance has an assumed reinsurance agreement with Reliance
Insurance Company, a major stockholder of Zenith. Three of Zenith's directors
are also directors of Reliance Insurance Company. Reimbursed estimated costs
paid to Reliance relating to this arrangement amounted to $578,000, $420,000 and
$211,000 for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Zenith's reinsurance
arrangements provide protection against claims in excess of between $200,000 and
$700,000 per occurrence depending upon the type of coverage. Zenith's
catastrophe reinsurance provides protection against aggregate losses per event
on property and workers' compensation coverages with limits ranging from
$20,000,000 to $100,000,000. Assumed reinsurance business is not covered by such
catastrophe reinsurance.

NOTE 9--COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT
LIABILITIES
    Zenith and its subsidiaries lease space for some of its offices expiring
through 2002, equipment on leases expiring through 1996 and automobiles on two
through five year leases. The minimum rentals on these operating leases as of
December 31, 1993 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in
thousands)
Year           Equipment    Auto fleet    Offices     Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>          <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
1994           $      66     $     731   $   3,687  $   4,484
1995                  37           301       3,133      3,471
1996                  20            49       2,347      2,416
1997                                         1,072      1,072
1998 and
 thereafter                                  5,789      5,789
- -------------------------------------------------------------
Total          $     123     $   1,081   $  16,028  $  17,232
- -------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       32
<PAGE>
    Rental expenses for 1993, 1992, and 1991 amounted to $5,717,000, $4,774,000
and $4,009,000, respectively.
    Zenith and its subsidiaries are involved in certain litigation. In the
opinion of management and legal counsel, such litigation is either without merit
or the ultimate liability, if any, will not have a material effect on the
consolidated financial condition of Zenith.

RESOLUTION OF CONTINGENCIES SURROUNDING CERTAIN LITIGATION AND OTHER MATTERS
    Other income in the amount of $2,441,000 recognized in 1993 relates to
certain events which were resolved in 1993 associated with the non-investment
grade securities market and Zenith's related write-downs of investments in 1990.
Zenith settled litigation which will result in the receipt of approximately
$7,561,000. Also, the California Life Insurance Guarantee Association ("CLIGA")
assessed CalFarm Life approximately $5,120,000 for its share of the cost
associated with the failure of Executive Life Insurance Company.

RESOLUTION OF CONTINGENCIES SURROUNDING PROPOSITION 103
    In January 1993, Zenith entered into discussions with the California
Department of Insurance (the "Department") to resolve the rollback refund issue
with respect to its subsidiaries. In this context, and without admitting that
Zenith would owe any refunds or that its rates would require a refund under a
correct application of the California Supreme Court's directive of May 1989,
management came to the conclusion that in the best interests of Zenith's
stockholders and customers, a fair settlement would be better than the continued
uncertainty and the costs and risks associated with the litigation of this
issue.
    Accordingly, on January 27, 1993, Zenith announced that it had reached an
agreement with the Department to resolve Zenith's Proposition 103 rollback
refund contingency. During 1993, under the agreement, Zenith's subsidiaries
refunded to each holder of an affected policy issued or renewed during the
rollback period an amount equal to approximately 9.5% of the premium paid plus
interest from May 8, 1989 to the date of payment. The net cost of the refund,
after reinsurance, reduced income in 1992 by $16,078,000 before income taxes.

NOTE 10--COMMON STOCK
    Under an employee non-qualified stock option plan adopted by the Board of
Directors in 1978, as amended, options are issued to officers and key employees
for the purchase of Zenith's common stock at 100% of the market price at the
date of grant. The options expire between five and ten years after the date of
grant or three months after termination of employment. Zenith makes no charges
to earnings in connection with stock options.
    Additional information with respect to stock options is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Option Price
                        Number     ----------------------------
Options                of shares     Per share        Total
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>          <C>             <C>
Outstanding at
  December 31, 1991    1,720,000   $11.94-$ 21.02  $ 30,638,000
Granted                  335,000      17.13-17.44     5,781,000
Exercised                303,000      11.94-19.09     4,527,000
Expired or cancelled     367,000      17.84-20.11     6,947,000
                      -----------                  ------------
Outstanding at
  December 31, 1992    1,385,000      11.94-21.02    24,945,000
Granted                  332,000      22.56-28.19     8,198,000
Exercised                348,000      11.94-19.81     6,261,000
Expired or cancelled      65,000      11.94-19.81     1,137,000
                      -----------                  ------------
Outstanding at
  December 31, 1993    1,304,000   $11.94-$ 28.19  $ 25,745,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The 1,304,000 outstanding options are exercisable: 1994, 895,000; 1995,
173,000; 1996, 153,000; and 83,000, 1997.
    At December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, 454,000, 721,000 and
689,000 shares were available to be granted. At December 31, 1993 and 1992,
respectively, 704,000 and 912,000 options could have been exercised. In 1991,
43,000 options were exercised for a total amount of $598,000 with an option
price of $13.38-15.13 per share.
    At December 31, 1993 Zenith had authority from its Board of Directors to
purchase 809,000 additional treasury shares at prevailing market prices.

NOTE 11--EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
    Earnings per common share are computed on the basis of the weighted average
of common shares outstanding. The number of shares used in 1993, 1992 and 1991
in the computation of earnings per common share was 19,297,000, 18,918,000 and
18,981,000, respectively.

NOTE 12--DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS
    Under insurance company regulations of the State of California, the maximum
dividends that may be paid to Zenith by its insurance company subsidiaries
during any 12 month period without prior approval of the Department of Insurance
is limited to the greater of 10% of statutory surplus as regards policyholders
at the preceding December 31,

                                       33
<PAGE>
or 100% of net income for the preceding year for Zenith Insurance, and the
greater of 10% of statutory surplus as regards policyholders at the preceding
December 31, or statutory net gain from operations for the preceding year for
CalFarm Life. In addition, any such dividend must be paid out of earned surplus.
Zenith Insurance's stockholder's equity and CalFarm Life's stockholder's equity
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles amounted to
$279,117,000 and $124,610,000, respectively, as of December 31, 1993 of which
Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Life could pay $40,969,000 and $5,924,000,
respectively, in 1994, to Zenith in dividends without prior approval, leaving a
restricted balance of $238,148,000 and $118,686,000, respectively. In addition,
in 1994, $1,117,000 can be paid to Zenith Insurance by its insurance
subsidiaries which would be available for dividend payments to Zenith in the
following year.

NOTE 13--STATUTORY FINANCIAL DATA
    Capital stock and surplus and net income on a statutory basis as reported to
regulatory authorities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
Year ended
December 31,         1993       1992       1991
- --------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>        <C>        <C>
Capital stock and
  surplus:
  Property and
    casualty,
    consolidated   $ 228,097  $ 203,479  $ 186,806
  Life insurance      59,241     54,769     45,247
Net income:
  Property and
    casualty,
    consolidated      49,698      7,562     35,984
  Life insurance       4,966      8,253     10,434
- --------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

NOTE 14--UNAUDITED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands
except per share data)
Year ended             March      June      September    December
December 31, 1993       31         30          30           31
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
Premium income and
  other policy
  charges            $ 113,935  $ 120,192   $ 119,992    $ 115,703
Net investment
  income                24,324     23,683      22,872       21,595
Realized gains on
  investments            4,997      5,659       3,841        6,548
Other income, net                               2,441
Net income              12,600     15,100      13,500       12,000
Net income per
  share                    .66        .78         .70          .63
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands
except per share data)
Year ended               March      June      September    December
December 31, 1992         31         30          30           31
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
Premium income
  and other policy
  charges              $ 104,877  $ 108,068   $ 111,686    $ 117,243
Net investment income     23,646     24,707      24,923       23,338
Realized gains on
  investments              1,845      3,266       4,527        1,209
Income (loss) from
  operations before
  income taxes,
  extraordinary
  item and cumulative
  effect of
  accounting change       11,647     12,139       1,702       (5,782)
Extraordinary
  item--debt
  retirement cost                    (1,355)
Cumulative effect of
  accounting
  change                  10,719
Net income (loss)         19,644      7,818       2,734       (1,496)
Net income (loss)
  per share                 1.04        .41         .14         (.08)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Quarterly data for 1992 have been restated for the adoption of SFAS No. 109,
retroactive to January 1, 1992 and to present debt retirement costs in the
second quarter as an extraordinary item.
    In the fourth quarter of 1992 Zenith recognized $16,078,000 of expense
associated with Proposition 103 rollback refunds (see Note 9).

NOTE 15--SEGMENT INFORMATION
    Zenith's operations are conducted through three business segments. These
segments and their respective operations are as follows:

PARENT
    Zenith is a holding company owning directly or indirectly all of the capital
stock of certain California insurance and insurance related companies. In 1993,
Zenith commenced a real estate operation through a newly formed subsidiary.

PROPERTY AND CASUALTY OPERATIONS
    Zenith's property and casualty insurance operations offer multiple product
line insurance and reinsurance. Investments and related income of the property
and casualty insurance companies are available for payment of claims and
benefits and have not been identified with individual product lines.

HEALTH AND LIFE INSURANCE OPERATIONS
    Zenith's life insurance operations offer individual and group life, annuity
and accident and health policies. Identifiable assets for the health and life
insurance segment are those assets which are used in the life insurance company.

                                       34
<PAGE>
The following table is a summary of results by major segments:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands except per share data)
Year ended December 31                                                 1993        1992        1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Property and Casualty
  Net written premiums                                              $  415,947  $  378,178  $  380,408
  Net earned premiums                                                  405,901     377,426     376,068
  Investment income                                                     36,643      42,276      45,727
  Underwriting income (loss) before Proposition 103 rollback
    refund(1)(8)                                                        11,251     (20,621)     (8,453)
  Underwriting income (loss)(1)                                         11,251     (36,699)     (8,453)
  Income after taxes and before realized gains and Proposition 103
    rollback refund(3)(8)                                               32,425      16,674      31,400
  Income after taxes and before realized gains(3)                       32,425       6,063      31,400
  Income after taxes                                                    40,939      16,208      41,841
  Identifiable assets                                                  946,219     912,928     815,255
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Health and Life
  Premium income and other policy charges(2)                            63,921      64,448      61,556
  Investment income                                                     55,339      53,486      49,558
  Income after taxes and before realized gains(3)                        4,096       8,205       6,913
  Income after taxes                                                    12,932      10,354       8,325
  Identifiable assets                                                  897,157     789,664     669,434
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parent
  Investment income                                                        492         852         400
  (Loss) after taxes and before realized gains (losses) (3)             (1,253)     (5,779)     (5,411)
  (Loss) after taxes                                                      (671)     (7,226)     (6,865)
  Identifiable assets                                                   32,409      22,928       9,226
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated total
  Premium income and other policy charges                              469,822     441,874     437,624
  Investment income                                                     92,474      96,614      95,685
  Underwriting income (loss) before Proposition 103 rollback
    refund(1)(8)                                                        11,251     (20,621)     (8,453)
  Underwriting income (loss)(1)(8)                                      11,251     (36,699)     (8,453)
  Income after taxes and before realized gains and Proposition 103
    rollback refund(4)(3)(8)                                            33,682      19,100      32,902
    Per share                                                             1.75        1.01        1.73
  Income after taxes and before realized gains(3)                       35,268       8,489      32,902
  Income after taxes                                                    53,200      19,336      43,301
  Net income(5)(6)                                                      53,200      28,700      45,901
    Per share                                                             2.76        1.52        2.42
  Total assets(7)                                                   $1,857,790  $1,703,553  $1,477,571
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>

(1) After policyholders' dividends of $15,175,000, $2,954,000 and $8,158,000 for
    1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

(2) Of  total health and life premium income  and other policy charges, 62%, 62%
    and 63% for 1993, 1992 and  1991, respectively, is represented by one  group
    health plan.

(3) Realized gains on investments after taxes were as follows:

                                       1993        1992        1991
                                    ----------------------------------
   Property and Casualty            $    8,514  $   10,145  $   10,441
   Health and Life                       8,836       2,149       1,412
   Parent                                  582      (1,447)     (1,454)
                                    ----------------------------------
   Consolidated Total               $   17,932  $   10,847  $   10,399

   Realized  gains  in  the  Health and  Life  segment  reflect  $1,786,000, and
   $1,239,000  tax  benefit   for  capital  loss   carryover  utilized  in   the
   consolidated federal income tax return in 1993 and 1992, respectively.

(4) In  1993, excludes $1,586,000  for net effect of  legal settlement and CLIGA
    assessment.

(5) Net income in 1992 includes an extraordinary item of $1,355,000, net of  tax
    benefit,  for debt redemption costs and  in 1991 includes $2,600,000 for the
    tax benefit associated  with utilization of  capital losses carried  forward
    from prior years.

(6) Net income in 1992 includes $10,719,000 for the cumulative effect of the
change in accounting for income taxes.

(7) Reflects elimination entry of $17,995,000, $21,967,000 and $16,344,000 in
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

(8) Proposition 103 rollback refund in 1992 was $16,078,000, net of reinsurance,
or $10,611,000 ($.56 per share) after tax.
</TABLE>
                                       35
<PAGE>

                                                                 INDEPENDENT
                                                                 ACCOUNTANT'S
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors                          REPORT
of Zenith National Insurance Corp.

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Zenith
National Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, and stockholders'
equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

    We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Zenith
National Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and
the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

    As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company changed its method of accounting for investments as of December 31,
1993.
                                     Coopers & Lybrand


Los Angeles, California
February 17, 1994

                                                                  CalFarm
                                       36                        TheZenith




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 21
                             SUBSIDIARIES OF ZENITH

    Set forth below are the names of certain subsidiaries of Zenith. Certain
subsidiaries, which considered in the aggregate would not constitute a
significant subsidiary, are omitted from the listing below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         JURISDICTION OF
                              NAME                                        ORGANIZATION
- -----------------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>
Zenith Insurance Company                                                   California
CalFarm Insurance Company                                                  California
ZNAT Insurance Company                                                     California
CalFarm Life Insurance Company                                             California
CalFarm Insurance Agency                                                   California
Zenith Star Insurance Company                                                 Texas
Perma-Bilt, a Nevada Corporation                                             Nevada
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-28
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 28
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 202 OF REGULATION S-T, THIS EXHIBIT 28 IS BEING FILED IN
PAPER PURSUANT TO A CONTINUING HARDSHIP EXEMPTION.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
