-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 cNzqkvnYpgrBlPNn9lO1rn1K/cMeEnIrEtD53qJr+mBKVRhZfQFgxbVKikqkFTND
 ZUI+al4pBDV6R+UpUOjt5A==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-95-001695.txt : 19950905
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-95-001695.hdr.sgml : 19950518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-95-001695
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950324
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				952702776
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09627
		FILM NUMBER:		95523120

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21255 CALIFA ST
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8187131000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                       [LOGO]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Form 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

        [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
              SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

        FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994

                                       OR

        [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
              THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

        FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM .............. TO  ..............

        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-9627

                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.

             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<TABLE>
<S>                                                        <C>
                        DELAWARE                                                  95-2702776
      (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION                  (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
                    OR ORGANIZATION)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                        <C>
     21255 CALIFA STREET, WOODLAND HILLS, CALIFORNIA                              91367-5021
        (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)                                  (ZIP CODE)
</TABLE>

REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (818) 713-1000

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                   TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                         WHICH REGISTERED
- ---------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>
              Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value                                 New York Stock Exchange
                    (TITLE OF CLASS)
</TABLE>

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:

                                      None
                                (TITLE OF CLASS)

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  X  No

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  [  ]

    The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by
non-affiliates of the registrant on March 23, 1995 was approximately
$210,941,000 (based on the closing sale price of such stock on such date).

    At March 23, 1995, 18,860,869 shares of Common Stock were outstanding, net
of 5,190,175 shares of treasury stock.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

    (1) Portions of the Annual Report to Stockholders for fiscal year ended
December 31, 1994 -- Part I and Part II.

    (2) Portions of the Proxy Statement in connection with the 1995 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders -- Part III.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL

    Zenith National Insurance Corp. ("Zenith"), a Delaware corporation
incorporated in 1971, is a holding company. Zenith is engaged through its
directly and indirectly wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, Zenith Insurance
Company ("Zenith Insurance"), CalFarm Insurance Company ("CalFarm Insurance"),
ZNAT Insurance Company ("ZNAT Insurance"), Zenith Star Insurance Company
("Zenith Star") and CalFarm Life Insurance Company ("CalFarm Life"), in the
business of writing workers' compensation insurance primarily in California and
Texas; reinsurance; annuities; health and life insurance coverages; and auto,
homeowners, farmowners and other coverages primarily in the rural areas of
California. In 1993, Zenith commenced real estate operations, developing private
residences for sale in Las Vegas, Nevada, through its wholly owned subsidiary,
Perma-Bilt, a Nevada Corporation ("Perma-Bilt").

    The 1994 edition of Best's Key Rating Guide ("Best's") gives Zenith
Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and Zenith Star, collectively,
ratings of A+ (superior). CalFarm Life is rated A (excellent) by Best's.
Standard & Poor's Corporation ("S&P") has rated the claims-paying ability of
Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and Zenith Star AA-
(excellent) and the solvency of CalFarm Life BBBq (above average). Best's
ratings and S&P's ratings of claims-paying ability and solvency are based upon
factors of concern to policyholders and insurance agents and are not directed
toward the protection of investors.

    At December 31, 1994, Zenith and its subsidiaries had approximately 1,500
employees.

    The principal executive offices of Zenith are located at 21255 Califa
Street, Woodland Hills, California 91367-5021, telephone (818) 713-1000.

GLOSSARY OF SELECTED INSURANCE TERMS

    The following terms when used herein have the following meanings:

<TABLE>
<S>                            <C>
Assume                         To receive from a ceding company all or a portion of a risk
                               in consideration of receipt of a premium.
Cede                           To transfer to a reinsurer all or a portion of a risk in
                               consideration of payment of a premium.
Combined ratio                 The sum of underwriting expenses, net incurred losses, loss
                               adjustment expenses and policyholders' dividends, expressed
                               as a percentage of net premiums earned.
Development                    The amount by which losses, measured subsequently by
                               reference to payments and additional estimates, differ from
                               those originally reported for a period. Development is
                               favorable when losses ultimately settle for less than
                               levels at which they were reserved or subsequent estimates
                               indicate a basis for reserve decreases on open claims.
                               Development is unfavorable when losses ultimately settle
                               for more than levels at which they were reserved or
                               subsequent estimates indicate a basis for reserve increases
                               on open claims.
Excess of loss reinsurance     A form of reinsurance in which the reinsurer pays all or a
                               specified percentage of a loss caused by a particular
                               occurrence or event in excess of a fixed amount and up to a
                               stipulated limit.
Incurred but not reported      Claims relating to insured events that have occurred but
 claims                        have not yet been reported to the insurer or reinsurer.
</TABLE>

                                       1
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>                            <C>
Loss adjustment expenses       The expenses of investigating and settling claims,
                               including legal and other fees, and general expenses of
                               administering the claims adjustment process.
Net premiums earned            The portion of net premiums written applicable to the
                               expired period of policies.
Participating policy           A policy upon which dividends may be paid after expiration.
Policyholders' surplus or      The amount remaining after all liabilities are subtracted
 statutory capital             from all admitted assets, as determined in accordance with
                               statutory accounting practices. This amount is regarded as
                               financial protection to policyholders in the event an
                               insurance company suffers unexpected or catastrophic
                               losses.
Reinsurance                    A transaction in which an original insurer, or cedant,
                               remits a portion of the premium to a reinsurer, or assuming
                               company, as payment for the reinsurer's assumption of a
                               portion of the risk.
Reserves or loss reserves      The balance sheet liability representing estimates of
                               amounts needed to pay reported and unreported claims and
                               related loss adjustment expenses (stated without reduction
                               for reinsurance ceded after 1992).
Retrocession                   A reinsurance of reinsurance assumed.
Statutory accounting           Accounting principles prescribed or permitted by the
 practices                     California Department of Insurance. In general, statutory
                               accounting practices address policyholder protection and
                               solvency and are more conservative in presentation of
                               earnings, surplus and assets than generally accepted
                               accounting principles.
Treaty                         A contract of reinsurance.
Underwriting                   The process whereby an insurer reviews applications
                               submitted for insurance coverage and determines whether it
                               will accept all or part, and at what premium, of the
                               coverage being requested.
Underwriting expenses          The aggregate of policy acquisition costs and the portion
                               of administrative, general and other expenses attributable
                               to the underwriting process as they are accrued and
                               expensed.
</TABLE>

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS

    Zenith and its subsidiaries conduct business through a property and casualty
segment, health and life segment and a parent or holding company segment as
described in Note 15 -- "Segment Information" on pages 52 and 53 of the 1994
Annual Report to Stockholders, which note is hereby incorporated by reference.

    The earnings of Zenith's property and casualty operations and its health and
life business are supplemented by the generation of investment income discussed
under "Investments."

  PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -- WORKERS' COMPENSATION INSURANCE

    Workers' compensation insurance provides coverage for the statutorily
prescribed benefits that employers are required to pay to their employees
injured in the course of employment. The standard workers' compensation policy
issued by Zenith Insurance provides payments for, among other things, temporary
or permanent disability benefits, death benefits, medical and hospital expenses
and expenses of vocational rehabilitation. The benefits payable and the duration
of such benefits are set by statute, and vary with the nature and severity of
the injury or disease and the wages, occupation and age of the employee. Zenith
Insurance writes workers' compensation insurance which represents 53% of
consolidated property and casualty premium earned for 1994 and is the largest
line of Zenith's property and casualty business. Historically, Zenith's workers'

                                       2
<PAGE>
compensation business was produced exclusively in California with minor
incidental coverages out of state for its larger policyholders. Commencing in
1992, Zenith began operations in the Texas workers' compensation market and in
1994 approximately 13% of its total premium writings were produced in Texas
compared to 87% in California. Zenith is currently examining the feasibility of
developing workers' compensation operations in other states. Specifically,
licenses have been obtained in Florida and Illinois.

    Regulation, rate adequacy and the feasibility of containing the elements of
the cost of claims are among the key factors in determining the favorability of
a given workers' compensation market. Regulation is principally a matter for
state legislatures. In California, workers' compensation legislation was enacted
in 1993 which, together with private initiatives undertaken by Zenith and other
insurers, produced significant improvements in a theretofore runaway claims cost
environment. However, the California Insurance Commissioner reduced minimum
rates on three separate occasions in 1993 and 1994 in response. Rates were
de-regulated effective January 1, 1995 and insurance companies may now file and
use their own, actuarially determined, rates in California for workers'
compensation insurance. The rates filed and which are in use by Zenith in 1995
were determined to provide, in conjunction with other policy features, a margin
for underwriting profits. However, future profitability of Zenith's workers'
compensation operation will be dependent upon its ability to compete in an open
rating environment in California, the outlook for economic growth in California
and Zenith's continuing efforts to control medical and indemnity costs. At
present, competition is intense and Zenith is quoting on large numbers of
policies in accordance with its pricing models and is endeavoring to achieve the
goal of a combined ratio of 100%.

    In Texas, significant workers' compensation reform legislation was enacted
in 1989 which created a more favorable environment for workers' compensation
insurers. The constitutionality of such legislation was upheld by the Texas
Supreme Court in February 1995. The Texas workers' compensation environment
remains favorable with flexible rating and a reasonable claims environment,
although increased competition among insurers may result.

    Generally, premiums for workers' compensation insurance policies are a
function of the applicable premium rate, which includes the insured employer's
experience modification factor (where applicable) and the amount of the insured
employer's payroll. Payrolls may be affected significantly by changes in
employment and wage levels. A deposit premium is paid at the beginning of the
policy period, periodic installments are paid during the period and the final
amount of the premium is generally determined as of the end of the policy period
after the policyholder's payroll records are audited. Additional policy features
may be added to enhance the outcome for the policyholder in the event of
favorable claims experience. Predominant among such features has been,
historically, the participating policy in which a dividend has been paid after
policy expiration. With open rating and an emphasis on, among other things,
overall pricing at inception, dividends are likely to become relatively
insignificant in the future as an element in workers' compensation insurance.
Conversely, de-regulation may serve to enhance other policy features such as
deductible thresholds retained by the insured.

    In 1994, Zenith developed plans to selectively combine the sale of its
workers' compensation insurance with other insurance products purchased by
employers for the benefit of their employees. The idea is to combine workers'
compensation insurance with disability insurance and group health insurance in a
plan that is generically known as "24 hour coverage". In 1995, Zenith expects to
commence sales of such coverage on a limited basis in San Diego, with a view to
future expansion in the rest of California. This activity is being undertaken in
concert with UNUM Corporation, a leading disability insurance carrier.

  PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -- OTHER, PRINCIPALLY AUTOMOBILE

    Zenith, through CalFarm Insurance, offers a comprehensive line of property
and casualty insurance, including automobile, farmowners, commercial multiple
peril packages and homeowners coverage. Automobile insurance includes coverage
for automobile bodily injury, property damage and physical damage. Automobile
bodily injury and property damage insurance provide coverage for third party
liability, bodily injury and property damage arising from the ownership,
maintenance

                                       3
<PAGE>
or use of an automobile. Automobile physical damage coverage insures against
physical loss of the insured's own vehicle. Farmowners and homeowners insurance
includes coverage for direct physical damage to real and personal property, loss
of personal property by theft and legal liability for injury to others and
damage to property of others. Commercial multiple peril insures businesses
against property damage and general liability.

    Automobile insurance (both commercial and private passenger) is the largest
line of CalFarm Insurance's business, representing 16% of Zenith's property and
casualty premiums earned in 1994. CalFarm Insurance insured approximately 22,000
private passenger automobiles and 71,000 commercial and farm vehicles in 1994.
Farmowners business is the second largest line of CalFarm Insurance's business,
representing approximately 10% of Zenith's property and casualty premiums earned
in 1994.

    Zenith's Automobile and Other Property and Casualty operations are subject
to the regulatory provisions of California Initiative Proposition 103
("Proposition 103"). The principal effects of Proposition 103 on Zenith's
Automobile and Other Property and Casualty business are as follows: rates must
be approved by the Insurance Commissioner prior to use; rates on auto policies
must be offered to "good drivers" (as defined) at a discount of at least 20%
from rates otherwise charged and an insurer cannot refuse to sell a "good
driver" policy to a qualified applicant; automobile insurance policies on the
books as of November 9, 1988 and new and renewal policies written thereafter
cannot be cancelled or non-renewed except for non-payment of premium, fraud or
material misrepresentation, or a substantial increase in hazard; and automobile
insurance rates must be based on the following factors in decreasing order of
importance: driving record, number of miles driven, number of years of driving
experience, and other factors which may be adopted by the Insurance
Commissioner.

    In January 1993, Zenith announced that it had reached an agreement with the
California Department of Insurance (the "Department") to resolve its Proposition
103 rollback refund contingency (see "Resolution of Contingencies Surrounding
Proposition 103" in Note 9 on page 50 of Zenith's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders, which note is hereby incorporated by reference). Under the
agreement, Zenith's subsidiaries refunded to each holder of an affected policy
issued or renewed between November 1988 and November 1989 an amount equal to
approximately
9.5 percent of the premium paid plus interest. The net cost of the refund, after
reinsurance, reduced income before taxes in 1992 by $16,078,000. As part of the
agreement, the Department gave final approval to all of Zenith's pending rate
applications on affected lines of business subsequent to the rollback period.
Rate increases of 8.0% and 15.4%, respectively, on farmowners and homeowners
policies were implemented effective July 1, 1993. During 1994, the Department
approved a rate increase for commercial auto of 7.5% and a rate decrease for
personal auto of 6.3%, both effective September 1, 1994. The Department has also
approved rate increases for homeowners (8.0%), farmowners (8.5%), earthquake
(15.1%) and commercial property and liability coverages (5.6%). These rates will
be effective in early 1995.

  PROPERTY AND CASUALTY -- REINSURANCE ASSUMED

    Zenith Insurance is selectively underwriting a book of assumed reinsurance.
Reinsurance contracts, or treaties, come in a variety of forms, but the
principal arrangements are either proportional in nature, in which the assuming
company shares pro-rata in the premiums and losses of the cedant, or
arrangements under which the assuming company pays losses in excess of a certain
limit in return for a premium, usually determined as a percentage of the
cedant's primary insurance premiums. Zenith operates its reinsurance activity as
a participant in treaties in which, typically, the reinsurance coverage is
syndicated to a number of assuming companies. Depending upon market conditions
and other factors, the volume of premiums written fluctuates from year to year.
Zenith's current participation in the reinsurance market is limited principally
to participation in the reinsurance of large individual property risks and
property catastrophe reinsurance. Major property losses and catastrophes in
recent years have served to increase the premiums paid for such reinsurance and
to increase the amount of risk retained by insurers and reinsurers. These
developments have created a market which management believes presents
reasonable, acceptable

                                       4
<PAGE>
opportunities to produce favorable underwriting results. Zenith's assumed
reinsurance business is written with a view to limiting the company's exposure
to losses from any one event to a maximum of approximately 5% of stockholders'
equity.

    Because reinsurance pricing is unregulated, an important element in such
pricing is the supply of reinsurance capacity (i.e. capital) relative to demand.
As reinsurance rates have increased in recent years new capital has been made
available to provide world-wide reinsurance capacity. Most notably, such capital
has been contributed by new companies in Bermuda and by contributions to Lloyd's
syndicates by corporations with limited liability. As a result, reinsurance
rates in 1995 do not appear to have increased over 1994.

    In November 1994, Zenith Insurance became a corporate underwriting member of
Lloyd's through the formation of a 100% wholly owned subsidiary, ZIC Lloyd's
Underwriting Limited ("ZIC Lloyd's"). ZIC Lloyd's has committed funds of $5
million to support the 1995 underwriting year of a certain syndicate. Such funds
were made available by a deposit of $2.5 million and a $2.5 million letter of
credit in favor of Lloyd's expiring January 31, 2000. All of the funds committed
by ZIC Lloyd's are available to satisfy claims in the event of underwriting
losses for 1995 by the syndicate. However, such commitment is limited to $5
million.

  HEALTH AND LIFE

    CalFarm Life offers a varied portfolio of life, health and annuity products.
The portfolio includes a competitive line of Term Life, Universal Life and
Interest Sensitive Life Insurance, Group Health Insurance, and Single and
Flexible Premium Annuity products for both qualified and non-qualified markets.
Less than 8% of CalFarm Life's life insurance is written on substandard risks.
CalFarm Life's interest sensitive life insurance products and annuity products
contain features to minimize the effect of inflation and interest rate
fluctuations. As a result, management does not believe the impact of inflation
on these products will be material.

    In 1994, CalFarm Life continued its sales of tax sheltered annuity products,
specifically, those designed for school teachers and administrators. Total
annuity deposits of $41,924,000, $56,764,000 and $83,600,000 were collected for
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Zenith's ability to profit from its annuity
business depends upon its ability to manage the spread between the interest it
earns on its investment portfolio and the interest credited to the annuity
deposits; policy and premium persistency; the efficiency of operations; and the
limiting of its risk of defaults on its investment portfolio. During 1994, the
Company experienced higher than expected policy surrenders on its annuity
business. Increased personal federal income tax rates may increase the desire to
accumulate retirement income on a tax deferred basis, however the profitability
of future operations could be adversely affected if tax laws are changed with
respect to income accumulation within life insurance and annuity products.

    Health insurance is the largest line of insurance written by CalFarm Life,
accounting for $36,904,000 or approximately 60% of its total premium income in
1994. Health premiums are written under a program sponsored by the California
Farm Bureau Federation (the "Farm Bureau").

    CalFarm Life's deposits for Universal Life contracts were $13 million, $19
million, and $13 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively. Significant
terms of CalFarm's life insurance products include minimum guaranteed credited
interest rates ranging from 3% to 6%, mortality charges and surrender
(termination) charges which generally diminish over 15 years. Life insurance
premium rates are based on pricing assumptions as to future mortality,
investment yields, expenses, and persistency. Although a margin for profit is
included, the actual profitability of the products can be significantly affected
by the deviation of actual experience from the assumptions. The actual
experience in recent years on investment yields has been more favorable than
anticipated, while the experience on premium persistency on new business has
been less favorable than anticipated; experience with respect to expenses and
mortality rates have been in line with pricing assumptions.

                                       5
<PAGE>
    Life insurance in force is a measure of the total commitment of CalFarm Life
to pay benefits under the policies it has written that are currently in effect
or, "in force." Changes in life insurance in force are summarized in the
following table for all classes of insurance.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                      --------------------------------------
                                                         1994          1993          1992
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>
In force -- beginning of year.....................    $2,976,178    $2,951,649    $2,686,030
Issued for new policies...........................       192,889       605,201       500,084
Reinstated policies...............................         2,288         1,514         2,066
Net additions (reductions) to policies............        (1,789)     (316,477)       32,921
Additions by dividend.............................         1,421         2,223         2,265
Reduction due to:
  Death claims....................................         7,427         6,159         6,974
  Expirations and maturities......................         2,338         2,665         2,770
  Surrenders and lapses...........................       279,535       237,307       231,100
  Conversions.....................................        17,592        21,801        30,873
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
In force -- end of year...........................     2,864,095     2,976,178     2,951,649
  Less reinsurance ceded..........................       438,775       453,025       287,980
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
Net retained in force -- end of year..............    $2,425,320    $2,523,153    $2,663,669
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                      ----------    ----------    ----------
</TABLE>

    The results of operations of CalFarm Life reflect the effect of purchase
accounting adjustments including policy liabilities and accruals and the value
of life insurance in force based on actuarial estimates. These actuarial
estimates were based on then current assumptions applied in calculating policy
reserves, policyholder dividend amounts and related policy acquisition costs to
be incurred, discounted to provide an appropriate rate of return.

  PARENT

    Zenith is a holding company owning directly or indirectly all of the capital
stock of certain California insurance and insurance-related companies. In 1993,
Zenith commenced a real estate operation through a newly-formed subsidiary,
Perma-Bilt, for the purpose of building private residences in Las Vegas, Nevada.
In 1994, sales revenues of $30,220,000 were recognized on 228 completed sales
contracts. Income before taxes attributable to real estate operations was
$2,189,000 in 1994. At December 31, 1994, Perma-Bilt owned land at a cost of
approximately $10 million with a capacity to develop a further 1,100 units.

LOSS AND LOSS EXPENSE RESERVES AND CLAIMS, AND LOSS DEVELOPMENTS

    Zenith's property and casualty subsidiaries (the "P&C Companies") maintain
reserves for the payment of losses and for the expenses of settling both
reported and unreported claims that have been incurred under their insurance
policies. The amount of such reserves, as related to reported claims, is based
upon periodic case-by-case evaluation and judgment by the P&C Companies' claims
departments, with actuarial review. The estimate of unreported claims arising
from accidents which have not yet been reported to the P&C Companies, commonly
known in the industry as "incurred but not reported," is based upon the P&C
Companies' experience and statistical information with respect to the probable
number and nature of such claims. The P&C Companies monitor these factors and
revise their reserves as they deem appropriate. Reserves are based on estimates
and no assurance can be given that the ultimate liability will not be more or
less than such estimates.

    Reference is made to "Property -- Casualty Loss Development" on pages 36 and
37, the table setting forth statutory loss and loss adjustment expense
development by accident year on page 8 and the table setting forth the
reconciliation of changes in the liabilities for losses and loss adjustment
expenses included in Note 14 -- "Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves" on
page 52 of the 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, all of which are hereby
incorporated by reference. These tables show the development of loss and loss
adjustment expense liabilities as

                                       6
<PAGE>
originally estimated under generally accepted accounting principles at December
31 of each year presented, as well as the development of statutory incurred loss
and loss adjustment expense by accident year. The accounting methods used to
estimate these liabilities are described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements of Zenith as set forth on pages 44 through 46 of the 1994
Annual Report to Stockholders which note is hereby incorporated by reference.

  WORKERS' COMPENSATION

    Zenith's Workers' Compensation reserves, on the average, are paid within
approximately 2 1/2-3 years. Zenith regards the timely settlement of its
Workers' Compensation claims as important to its profitability and makes
extensive use of compromises and releases for claim settlements to expedite this
process.

    Workers' compensation loss and loss development trends in California were
unfavorable in 1992, a year which saw the culmination of an increasing amount of
fraud and abuse in the California workers' compensation system. Legislative
reform of the California workers' compensation system was enacted in 1993. In
addition, Zenith undertook significant additional expenditures on the loss
adjustment process in recent years with a view to mitigating the effect of
adverse claim trends, particularly the effect of fraud and abuse.

    In 1994, the one year loss development on reserves showed favorable
development of $12,944,000. The one year development on reserves for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses in 1993 and 1992 showed unfavorable
development of $4,704,000 and $13,502,000, due principally to development of
prior year reserves for unpaid loss adjustment expenses caused by increased
expenditures on the loss adjustment process.

    Zenith Insurance maintains five regional offices in California and an office
in Texas, each of which is fully staffed to conduct all workers' compensation
claims operations, including review of initial reports of work injury,
assignment of appropriate field investigation and determination of whether
subrogation should be pursued. Workers' Compensation claims operations are
supported by a computer system that provides immediate access to policy coverage
verification and claims records and enables Zenith Insurance to detail claims
payment histories and policy loss experience reports.

  AUTOMOBILE AND OTHER PROPERTY AND CASUALTY

    Automobile and Other Property and Casualty loss reserves are paid, on the
average, within approximately 1 1/2-2 years.

    In addition to inflated medical and hospital costs, an increase in the
incidence of fraudulent and questionable claims in recent years has given rise
to a steady increase in the cost of adjusting claims. The one year development
of Automobile and Other Property and Casualty reserves for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses showed unfavorable development of $4,051,000,
$4,657,000 and $5,177,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Such unfavorable
development was attributable to development of prior year reserves for unpaid
loss adjustment expenses caused by an increase in expenditures on the loss
adjustment process, particularly for legal expenses of claims servicing.

    Losses attributable to the Northridge earthquake in 1994 were $3,200,000, of
which $800,000 was assessed by the California Fair Plan. Property losses in 1993
and 1992 were impacted by an adverse frequency of weather and fire related
losses. Losses in 1993 included $1,600,000, of which $1,000,000 was assessed by
the California Fair Plan, attributable to the Southern California brush fires in
the fall.

    Commercial General Liability policies written by CalFarm Insurance contain
exclusion clauses for damages resulting from pollution, and such losses are
thereby substantially excluded from coverage. Although such claims have been
received by CalFarm Insurance, management believes that such claims will not
have a material adverse effect on Zenith's consolidated financial condition
either individually or in the aggregate.

                                       7
<PAGE>
    CalFarm Insurance maintains three claims and legal offices in California to
conduct all claims operations of the other property and casualty business. All
claims operations of
CalFarm Insurance are supervised by its home office claims department.

  REINSURANCE ASSUMED

    Zenith expects that, on the average, its Reinsurance reserves will be paid
in approximately 6-7 years.

    Zenith's Reinsurance reserves constitute approximately 21% of its total
reserves, net of reinsurance, for property and casualty unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses at December 31, 1994, reflecting the longer average life of
such reserves relative to Zenith's other principal lines of business. In
addition to information supplied by ceding companies, Zenith makes use of
industry experience in arriving at estimates of ultimate losses for certain
reinsurance assumed arrangements. The one year development of Reinsurance
reserves showed favorable development of $827,000 in 1994 and $290,000 in 1993
and adverse development of $1,255,000 in 1992.

    Losses attributable to the Northridge earthquake in 1994 were $9,300,000. In
1992, Zenith Insurance incurred losses of approximately $9,800,000 associated
with hurricanes "Andrew" and "Iniki."

    Zenith Insurance has participated, to a limited extent, in the reinsurance
arrangements of ceding companies that have written both directors' and officers'
liability coverage ("D & O") policies and professional indemnity policies,
including such coverage written for practicing certified public accountants.
Actions alleging negligence against directors, officers or accountants by
parties suffering financial losses in savings and loan failures give rise to
claims under D & O policies or professional indemnity policies which, in turn,
give rise to claims against Zenith Insurance. Such claims have not had, and are
not expected to have in the future, a material adverse effect on Zenith's
consolidated financial condition.

INVESTMENTS

    Investment policies of Zenith and its insurance subsidiaries are established
by their respective Boards of Directors, taking into consideration California
legal restrictions with respect to investments in connection with reserve
obligations as well as the nature and amount of various kinds of investments.
(See "Business -- Regulation.") Zenith adjusts its investment strategy to
reflect the needs of Zenith's different businesses, changes in the economic
environment and tax laws and its objective of maximizing the rate of return with
consideration for maintaining principal values (see "Investments" under
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition and
Results of Operations on pages 29 and 30 of Zenith's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders which is hereby incorporated by reference). At December 31, 1994
the investment portfolios of Zenith and the P&C Companies consisted primarily of
taxable bonds and short-term investments supplemented by smaller portfolios of
redeemable and other preferred stocks and common stocks. At December 31, 1994
CalFarm Life's investment portfolio consisted primarily of taxable long-term,
intermediate-term and short-term securities. The average life of the
consolidated portfolio was 8.0 years; the portfolio of all companies excluding
CalFarm Life had an average life of 2.5 years; and the portfolio of CalFarm Life
had an average life of 12.8 years. Investment income by segment is set forth in
Note 15 -- "Segment Information" on pages 52 and 53 of the 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders which note is hereby incorporated by reference.

    Stockholders' equity will fluctuate as interest rates fluctuate due to the
implementation of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 --
Accounting for Investments in Certain Debt and Equity Securities. In accordance
with its provisions, Zenith has identified certain securities, amounting to
approximately 66% of the investments in debt securities at December 31, 1994, as
available-for-sale. In 1994 stockholders' equity decreased by $58.5 million, net
of limited deferred tax benefits, as a result of changes in the fair values of
such investments.

                                       8
<PAGE>
REINSURANCE CEDED

    In accordance with general industry practices, Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries annually purchase excess of loss reinsurance.

    Reinsurance makes the assuming reinsurer liable to the ceding company to the
extent of the reinsurance. It does not, however, discharge the ceding company
from its primary liability to its policyholders in the event that the reinsurer
is unable to meet its obligations under such reinsurance treaty. Historically,
no material costs have been incurred by Zenith or its subsidiaries from
uncollected reinsurance.

    Reinsurance premiums ceded by Zenith's insurance subsidiaries amounted to
$21,801,000, $22,457,000 and $22,231,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively or
4.6%, 4.6% and 4.8% of earned premiums in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Reinsurance reserves amounted to $47,332,000, $44,552,000 and $32,701,000 in
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, or 9.4%, 8.7% and 6.6% of gross reserves for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
The purpose of such reinsurance is to protect Zenith from the impact of large,
unforseen losses and such reinsurance reduces the magnitude of sudden and
unpredictable changes in net income and the capitalization of insurance
operations. Zenith monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers and does
not believe that it is exposed to any material risk of loss through its ceded
reinsurance arrangements. Zenith believes that its ceded reinsurance
arrangements are adequate and consistent with industry practice. Each insurance
subsidiary maintains separate reinsurance arrangements, which during 1994 were
as follows:

    Zenith Insurance -- Workers' Compensation reinsurance covered all claims
between $550,000 and $100,000,000 per occurrence. The coverage from $550,000 to
$5,000,000 is placed with General Reinsurance Corporation, the coverage from
$5,000,000 to $10,000,000 with Employers Reinsurance Corporation and the
remaining three layers from $10,000,000 to $60,000,000 primarily with Prudential
Reinsurance Company, NAC Reinsurance Corporation, Transatlantic Reinsurance
Company, The St. Paul Companies and the London reinsurance market (primarily
Lloyds' syndicates and certain United Kingdom reinsurance companies).
Catastrophe reinsurance covers an additional $40,000,000 in excess of
$60,000,000 and is placed with Northwestern National Life Insurance Company,
Cigna Reinsurance Company and Pinehurst Accident Reinsurance Group. Zenith's
Reinsurance division did not purchase any reinsurance protection on its assumed
business in the three years ended December 31, 1994. However, Zenith's exposure
to losses from assumed reinsurance is limited by the terms upon which it is
written to a maximum probable loss from any one event of approximately 5% of
Zenith's consolidated stockholders' equity.

    CalFarm Insurance -- For personal and commercial property lines of business,
reinsurance is maintained for claims in excess of $200,000 up to $4,000,000 per
occurrence. On liability coverages for both personal and commercial lines,
reinsurance covers losses up to $5,000,000 per occurrence, subject to a
retention of $500,000. This reinsurance coverage is all placed with General
Reinsurance Corporation. CalFarm Insurance has property catastrophe reinsurance
that provides for recovery of losses of 95% of $20,000,000, excess of a
retention of $5,000,000, for which the lead reinsurer is General Reinsurance
Corporation. In addition, CalFarm Insurance has property catastrophe reinsurance
for the recovery of fire related losses of 95% of $5,000,000, excess of a
retention of $25,000,000 and for earthquake and fire following earthquake
related losses of 95% of $10,000,000 in excess of a retention of $30,000,000.

    CalFarm Insurance participates in a quota share contract whereby it retains
20% of the first $1,000,000 on most umbrella risks (comprehensive coverage in
excess of primary policy limits) underwritten, with the remainder of up to
$10,000,000 for commercial lines and up to $5,000,000 for personal lines ceded
to General Reinsurance Corporation. Facultative reinsurance is placed on
property coverage in excess of $4,000,000 on all property lines, and on umbrella
limits in excess of $10,000,000 for commercial lines and $5,000,000 for personal
lines. Facultative reinsurance is used

                                       9
<PAGE>
on fewer than 5% of CalFarm Insurance's policies. Facultative coverage is placed
primarily with General Reinsurance Corporation. Other companies used are
Employers Reinsurance Corporation, Munich American Reinsurance Company and other
reinsurers rated A+ by A.M. Best Company.

    CalFarm Life -- Yearly renewable term insurance treaties are maintained with
seven life insurers, through which CalFarm Life ceded 16% of its ordinary life
insurance in force as of year end 1994 and 1993. Its principal reinsurers are
American United Life Insurance Company, Indiana; Frankona America Life
Reassurance Company, Missouri; Munich American Reassurance Company, Georgia;
North American Reassurance Company, New York; Gerling Global Life Insurance
Company, Canada; and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, California.
Maximum net retention on any one life is $250,000. CalFarm Life also maintains
reinsurance agreements with Employers Reinsurance Corporation for excess risks
on its accident and health contracts. This excess risk reinsurance provides
coverage for aggregate losses in excess of $2,400,000 on those claims that
exceed $120,000 for each insured in each calendar year.

    Pooling Agreement -- Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and
Zenith Star are parties to a pooling agreement. Under the agreement, the results
of underwriting operations are ceded (the risks are transferred) to Zenith
Insurance and are then reapportioned, or retro-ceded (the risks are transferred
back), to those three companies in the following proportions: Zenith Insurance,
79.5%; CalFarm Insurance, 18%; ZNAT Insurance, 2%; and Zenith Star, 0.5%.
Transactions pursuant to the pooling agreement are eliminated on consolidation
and have no impact on Zenith's Consolidated Financial Statements.

MARKETING AND STAFF

    Zenith Insurance's workers' compensation business is produced by
approximately 500 independent licensed insurance agents and brokers throughout
California and Texas along with the CalFarm agents referred to below. Zenith
Insurance's assumed reinsurance premiums are generated nationally by brokers and
reinsurance intermediaries.

    CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, through their affiliate CalFarm
Insurance Agency, maintain a sales force of approximately 206 agents who sell
insurance products exclusively for CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, primarily
in rural and suburban areas. These agents operate out of 118 offices throughout
the State of California, including 32 offices shared with the Farm Bureau. In
addition, in certain areas, independent agents market CalFarm Insurance
products. CalFarm Life also markets a tax sheltered annuity product through a
general agent and approximately 670 appointed sub-agents.

    Applications for insurance submitted by all agents and brokers are evaluated
by professional underwriters based upon numerous factors, including underwriting
criteria and standards, geographic areas of underwriting concentration,
actuarial judgments of rate adequacy, economic considerations, and review of
known data on the particular risk. Zenith's insurance subsidiaries, as opposed
to their agents and brokers, retain authority over underwriting, claims
processing, safety engineering and auditing.

CALIFORNIA FARM BUREAU FEDERATION

    The Farm Bureau was formed to provide its members with a variety of
agriculture-related services, including property and casualty, health and life
insurance. The Farm Bureau is California's largest general farm organization,
and represents more than 68,000 member families in 56 counties. The Farm Bureau
continues to work actively to encourage its membership to place their insurance
with CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance. Farm Bureau membership is a
prerequisite to the purchase of farmowners, automobile and health insurance from
CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance. Of the estimated 68,000 member families,
approximately 64% are insured by CalFarm Insurance or CalFarm Life. The
businesses of CalFarm Life and CalFarm Insurance are closely tied to the
California farm economy, however over 41% of Farm Bureau members (and CalFarm
Insurance and CalFarm Life insureds) are non-farmers and over 62% of CalFarm
Insurance and CalFarm Life premium volume is generated by non-farm business.
Total revenues in CalFarm

                                       10
<PAGE>
Insurance and CalFarm Life attributable to sales that were sponsored by the Farm
Bureau constituted approximately 25%, 26% and 27% of Zenith's total consolidated
revenues for the years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The agreement of
CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life with the Farm Bureau, which is subject to
cancellation by either party on six months' notice, requires annual payments to
the Farm Bureau of $240,000 plus 2% of the gross written premium under the Farm
Bureau group health insurance program. Pursuant to such provisions, total
payments to the Farm Bureau were approximately $1 million in each of 1994, 1993
and 1992.

    Zenith believes that its relationship with the Farm Bureau is mutually
beneficial. CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life benefit from the use of the
CalFarm name and the Farm Bureau membership lists, and their ability to sell
their products to Farm Bureau members is enhanced by the Farm Bureau
relationship. The Farm Bureau benefits since Farm Bureau membership is required
to obtain automobile, farmowners and health insurance policies (but not life
insurance) from CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, which generates membership
and revenues for the Farm Bureau. If the relationship between CalFarm Insurance
and CalFarm Life and the Farm Bureau were terminated, Zenith believes that it
could retain a significant amount of the business it currently has with Farm
Bureau members because of the quality and tailored features of the products it
offers in what it regards as its "niche market" and the long-term relationships
established between its agents and these policyholders. In the event of such
termination, however, Zenith expects that there would be an increased risk of
nonrenewal of existing insurance coverage as well as a possible adverse effect
on new policy revenues, but it cannot estimate the financial impact of any such
termination. Zenith anticipates the continuation of a close working relationship
with the Farm Bureau and the promotion among its membership of the purchase of
insurance products from CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life as an attractive
feature of Farm Bureau membership.

COMPETITION

    Competition in the insurance business is based upon price, product design
and quality of service. After December 31, 1994, the repeal of minimum rate laws
in California will introduce price as a basis of competition for California
workers' compensation policies. The insurance industry is highly competitive and
Zenith's subsidiaries compete not only with other stock companies, but with
mutual companies, other underwriting organizations and the State Compensation
Insurance Fund. Competition also exists from self-insurance and captive
insurers. Over the years there has been increased competition from
direct-writing companies and, in the property and casualty field, from
affiliates of large life insurance companies. Many companies in competition with
Zenith's subsidiaries have been in business for a much longer time, have a
larger volume of business, are more widely known, and/or possess substantially
greater financial resources.

REGULATION

  STATES' DEPARTMENTS OF INSURANCE

    Insurance companies are primarily subject to regulation and supervision by
the Department of Insurance in the state in which they are domiciled. Zenith's
insurance subsidiaries are primarily subject to regulation and supervision by
the California Department of Insurance, except for Zenith Star which is
primarily subject to regulation and supervision in the State of Texas. These
states have broad regulatory, supervisory and administrative powers. Such powers
relate, among other things, to the granting and revocation of licenses to
transact business; the licensing of agents; the standards of solvency to be met
and maintained; the nature of and limitations on investments; approval of policy
forms and rates; periodic examination of the affairs of insurance companies; and
the form and content of required financial statements.

    In California, Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance and ZNAT Insurance are
required, with respect to their workers' compensation line of business, to
maintain on deposit investments meeting specified standards that have an
aggregate market value equal to the companies' loss

                                       11
<PAGE>
reserves. For this purpose, loss reserves are defined as the current estimate of
reported and unreported claims plus a statutory formula reserve based on a
minimum of 65% of earned premiums for the latest three years.

    CalFarm Life is required to establish, as liabilities, actuarial reserves on
life insurance policies and annuities as prescribed by regulatory authorities.
Statutory reserves are calculated at amounts that are, together with premiums or
annuity considerations to be received on outstanding policies or annuity
contracts, and with interest on such reserves compounded annually at certain
assumed rates, deemed sufficient to meet the policy obligations at death or
maturity or to meet the annuity obligations pursuant to the contract, each in
accordance with mortality tables used when the policy or contract was issued.

    Detailed annual and quarterly reports must be filed by Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries with the California and Texas Departments of Insurance, and with
other states in which they are licensed to transact business, and their
businesses and accounts are subject to periodic examination by such agencies,
usually at three year intervals. Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT
Insurance and CalFarm Life Insurance, were examined by the California Department
of Insurance as of December 31, 1990, and the report on such examination
contained no material findings. The triennial examination of these companies as
of December 31, 1993 is not yet complete. Zenith Star was examined by the Texas
Department of Insurance as of June 30, 1994 and the results of such examination
contained no material findings.

  THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS

    The National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") is a group
formed by state Insurance Commissioners to discuss issues and formulate policy
with respect to regulation, reporting and accounting of insurance companies.
Although the NAIC has no legislative authority and insurance companies are at
all times subject to the laws of their respective domiciliary states, and to a
lesser extent other states in which they conduct business, the NAIC is
influential in determining the form in which such laws are enacted. In
particular, the Model Insurance Laws, Regulations and Guidelines of the NAIC
(the "Model Laws") have been promulgated by the NAIC as a minimum standard by
which state regulatory systems and regulations are measured. Adoption of state
laws which provide for substantially similar regulations to those described in
the Model Laws is a requirement for the accreditation by the NAIC.

    The NAIC has adopted model regulations to require insurers to maintain
minimum levels of capital based on their investments and operations, known as
"risk based capital" ("RBC") requirements. Such requirements were adopted by
California for life insurance companies in 1993 and for property and casualty
insurers in 1994. Zenith does not anticipate any adverse effects of such
requirements because of the strong capitalization of its insurance operations.
At December 31, 1994, adjusted capital under the RBC regulations was 450% and
427% of the RBC control, or required, level of capital under the regulations for
the Zenith Insurance Group (consisting of Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance,
ZNAT Insurance and Zenith Star) and CalFarm Life, respectively.

    The NAIC Insurance Regulatory Information System ("IRIS") was developed to
assist insurance departments in overseeing the financial condition of insurance
companies. Annually, IRIS key financial ratios (11 ratios for property and
casualty companies and 12 ratios for life companies) are calculated from data
supplied in annual statutory statements of insurance companies. These ratios are
reviewed by experienced financial examiners of the NAIC to select those
companies that merit highest priority in the allocation of the regulators'
resources. The 1994 IRIS results for the Zenith Insurance Group showed no
results outside the "normal range" for such ratios, as such range is determined
by the NAIC. At December 31, 1994 two such ratios for CalFarm Life were
considered outside the "normal range", "change in premium" and "change in
reserving ratio", primarily because of the decrease in universal life and
annuity deposits in 1994 as compared to 1993.

    In 1995, the NAIC approved an actuarial guideline for determining minimum
statutory reserves for annuity policies for life insurance companies. This
guideline is effective in 1995 and requires an increase to statutory reserves
which will defer the recognition of statutory profits to future periods. The
guideline allows CalFarm Life to seek approval from the California Department of
Insurance to

                                       12
<PAGE>
increase current reserves over a three year phase-in period. Management is
currently evaluating alternatives to minimize the impact of this guideline on
CalFarm Life. Under a three year phase-in period, preliminary estimates indicate
the maximum increase to statutory reserves will not exceed $10 million each year
and implementation is not expected to adversely affect CalFarm Life's capital
ratios or operations.

  INSURANCE HOLDING COMPANY SYSTEM REGULATORY ACT

    Zenith's insurance subsidiaries are also subject to the California and Texas
Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Acts ("Holding Company Acts"), which
contain certain reporting requirements, including the requirement that such
subsidiaries file information relating to capital structure, ownership,
financial condition and general business operation, and limit dividend payments
and material transactions by Zenith's insurance subsidiaries. See "Liquidity and
Inflation" under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial
Condition and Result of Operations" on pages 32 and 33 of Zenith's 1994 Annual
Report to Stockholders, which is hereby incorporated by reference.

  HEALTH CARE REFORM

    The federal and state executive branches and legislatures and the health
insurance industry continue to debate the level of responsibility of private
carriers to provide universal insurance for all American citizens, including the
uninsured and the uninsurable. It is not possible to predict the impact of this
debate on CalFarm Life's business until definitive legislation, if any, emerges.

  OTHER REGULATION

    Property and casualty insurance coverage is subject to certain regulation as
described herein under "Property and Casualty -- Other, Principally Automobile"
under which Zenith's other property and casualty rates are subject to prior
approval by the California Department of Insurance. The provisions of
Proposition 103 do not apply to Workers' Compensation insurance or Reinsurance,
which combined to account for 63% of Zenith's property and casualty earned
premiums in 1994.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

    Zenith Insurance owns a 120,000 square foot office facility in Woodland
Hills, California which, since November of 1987, has been the corporate home
office of Zenith, Zenith Insurance, and ZNAT Insurance.

    In addition, Zenith Insurance, CalFarm Insurance and CalFarm Life, in the
regular conduct of their business, lease offices in various cities. See Note 9
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Zenith on page 50 of the
1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, which note is hereby incorporated by
reference.

    CalFarm Life owns 25% and CalFarm Insurance owns 75% of the home office
building (and surrounding property of approximately 4 acres) occupied by those
companies in Sacramento, California, consisting of 133,000 square feet.
Approximately 20% of the building is leased to the Farm Bureau and affiliates.
In addition, CalFarm Life leases and occupies, in a nearby building in
Sacramento, California, approximately 30,000 square feet under a lease expiring
January 31, 1997.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    Zenith and its subsidiaries are involved in certain litigation. In the
opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, such litigation in
which Zenith is a defendant is either without merit or the ultimate liability,
if any, will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
condition of Zenith.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    Not applicable.

                                       13
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

    Zenith's Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, is traded on the New York
Stock Exchange. The table below sets forth the high and low sales prices of the
Common Stock for each quarterly period during the last two fiscal years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
QUARTER                                                          1994        1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------    -------     -------
<S>                                                             <C>         <C>
First
  High......................................................     24 1/4      29 1/4
  Low.......................................................     20 3/4      19 5/8
Second
  High......................................................     25 1/2      27 1/4
  Low.......................................................     20 5/8      23 1/4
Third
  High......................................................     27 3/8      29 1/8
  Low.......................................................     22          23 1/2
Fourth
  High......................................................     24 1/2      28 3/4
  Low.......................................................     20 3/4      21 1/4
</TABLE>

    As of March 23, 1995, there were 456 holders of record of Zenith Common
Stock.

    The table below sets forth information with respect to the amount and
frequency of dividends declared on Zenith Common Stock. Based upon Zenith's
financial condition, it is currently expected that cash dividends will continue
to be paid in the future.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        DATE OF DECLARATION             TYPE AND AMOUNT OF        RECORD DATE FOR
          BY ZENITH BOARD                    DIVIDEND                 PAYMENT               PAYMENT DATE
- ------------------------------------  -----------------------  ---------------------  ------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                      <C>                    <C>
December 10, 1992...................  $.25 cash per share      January 29, 1993       February 12, 1993
March 11, 1993......................  $.25 cash per share      April 30, 1993         May 14, 1993
May 26, 1993........................  $.25 cash per share      July 30, 1993          August 13, 1993
September 8, 1993...................  $.25 cash per share      October 29, 1993       November 12, 1993
December 9, 1993....................  $.25 cash per share      January 31, 1994       February 14, 1994
March 17, 1994......................  $.25 cash per share      April 29, 1994         May 13, 1994
May 25, 1994........................  $.25 cash per share      July 29, 1994          August 12, 1994
September 7, 1994...................  $.25 cash per share      October 31, 1994       November 14, 1994
December 6, 1994....................  $.25 cash per share      January 31, 1995       February 15, 1995
</TABLE>

    The Holding Company Acts limit the ability of Zenith Insurance and CalFarm
Life to pay dividends to Zenith, and of CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance and
Zenith Star to pay dividends to Zenith Insurance, by providing that the
California or Texas Department of Insurance must approve any dividend that,
together with all other such dividends paid during the preceding twelve months,
exceeds the greater of: (a) 10% of the paying company's statutory surplus as
regards policyholders at the preceding December 31; or (b) 100% of the net
income (or net investment income in the case of Zenith Star, and in the case of
CalFarm Life, net gain from operations) for the preceding year. In addition, any
such dividend must be paid from policyholders' surplus attributable to
accumulated earnings. During 1994, Zenith Insurance paid dividends of
$15,000,000 to Zenith. During 1995, Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Life will be
able to pay $25,643,000 and $9,512,000, respectively, in dividends to Zenith
without prior approval. In addition, in 1995, CalFarm Insurance, ZNAT Insurance
and Zenith Star, together, can pay $7,328,000 to Zenith Insurance which would be
available to Zenith in 1996.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

    The five-year summary of selected financial information and accompanying
notes, included in Zenith's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders on pages 34 and
35, is hereby incorporated by reference.

                                       14
<PAGE>
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL CONDITION
        AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

    "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial Condition
and Results of Operations," included in Zenith's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders on pages 25 to 33 is hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

    Reference is made to pages 36 and 37 of Zenith's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders for information setting forth the loss and loss adjustment expense
liability development for 1984 through 1994 and page 8 of Zenith's 1994 Annual
Report to Stockholders for incurred loss and loss adjustment expense development
for 1989 through 1994, and to the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto on pages 38 to 54 of Zenith's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, all of
which are hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

    None.

                                       15
<PAGE>
                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

    The information set forth under the captions "Compliance with Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act" and "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement in
connection with Zenith's 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy
Statement") is hereby incorporated by reference.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  OFFICER
NAME                 AGE                    POSITION                     TERM      SINCE
- -----------------    ---    ----------------------------------------    ------    -------
<S>                  <C>    <C>                                         <C>       <C>
Stanley R. Zax       57     Chairman of the Board, President (1)        Annual      1977
Fredricka Taubitz    51     Executive Vice President and                Annual      1985
                            Chief Financial Officer (1)
James P. Ross        48     Senior Vice President and Actuary (1)       Annual      1978
John J. Tickner      56     Senior Vice President and Secretary (1)     Annual      1985
Keith E. Trotman     58     Senior Vice President (2)                   Annual      1988
Philip R. Hunt       52     Senior Vice President (2)                   Annual      1988
<FN>
- ------------------------
(1) Officer of Zenith and subsidiaries.
(2) Officer of subsidiaries only.
</TABLE>

    Each of the executive officers has, for more than five years, occupied an
executive position with Zenith or a subsidiary of Zenith.

    There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and
there are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of them were
selected as officers.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

    The information set forth under the headings "Directors' Compensation,"
"Summary Compensation Table," "Option/SAR Grants in Last Fiscal Year," and
"Aggregated Option/SAR Exercises in Last Fiscal Year And Fiscal Year End
Option/SAR Values," "Employment Agreements and Termination of Employment and
Change in Control Arrangements," and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation" in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by
reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

    The information set forth under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated
by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

    The information set forth in footnote 3 to the table set forth under the
caption "Election of Directors" and under the heading, "Investment in Delta
Life" in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.

                                       16
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

    (a) Documents filed as part of the report:

         1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

               Independent Accountant's Report

               Financial Statements and notes thereto incorporated by reference
               from the 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders in Item 8 of Part II
               above:

               Consolidated Financial Statements of Zenith National Insurance
               Corp. and Subsidiaries:

                     Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 1994 and 1993

                     Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended
                     December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

                     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended
                     December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

                     Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the
                     years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

               Table setting forth incurred loss and loss adjustment expense
               development on a statutory basis on page 8 of the 1994 Annual
               Report to Stockholders

         2.FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

           Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

               As of December 31, 1994.

               I -- Summary of Investments -- Other Than Investments in Related
               Parties

               For the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

               III -- Supplementary Insurance Information

               IV -- Reinsurance

           Zenith National Insurance Corp.

               As of December 31, 1994 and 1993 and for the years ended December
               31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

               II -- Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

        Property and Casualty Loss Developments on pages 36 and 37 and on page 8
        of the 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders.

        Schedules other than those listed above are omitted since they are not
        applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth
        therein is included in the consolidated financial statements, or in
        notes thereto.

                                       17
<PAGE>
       3. EXHIBITS

   The Exhibits listed below are filed in a separate Exhibit Volume to this
   Report.

<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
           3.1     Certificate of Incorporation of Zenith as in effect immediately prior to November 22,
                   1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to Zenith's Amendment on Form 8,
                   date of amendment October 10, 1985, to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of
                   report July 26, 1985). Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of
                   Zenith, effective November 22, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
                   Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report November 22, 1985).
           3.2     By-Laws of Zenith, as currently in effect. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   3.2 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988.)
           4.1     Indenture dated as of May 1, 1992 entered into between Zenith and Norwest Bank
                   Minnesota, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which Zenith issued its 9%
                   Senior Notes due May 1, 2002. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to Zenith's
                   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1992.)
           10.1    Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1981, among Reliance Insurance Company,
                   Zenith, the Selling Stockholders referred to therein, and Eugene V. Klein, Daniel
                   Schwartz and Harvey L. Silbert as agents for the Selling Stockholders. (Incorporated
                   herein by reference to the exhibit to the Schedule 13D filed by Reliance Financial
                   Services Corporation on March 9, 1981 with respect to the common stock of Zenith).
           10.2    Asset and Liability Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 4, 1985, between Zenith
                   Insurance and the Insurance Commissioner of the State of California (the
                   "Commissioner"). (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to Zenith's Current
                   Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
           10.3    Memorandum and Agreement of Closing dated as of July 26, 1985, among Zenith Insurance,
                   Zenith and the Commissioner (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
                   Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985), together with
                   the following exhibits:
                   (a) Exhibit A -- Grant Deed, dated July 25, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor of Zenith
                       Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual
                       Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
                   (b) Exhibit B -- Bill of Sale, dated as of July 26, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor
                       of Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's
                       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
                   (c) Exhibit C -- Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities, dated as of July
                       26, 1985, between the Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by
                       reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                       December 31, 1985).
                   (d) Exhibit D -- Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985, between the
                       Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 28.3
                       to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
                   (e) Exhibit E -- First Assignment Separate from Certificate, dated July 26, 1985, by the
                       Commissioner in favor of Zenith. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6
                       to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
                   (f)  Exhibit F -- Engagement and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985,
                        between Zenith Insurance and the Commissioner. (Incorporated herein by reference to
                        Exhibit 28.2 to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
           *10.4   Zenith's Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as in effect immediately prior to December 6,
                   1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's Registration Statement on Form S-8
                   (SEC File No. 2-97962)).
           *10.5   Zenith's Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, adopted by Zenith's Board
                   of Directors on December 6, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
                   Registration Statement on Form S-8
                   (SEC File No. 33-8948)).
           *10.6   Employment Agreement, dated February 8, 1995, between Zenith and Fredricka Taubitz.
           *10.7   Employment Agreement, dated February 16, 1995, between Zenith and John J. Tickner.
           *10.8   Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 1995, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
           *10.9   Stock Option Agreement, dated as of May 19, 1987, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
                   10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987).
           10.11   Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 1994 between Zenith and Sanwa Bank of
                   California.
           10.12   Revolving Note Agreement, dated September 30, 1994, between Zenith and City National
                   Bank.
           10.13   Agreement of Reinsurance #6966 between Zenith Insurance Company and General Reinsurance
                   Corporation, dated as of December 21, 1984. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   10.13 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.14   Workers' Compensation and Employers' Liability Reinsurance Agreement between Zenith
                   Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance Corporation, effective January 1, 1986.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.15   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7276 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of February 5, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.16   Agreement of Reinsurance No. B226 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.16 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.17   Agreement of Reinsurance No. B197-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.17 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
           10.18   Agreement of Reinsurance No. B196-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
                   Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.18 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.19   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7832 between General Reinsurance Corporation and CalFarm
                   Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
           10.20   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 623-0005 between American Re-Insurance Company and CalFarm
                   Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
           10.21   Agreement of Reinsurance No. 0079460 between Employers Reinsurance Corporation and
                   CalFarm Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
                   (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K
                   for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
           10.22   Life, Disability and Accidental Death Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
                   Life Insurance Company and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, effective
                   June 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Zenith's Annual
                   Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.23   Life, Disability and Accidental Death Facultive Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
                   Insurance Company and Occidental Life Insurance Company of California, effective April
                   1, 1971. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Zenith's Annual Report on
                   Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
           10.24   Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and American United Life
                   Insurance Company, effective August 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 10.22 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
                   1991.)
           10.25   Excess Major Medical Reinsurance Agreement (No. 0076820/Specific and Aggregate
                   Retentions) between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance
                   Corporation, effective January 1, 1993. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   10.27 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
           10.26   Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
                   American Reassurance Company, effective June 1, 1991. (Incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.24 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                   1992.)
           10.27   Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
                   American Reassurance Company, effective February 21, 1991. (Incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                   December 31, 1992.)
           10.28   Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and
                   Gerling Global Life Insurance Company, effective March 1, 1992. (Incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                   December 31, 1992.)
</TABLE>

                                       20
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>        <C>     <C>
           11      Computation of Earnings Per Share for the three (3) years ended
                   December 31, 1994
           13      Zenith's Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended
                   December 31, 1994, but only to the extent such report is expressly incorporated by
                   reference herein, and such report is not otherwise to be deemed "filed" as a part of
                   this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
           21      Subsidiaries of Zenith.
           23      Consent of Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., dated March 24, 1995. (Incorporated herein by
                   reference to page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
           27      Financial Data Schedule
           28      Property and Casualty Loss Statistics.
           99.1    Information required by rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the
                   year ended December 31, 1994 for the Zenith Investment Partnership 401(k) Plan (to be
                   filed by amendment on Form 10-K/A within 180 days of December 31, 1994).
<FN>
- ------------------------
*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
</TABLE>

   (b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

        None

                                       21
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 24, 1995.

                                          ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.

                                          By            STANLEY R. ZAX
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       Stanley R. Zax
                                            Chairman of the Board and President

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated, on March 24, 1995.

<TABLE>
<C>                                             <S>
                STANLEY R. ZAX                  Chairman of the Board, President and
- ---------------------------------------------   Director (Principal Executive Officer)
                Stanley R. Zax

               GEORGE E. BELLO                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               George E. Bello

               MAX M. KAMPELMAN                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               Max M. Kampelman

                JACK M. OSTROW                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------
                Jack M. Ostrow

             WILLIAM S. SESSIONS                Director
- ---------------------------------------------
             William S. Sessions

              HARVEY L. SILBERT                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
              Harvey L. Silbert

             ROBERT M. STEINBERG                Director
- ---------------------------------------------
             Robert M. Steinberg

              SAUL P. STEINBERG                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
              Saul P. Steinberg

               GERALD TSAI, JR.                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               Gerald Tsai, Jr.

              FREDRICKA TAUBITZ                 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
- ---------------------------------------------   Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting
              Fredricka Taubitz                 Officer)
</TABLE>

                                       22
<PAGE>
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on
Form S-8 (File Nos. 33-8948 and 33-22219) of our report dated February 1, 1995
on our audits of the consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedules of Zenith National Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
1994 and 1993, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                          COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.

Los Angeles, California
March 24, 1995

                                      F-1
<PAGE>
                        INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT'S REPORT

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
  of Zenith National Insurance Corp.

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Zenith National
Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, which financial
statements are included on pages 38 through 53 of the Company's 1994 Annual
Report to Stockholders and incorporated by reference herein. We have also
audited the financial statement schedules listed in the index on page 17 of this
Form 10-K. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Zenith National
Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. In addition, in our opinion, the financial
statement schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects,
the information required to be included therein.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
changed its method of accounting for investments as of December 31, 1993 and its
method of accounting for income taxes in 1992.

                                          COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.

Los Angeles, California
February 1, 1995

                                      F-2
<PAGE>
                    SCHEDULE I -- SUMMARY OF INVESTMENTS --
                   OTHER THAN INVESTMENTS IN RELATED PARTIES
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                               DECEMBER 31, 1994

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     COLUMN D
                                                                     COLUMN C     ---------------
                     COLUMN A                          COLUMN B     ----------    AMOUNT AT WHICH
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------       FAIR        SHOWN IN THE
                TYPE OF INVESTMENT                       COST         VALUE        BALANCE SHEET
- --------------------------------------------------    ----------    ----------    ---------------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>
Fixed maturities
  Bonds:
    United States Government and government
      agencies and authorities....................    $  569,519    $  534,075    $      537,283
    Public utilities..............................        93,473        88,962            91,531
    Industrial and miscellaneous..................       593,212       573,162           577,410
  Redeemable preferred stocks.....................        18,918        18,405            18,405
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
        Total fixed maturities....................     1,275,122     1,214,604         1,224,629
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
Equity securities
  Floating rate preferred stocks..................        19,618        18,506            18,506
  Convertible and nonredeemable preferred
    stocks........................................         8,684         8,153             8,153
  Common stocks, industrial.......................        19,628        19,355            19,355
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
        Total equity securities...................        47,930        46,014            46,014
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
Mortgage loans on real estate.....................         3,503         3,503             3,503
Policy loans......................................        41,753        41,753            41,753
Short-term investments............................       127,594       127,594           127,594
Other investments.................................        19,496        19,496            19,496
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
        Total investments.........................    $1,515,398    $1,452,964    $    1,462,989
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
                                                      ----------    ----------    ---------------
</TABLE>

                                      F-3
<PAGE>
          SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                                     ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                              ----------------------------
                                                                                                  1994            1993
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
<S>                                                                                           <C>             <C>
Investments
  Common stocks, at market (cost $606,000, 1994 and $607,000, 1993).......................    $    424,000    $    637,000
  Short-term investments (at cost which approximates market)..............................       2,129,000      14,996,000
Cash......................................................................................       2,334,000       1,869,000
Investment in subsidiaries (Note A).......................................................     373,323,000     405,982,000
Federal income taxes receivable (Note A)..................................................         764,000
Other assets..............................................................................      14,974,000      13,716,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total assets......................................................................    $393,948,000    $437,200,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                                                              ------------    ------------

                                                       LIABILITIES
Senior notes payable, less unamortized discount of $889,000, 1994 and $1,011,000, 1993....    $ 74,111,000    $ 73,989,000
Cash dividends payable to stockholders....................................................       4,736,000       4,711,000
Federal income taxes payable..............................................................                       3,925,000
Other liabilities.........................................................................       5,241,000       5,110,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total liabilities.................................................................      84,088,000      87,735,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------

                                                   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock, $1 par--shares authorized 1,000,000; issued and outstanding, none in 1994
  and 1993................................................................................
Common stock, $1 par--shares authorized 50,000,000; issued 24,034,000, outstanding
  18,950,000, 1994; issued 23,910,000, outstanding 18,841,000, 1993.......................      24,034,000      23,910,000
Additional paid-in capital................................................................     251,363,000     249,092,000
Retained earnings.........................................................................     167,025,000     148,043,000
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments net of $3,969,000 deferred tax
  benefit in 1994 and $7,093,000 deferred tax expense in 1993.............................     (47,460,000)     13,176,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                                                               394,962,000     434,221,000
Less treasury stock at cost (5,084,000 shares, 1994 and 5,069,000 shares, 1993)...........     (85,102,000)    (84,756,000)
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total stockholders' equity........................................................     309,860,000     349,465,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity........................................    $393,948,000    $437,200,000
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
                                                                                              ------------    ------------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to condensed financial information.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>
          SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                    ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                        1994            1993             1992
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>              <C>
Investment income, net of expenses of $7,000, 1994, $51,000, 1993 and $51,000,
 1992...........................................................................    $    457,000    $     492,000    $     852,000
Realized gains (losses) on investments..........................................          11,000          895,000       (1,447,000)
Lawsuit settlement..............................................................       1,910,000        7,561,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Total revenue...................................................................       2,378,000        8,948,000         (595,000)
Operating expense...............................................................       4,059,000        3,478,000        3,222,000
Interest expense................................................................       5,937,000        6,658,000        6,472,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Loss from operations before federal income tax benefit, equity in net income of
  subsidiaries, extraordinary item and cumulative effect of accounting change...      (7,618,000)      (1,188,000)     (10,289,000)
Federal income tax benefit......................................................       2,678,000          516,000        3,128,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Loss from operations before equity in net income of subsidiaries, extraordinary
  item and cumulative effect of accounting change...............................      (4,940,000)        (672,000)      (7,161,000)
Extraordinary item -- debt retirement cost, net of tax benefit of $698,000......                                        (1,355,000)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes......................                                          (187,000)
Equity in net income of subsidiaries (Note A)...................................      42,840,000       53,872,000       37,403,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
Net income......................................................................    $ 37,900,000    $  53,200,000    $  28,700,000
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
                                                                                    ------------    -------------    -------------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to condensed financial information.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
          SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                            STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                    -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                        1994             1993             1992
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Investment income received....................................................    $     477,000    $     485,000    $     846,000
  Recovery from lawsuit settlement..............................................        6,036,000        4,094,000
  Operating expenses paid.......................................................       (4,099,000)      (3,309,000)      (3,674,000)
  Interest paid.................................................................       (5,842,000)      (6,552,000)      (6,073,000)
  Income taxes (paid) refunded..................................................       (1,471,000)       8,524,000        1,206,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flows from operating activities....................................       (4,899,000)       3,242,000       (7,695,000)
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchases of investments:
    Other debt and equity securities and other investments......................                                         (2,597,000)
  Proceeds from sales of investments:
    Other debt and equity securities and other investments......................                         4,243,000        1,219,000
  Net change in short-term investments..........................................       12,867,000       (7,264,000)      (7,716,000)
  Cash received from note receivable............................................                         2,300,000          500,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flows from investing activities....................................       12,867,000         (721,000)      (8,594,000)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Cash received from bank line of credit........................................        2,100,000        1,000,000        6,350,000
  Cash paid on bank line of credit..............................................       (2,100,000)      (1,000,000)     (40,150,000)
  Cash dividends paid to common stockholders....................................      (18,894,000)     (19,018,000)     (18,927,000)
  Retirement of Senior Notes payable............................................                                        (17,740,000)
  Net proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes payable 2002.......................                                         73,787,000
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options.......................................        2,093,000        6,261,000        4,526,000
  Purchase of treasury shares...................................................         (346,000)      (7,367,000)      (5,686,000)
  Dividends received from subsidiaries..........................................       15,000,000       25,000,000       15,000,000
  Capital contribution to subsidiary............................................                          (250,000)
  Loan to subsidiary............................................................       (5,356,000)      (7,538,000)
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flows from financing activities....................................       (7,503,000)      (2,912,000)      17,160,000
Net increase (decrease) in cash.................................................          465,000         (391,000)         871,000
Cash at beginning of year.......................................................        1,869,000        2,260,000        1,389,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
Cash at end of year.............................................................    $   2,334,000    $   1,869,000    $   2,260,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income....................................................................    $  37,900,000    $  53,200,000    $  28,700,000
  Net income of subsidiaries....................................................      (42,840,000)     (53,872,000)     (37,403,000)
  Realized (gains)/losses on investments........................................          (11,000)        (895,000)       1,447,000
  Amortization of discount and issue costs on senior notes......................          122,000          121,000        1,822,000
  Federal income taxes..........................................................       (4,149,000)       8,007,000       (2,433,000)
  Decrease (increase) in receivable from lawsuit settlement.....................        3,467,000       (3,467,000)
  Other.........................................................................          612,000          148,000          172,000
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
    Net cash flow from operating activities.....................................    $  (4,899,000)   $   3,242,000    $  (7,695,000)
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
                                                                                    -------------    -------------    -------------
</TABLE>

                 See notes to condensed financial information.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
          SCHEDULE II -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    The accompanying condensed financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of
Zenith National Insurance Corp. (Zenith) and subsidiaries.

A.  Investment In Subsidiaries:

        Zenith owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of the outstanding stock of
    Zenith Insurance Company, CalFarm Insurance Company, ZNAT Insurance Company,
    Zenith Star Insurance Company, CalFarm Life Insurance Company and
    Perma-Bilt, a Nevada Corporation. These investments are included in the
    financial statements on the equity basis of accounting. Temporary advances
    in the ordinary course of business are included in other assets. The excess
    of cost over net assets acquired of $2,009,000 represents the unamortized
    excess of cost over underlying net tangible assets of companies acquired
    prior to 1970, which is considered to have continuing value.

        Zenith files a consolidated federal income tax return. The equity in the
    income of subsidiaries of $42,840,000 in 1994, $53,872,000 in 1993 and
    $37,403,000 in 1992 is net of a provision for federal income tax expense of
    $22,349,000 in 1994, $20,795,000 in 1993 and $3,498,000 in 1992. Zenith has
    formulated tax allocation procedures with its subsidiaries and the 1994,
    1993 and 1992 condensed financial information reflect Zenith's portion of
    the consolidated taxes.

        Zenith Insurance Company paid dividends to Zenith of $15,000,000 in
    1994, $25,000,000 in 1993 and $15,000,000 in 1992. CalFarm Insurance Company
    paid a dividend of $5,000,000 to Zenith Insurance Company in 1992.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
              SCHEDULE III -- SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  COLUMN C
                                                -------------
                                   COLUMN B     FUTURE POLICY                    COLUMN E
                                 ------------     BENEFITS,                    ------------                   COLUMN G
                                   DEFERRED        LOSSES,        COLUMN D     OTHER POLICY     COLUMN F     -----------
           COLUMN A                 POLICY         CLAIMS       ------------    CLAIMS AND    ------------       NET
- ------------------------------   ACQUISITION      AND LOSS        UNEARNED       BENEFITS       PREMIUM      INVESTMENT
           SEGMENT                  COSTS         EXPENSES        PREMIUMS       PAYABLE        REVENUE        INCOME
- ------------------------------   ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
<S>                              <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
1994
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $  4,430,000   $264,665,000    $34,123,000                   $216,030,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     12,598,000     95,951,000     72,645,000                    149,757,000
  Reinsurance.................      1,478,000     96,430,000     10,491,000                     36,138,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                   18,506,000    457,046,000    117,259,000                    401,925,000   $37,573,000
Health and Life...............     90,553,000    159,252,000      4,608,000    $ 6,054,000      61,270,000    60,012,000
Reinsurance ceded.............                    47,923,000
Registrant....................                                                                                   457,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
  Total.......................   $109,059,000   $664,221,000    $121,867,000   $ 6,054,000    $463,195,000   $98,042,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
1993
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $  4,264,000   $286,452,000    $32,109,000                   $244,661,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     11,704,000     87,418,000     68,182,000                    137,945,000
  Reinsurance.................      1,048,000     94,848,000      6,889,000                     23,295,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                   17,016,000    468,718,000    107,180,000                    405,901,000   $36,643,000
Health and Life...............     91,400,000    153,771,000      4,716,000    $ 5,934,000      63,921,000    55,339,000
Reinsurance ceded.............                    45,282,000
Registrant....................                                                                                   492,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
  Total.......................   $108,416,000   $667,771,000    $111,896,000   $ 5,934,000    $469,822,000   $92,474,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
1992
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $  4,647,000   $266,092,000    $30,853,000                   $221,652,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     10,460,000     90,262,000     56,663,000                    137,392,000
  Reinsurance.................        620,000    107,795,000      3,378,000                     18,382,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                   15,727,000    464,149,000     90,894,000                    377,426,000   $42,276,000
Health and Life...............     75,292,000    138,000,000      5,502,000    $ 7,041,000      64,448,000    53,486,000
Reinsurance ceded.............                    33,387,000      5,403,000
Registrant....................                                                                                   852,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
  Total.......................   $ 91,019,000   $635,536,000    $101,799,000   $ 7,041,000    $441,874,000   $96,614,000
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------
                                 ------------   -------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   -----------

<CAPTION>

                                   COLUMN H        COLUMN I
                                 -------------   ------------
                                   BENEFITS,     AMORTIZATION    COLUMN J
                                    CLAIMS,      OF DEFERRED    -----------     COLUMN K
           COLUMN A               LOSSES AND        POLICY         OTHER      ------------
- ------------------------------    SETTLEMENT     ACQUISITION     OPERATING      PREMIUMS
           SEGMENT                 EXPENSES         COSTS        EXPENSES       WRITTEN
- ------------------------------   -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
<S>                              <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>
1994
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $129,352,000    $ 32,336,000   $24,779,000   $218,044,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........    108,534,000      28,727,000    19,436,000    154,187,000
  Reinsurance.................     25,571,000       6,135,000       110,000     39,674,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                  263,457,000      67,198,000    44,325,000    411,905,000
Health and Life...............     80,104,000       7,917,000    18,402,000
Reinsurance ceded.............
Registrant....................                                    4,059,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
  Total.......................   $343,561,000    $ 75,115,000   $66,786,000   $411,905,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
1993
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $164,815,000    $ 33,317,000   $19,736,000   $245,917,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     96,715,000      26,598,000    20,336,000    143,223,000
  Reinsurance.................     13,678,000       3,384,000       896,000     26,807,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                  275,208,000      63,299,000    40,968,000    415,947,000
Health and Life...............     84,448,000       2,202,000    24,267,000
Reinsurance ceded.............
Registrant....................                                    3,478,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
  Total.......................   $359,656,000    $ 65,501,000   $68,713,000   $415,947,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
1992
- ------------------------------
Property and Casualty
  Workers' compensation.......   $166,065,000    $ 33,868,000   $20,260,000   $228,209,000
  Automobile and other
    property/casualty.........     96,224,000      26,231,000    20,061,000    136,077,000
  Reinsurance.................     27,443,000       3,674,000     1,267,000     13,892,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                  289,732,000      63,773,000    41,588,000    378,178,000
Health and Life...............     85,493,000       (494,000)    18,898,000
Reinsurance ceded.............
Registrant....................                                    3,222,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
  Total.......................   $375,225,000    $ 63,279,000   $63,708,000   $378,178,000
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
                                 -------------   ------------   -----------   ------------
</TABLE>

                                      F-8
<PAGE>
                           SCHEDULE IV -- REINSURANCE
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                          COLUMN F
                                                                             COLUMN C      COLUMN D                      ----------
                                                             COLUMN B      ------------   -----------                    PERCENTAGE
                                                          --------------     CEDED TO       ASSUMED        COLUMN E      OF AMOUNT
                                                              GROSS           OTHER       FROM OTHER    --------------    ASSUMED
                       COLUMN A                               AMOUNT        COMPANIES      COMPANIES      NET AMOUNT       TO NET
- -------------------------------------------------------   --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>            <C>           <C>              <C>
DECEMBER 31, 1994
Life insurance in force................................   $2,864,095,000   $438,775,000                 $2,425,320,000
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
Premiums earned
  Life insurance.......................................   $   24,647,000   $    280,000                 $   24,367,000
  Accident and health insurance........................       37,393,000        490,000                     36,903,000
  Property and casualty insurance......................      385,169,000     21,031,000    37,787,000      401,925,000        9.4%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
      Total premiums earned............................   $  447,209,000   $ 21,801,000   $37,787,000   $  463,195,000        8.2%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
DECEMBER 31, 1993
Life insurance in force................................   $2,976,178,000   $453,025,000                 $2,523,153,000
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
Premiums earned
  Life insurance.......................................   $   22,707,000   $    156,000                 $   22,551,000
  Accident and health insurance........................       42,667,000      1,297,000                     41,370,000
  Property and casualty insurance......................      400,811,000     21,004,000   $26,094,000      405,901,000        6.4%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
      Total premiums earned............................   $  466,185,000   $ 22,457,000   $26,094,000   $  469,822,000        5.6%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
DECEMBER 31, 1992
Life insurance in force................................   $2,951,649,000   $287,980,000                 $2,663,669,000
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
                                                          --------------   ------------                 --------------
Premiums earned
  Life insurance.......................................   $   20,891,000   $    574,000                 $   20,317,000
  Accident and health insurance........................       44,935,000        804,000                     44,131,000
  Property and casualty insurance......................      378,922,000     20,853,000   $19,357,000      377,426,000        5.1%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
      Total premiums earned............................   $  444,748,000   $ 22,231,000   $19,357,000   $  441,874,000        4.4%
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
                                                          --------------   ------------   -----------   --------------   ----------
</TABLE>

                                      F-9
<PAGE>
                                                                       [LOGO]

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                            ------------------------

                                    EXHIBITS
                                       TO
                                   FORM 10-K

              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994

                            ------------------------

                        ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT LIST

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
  3.1      Certificate of Incorporation of Zenith as in effect immediately prior to November 22,
           1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to Zenith's Amendment on Form 8,
           date of amendment October 10, 1985, to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of
           report July 26, 1985). Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of
           Zenith, effective November 22, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
           Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report November 22, 1985).
  3.2      By-Laws of Zenith, as currently in effect. (Incorporated herein by reference to
           Exhibit 3.2 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
           1988.)
  4.1      Indenture dated as of May 1, 1992 entered into between Zenith and Norwest Bank
           Minnesota, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which Zenith issued its 9%
           Senior Notes due May 1, 2002. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to
           Zenith's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1992.)
 10.1      Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1981, among Reliance Insurance Company,
           Zenith, the Selling Stockholders referred to therein, and Eugene V. Klein, Daniel
           Schwartz and Harvey L. Silbert as agents for the Selling Stockholders. (Incorporated
           herein by reference to the exhibit to the Schedule 13D filed by Reliance Financial
           Services Corporation on March 9, 1981 with respect to the common stock of Zenith).
 10.2      Asset and Liability Assumption Agreement, dated as of June 4, 1985, between Zenith
           Insurance and the Insurance Commissioner of the State of California (the
           "Commissioner"). (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to Zenith's Current
           Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
 10.3      Memorandum and Agreement of Closing dated as of July 26, 1985, among Zenith Insurance,
           Zenith and the Commissioner (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
           Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985), together
           with the following exhibits:
           (a) Exhibit A -- Grant Deed, dated July 25, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor of
               Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to
              Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
               1985).
           (b) Exhibit B -- Bill of Sale, dated as of July 26, 1985, by the Commissioner in favor
               of Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
           (c) Exhibit C -- Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities, dated as of July
               26, 1985, between the Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
               ended December 31, 1985).
           (d) Exhibit D -- Noncompetition Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985, between the
               Commissioner and Zenith Insurance. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
               28.3 to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26, 1985).
           (e) Exhibit E -- First Assignment Separate from Certificate, dated July 26, 1985, by
               the Commissioner in favor of Zenith. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
               10.6 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985).
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
           (f)  Exhibit F -- Engagement and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 26, 1985,
                between Zenith Insurance and the Commissioner. (Incorporated herein by reference
                to Exhibit 28.2 to Zenith's Current Report on Form 8-K, date of report July 26,
                1985).
*10.4      Zenith's Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as in effect immediately prior to December
           6, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's Registration Statement on Form
           S-8 (SEC File No. 2-97962)).
*10.5      Zenith's Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, adopted by Zenith's
           Board of Directors on December 6, 1985. (Incorporated herein by reference to Zenith's
           Registration Statement on Form S-8
           (SEC File No. 33-8948)).
*10.6      Employment Agreement, dated February 8, 1995, between Zenith and Fredricka Taubitz.
*10.7      Employment Agreement, dated February 16, 1995, between Zenith and John J. Tickner.
*10.8      Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 1995, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
*10.9      Stock Option Agreement, dated as of May 19, 1987, between Zenith and Stanley R. Zax.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987).
 10.10     Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 1994 between Zenith and Sanwa Bank of
           California.
 10.11     Revolving Note Agreement, dated September 30, 1994, between Zenith and City National
           Bank.
 10.12     Agreement of Reinsurance #6966 between Zenith Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of December 21, 1984. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.13     Workers' Compensation and Employers' Liability Reinsurance Agreement between Zenith
           Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance Corporation, effective January 1, 1986.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
 10.14     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7276 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of February 5, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.15     Agreement of Reinsurance No. B226 between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.16     Agreement of Reinsurance No. B197-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
 10.17     Agreement of Reinsurance No. B196-A between CalFarm Insurance Company and General
           Reinsurance Corporation, dated as of January 13, 1988. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended
           December 31, 1991.)
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
 10.18     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 7832 between General Reinsurance Corporation and CalFarm
           Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
 10.19     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 623-0005 between American Re-Insurance Company and
           CalFarm Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
 10.20     Agreement of Reinsurance No. 0079460 between Employers Reinsurance Corporation and
           CalFarm Insurance, Zenith Insurance and ZNAT Insurance, effective September 1, 1993.
           (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form
           10K for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
 10.21     Life, Disability and Accidental Death Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
           Life Insurance Company and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company, effective
           June 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Zenith's Annual
           Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
 10.22     Life, Disability and Accidental Death Facultive Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm
           Insurance Company and Occidental Life Insurance Company of California, effective April
           1, 1971. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Zenith's Annual Report
           on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1991.)
 10.23     Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and American United Life
           Insurance Company, effective August 1, 1983. (Incorporated herein by reference to
           Exhibit 10.22 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31,
           1991.)
 10.24     Excess Major Medical Reinsurance Agreement (No. 0076820/Specific and Aggregate
           Retentions) between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and Employers Reinsurance
           Corporation, effective January 1, 1993. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
           10.27 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 1993.)
 10.25     Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
           American Reassurance Company, effective June 1, 1991. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1992.)
 10.26     Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and North
           American Reassurance Company, effective February 21, 1991. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1992.)
 10.27     Yearly Renewable Term Reinsurance Agreement between CalFarm Life Insurance Company and
           Gerling Global Life Insurance Company, effective March 1, 1992. (Incorporated herein
           by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Zenith's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 1992.)
 11        Computation of Earnings Per Share for the three (3) years ended
           December 31, 1994.
 13        Zenith's Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 1994, but only
           to the extent such report is expressly incorporated by reference herein, and such
           report is not otherwise to be deemed "filed" as a part of this Annual Report on Form
           10-K.
 21        Subsidiaries of Zenith.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                                         DESCRIPTION
- ---------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <C>                                                                                     <C>
 23        Consent of Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., dated March 24, 1995. (Incorporated herein by
           reference to page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
 27        Financial Data Schedule.
 28        Property and Casualty Loss Statistics.
 99.1      Information required by rule 15d-21 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the
           year ended December 31, 1994 for the Zenith Investment Partnership 401(k) Plan (to be
           filed by amendment on Form 10-K/A within 180 days of December 31, 1994).
<FN>
- ------------------------
*Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                  Execution Copy


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into effective as of the
6th day of December, 1994 ("Effective Date"), on this 8th day of February, 1995
between ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as "Company"), and FREDRICKA TAUBITZ (hereinafter referred to as
"Employee").

     WHEREAS, Employee is presently employed as Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Zenith National Insurance Corp. pursuant to a written
Employment Agreement originally effective as of October 1, 1985 for a term of
five years, which agreement was extended and modified pursuant to a written
Employment Agreement dated as of February 28, 1990 for a term of five years
expiring on October 1, 1995; and

     WHEREAS, Company and Employee deem it in their respective best interests to
extend the term of said Employment Agreement at the present time and modify
certain other provisions thereof;

     NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows:

     1.   EMPLOYMENT.
               (a)  Subject to earlier termination as provided herein, the
Employee is employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company from the Effective Date through the Term of this Agreement (as
defined below).  In this capacity the Employee shall devote her full business
time and energy to the business, affairs and interests of the Company and
matters related thereto.  During the Term of the Agreement, the Employee shall
have no other employment other than with a subsidiary of the Company, except
with the prior written approval of the Board of Directors of the Company (the
"Board").  The Employee shall have such duties and responsibilities and such
executive power and authority as is customary for an officer in her position and
as shall be allocated to her in such capacity and such other duties and
responsibilities as the Board or the President of the Company shall designate
that are not inconsistent with the Employee's position with the Company.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Employee shall have such duties and
responsibilities with respect to any subsidiaries of the Company as may be
requested by the Board, including (without limitation) as Executive Vice
President of Zenith Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Employee shall have the
right to serve in any capacity with civic, educational, charitable and
professional organizations and to make and

<PAGE>

manage personal business investments that do not violate the noncompetition
provisions of Section 11 of this Agreement so long as such activities do not
interfere with the discharge of her duties to the Company hereunder.

               (b)  During her employment hereunder, the Employee shall report
to the Company's Chief Executive Officer.

               (c)  The Company agrees to reappoint the Employee to the board of
directors of CalFarm Insurance Company ("CalFarm"), which appointment shall
continue throughout the Employee's period of employment hereunder; provided,
however, that the Company's obligation to make such appointment shall expire on
the date the Company ceases to own a controlling interest in CalFarm.  If
elected, the Employee agrees to serve  on the board of CalFarm so long as the
Company owns a controlling interest in CalFarm.

               (d)  The Employee shall not be required to relocate outside of
Southern California in order to perform the services hereunder, without the
Employee's consent, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of
her duties hereunder.

     2.   TERM.  This Agreement shall be in effect for a term commencing on the
Effective Date and expiring on  October 1, 1998 ("Expiration Date"), and such
period shall be referred to herein as the "Term" of this Agreement, and such
Term shall not be affected by a termination of employment as elsewhere provided
herein.

     3.   SALARY.  Effective as of the Effective Date, Employee shall be paid
the sum of  Three Hundred and Sixty-Five Thousand Dollars per year,  subject to
such other increases as the Board of Directors of Company may from time to time
determine ("Base Salary").

     4.   BONUSES.  In addition to the Base Salary, Employee shall  be a
participant in the Executive Officers Bonus Plan of the Company.

     5.   DEFERRED COMPENSATION.  In advance of the annual period for which
earned, the Employee shall have the right to defer all or any portion of her
salary and bonus to a specified date or event.  Any such deferred compensation
shall not be forfeitable and shall bear interest at a rate to be determined by
the Board.  Any election to defer compensation shall be disregarded, and any
compensation so deferred shall be added back, in the calculation of those of
Employee's rights and benefits under this Agreement that are based upon
Employee's salary or bonus or the sum thereof.

     6.   PARTICIPATION IN RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  During her
employment hereunder, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in any plan

                                        2

<PAGE>

of the Company relating to stock options, stock purchases, pension, thrift,
profit sharing, life insurance, medical coverage, disability insurance,
education, and other retirement or employee benefits that the Company has
adopted or may adopt for the benefit of its executive employees, and the Company
shall provide the Employee with such insurance or other provisions for
indemnification, defense or hold-harmless of officers that are generally in
effect for other senior executive officers of the Company.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit or limit the right
of the Company to discontinue, modify or amend any plan or benefit in its
absolute discretion at any time; provided, however, that any such
discontinuance, modification or amendment shall apply to employees of the
Company generally, or to a defined group of such employees and shall not apply
solely to the Employee.

     7.   FRINGE BENEFITS; AUTOMOBILE.  In addition to the benefit plans
referred to in Section 6 hereof, the Employee shall be entitled to participate
in any other fringe benefits that are now or may be or become applicable to the
Company's executive employees, including the payment of reasonable expenses for
attending annual and periodic meetings of trade associations, and any other
benefits that are commensurate with the duties and responsibilities to be
performed by the Employee under this Agreement and reimbursement for reasonable
expenses incurred in the course of her duties hereunder in accordance with the
Company's policy with respect thereto.  In addition, the Company shall provide
the Employee with a deluxe car or car allowance of her choice.  The benefits
provided under this Section 7 shall cease upon the Employee's Date of
Termination (as defined below).

     8.   VACATION; CLUB MEMBERSHIPS.  During her employment hereunder, the
Employee shall be entitled to an annual paid vacation in accordance with the
Company's standard employment practices of at least four weeks per year or such
longer period as the Board may approve (prorated on a daily basis for any period
that is less than one calendar year).  Up to four weeks of accrued vacation time
that is not used in a calendar year may be carried over into the following
calendar year.  Upon termination of the Employee's employment for any reason,
the Employee shall be entitled to payment for any accrued but unused vacation
time based upon her then current salary.  The time of paid vacations shall be
scheduled in a reasonable manner by the Employee.

     During her employment hereunder, the Employee shall be entitled to
appropriate professional association and business club memberships, including
reimbursement of payment of dues and assessments pertaining thereto.

     9.   TERMINATION.
               (a)  DISABILITY.  If, as a result of the Employee's incapacity
due to physical or mental illness, injury or similar incapacity, she shall have
been absent from the full-time performance of her duties with the Company for
six

                                        3

<PAGE>

months within any eighteen-month period, her employment may be terminated by
written notice (as provided below) from the Company for "Disability".

               (b)  CAUSE.    Subject to the notice provisions set forth below,
the Company may terminate the Employee's employment for "Cause" at any time.
Termination for "Cause" shall mean termination upon (1) the continued willful
failure by the Employee to substantially perform her duties with the Company or
her other willful breach of this Agreement (other than any such failure or
breach resulting from her incapacity due to physical or mental illness, injury
or similar incapacity) after a written demand for substantial performance is
delivered to her by the Board, which demand specifically identifies the manner
in which the Board believes that she has failed to substantially perform her
duties, or has otherwise breached this Agreement, (2) the Employee's conviction
of a felony, (3) the Employee's willful misconduct that is materially and
demonstrably injurious to the Company or (4) the violation by the Employee of
Section 11 hereof; provided, however, that the Employee shall not be terminated
for "Cause" unless and until the Board has given the Employee reasonable notice
of its intended actions and the alleged events or activities giving rise thereto
and with respect to those events or activities for which a cure is possible, a
reasonable opportunity to cure such breach and there shall have been delivered
to her a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the Board regarding such actions.

               (c)  CONSTRUCTIVE TERMINATION.     If at any time during the Term
of this Agreement, any of the following events shall occur, the Employee shall
be entitled to terminate her employment hereunder and be treated as if her
employment had been terminated by the Company other than for Cause:

                         (i)  Mr. Stanley R. Zax ceases to be full-time
     Chairman of the Board and President of the Company other
     than by reason of death or disability;

                         (ii)  The Employee is removed or otherwise
     prohibited or restricted in the performance of her duties as set
     forth in Section 1 hereof;

                         (iii)  Any payment due under this Agreement shall
     remain unpaid for more than 60 days;

                         (iv)  A Change in Control of the Company (as
     defined below) shall occur during the Term of this Agreement
     and, within 180 days after the effective date of any such Change
     in Control, the Employee delivers to the Company a written
     notice of her election to terminate the Agreement effective as
     of the date set forth in such notice, which effective date shall
     not be less than 30 days nor more than 90 days after the date

                                        4

<PAGE>

     of delivery of such written notice.

     For purposes of this paragraph, a Change in Control shall mean either
(i) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another company in
which the Company does not survive; or (ii) an assignment of this Agreement by
the Company under the provisions of Section 12(b) hereof; or (iii) the sale of
all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or (iv) a change in the
identities of a majority of the members of the Board within a one-year period or
less; or (v) any other transaction that would require a party or affiliated
group of parties to obtain approval from or require such transactions to be
presented for approval by, the California Insurance Commissioner (assuming there
is no preemption of California insurance laws by federal law).

               (d)  NOTICE OF TERMINATION.  Any purported termination of the
Employee's employment by the Company or by her shall be communicated by a
written notice ("Notice of Termination") that shall indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in
reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for
termination of the Employee's employment under the provision so indicated.

               (e)  DATE OF TERMINATION, ETC.  "Date of Termination" shall mean
(1) if the Employee's employment is terminated by her death, the date of her
death; (2) if the Employee's employment is terminated for Disability, thirty
days after Notice of Termination is given; (3) if the Employee's employment is
terminated for Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which
shall not be less than thirty days from the date such Notice of Termination is
given; and (4) if the Employee's employment is terminated for any other reason,
the date specified in the Notice of Termination.

     10.  COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION OR DURING DISABILITY.  The Employee
shall be entitled to the following benefits during a period of disability, or
upon termination of her employment, as the case may be, if such period or
termination occurs during the Term of this Agreement:

               (a)  During any period that the Employee fails to perform her
full-time duties with the Company as a result of incapacity due to physical or
mental illness, injury or similar incapacity, she shall continue to receive her
compensation and other benefits payable to her under this Agreement at the rate
in effect at the commencement of any such period, together with all compensation
payable to her under the Company's disability plan or program or other similar
plan during such period, until her employment is terminated pursuant to Section
9(a) hereof.  Thereafter, or in the event the Employee's employment shall be
terminated by reason of her death, her benefits shall be determined under the
Company's retirement, insurance and other compensation

                                        5

<PAGE>

programs then in effect in accordance with the terms of such programs, and the
Company shall have no further obligations to her under this Agreement.

               (b)  If at any time the Employee's employment shall be terminated
(i) by reason of her death, (ii) by the Company for Cause or Disability or (iii)
by her (other than by reason of a constructive termination pursuant to Section
9(c) hereof), the Company shall pay her (or her appropriate payee, as determined
in accordance with Section 12 (c) hereof) her full base salary through the Date
of Termination at the rate in effect at the time Notice of Termination is given,
plus all other amounts to which she is entitled under any compensation plan of
the Company at the time such payments are due, and the Company shall have no
further obligations to her under this Agreement.  In addition, in the event the
Employee's employment is terminated by reason of the Employee's death or
Disability, the Employee (or her appropriate payee) shall be entitled to receive
a pro rata portion of any bonus that would otherwise have been payable to the
Employee with respect to the year in which the Employee's employment is
terminated.  For purposes of this provision, if the Employee's bonus for such
year has not been determined, the Employee shall be deemed to have been entitled
to a bonus equal to the highest annual bonus paid or payable to the Employee
during the three consecutive years immediately preceding her termination.

               (c)  If the Employee's employment should be terminated by the
Company other than for Cause or Disability or by the Employee by reason of a
constructive termination pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, she shall be entitled
to the benefits provided below ("Severance Payments"):

                    (i)  The Company shall pay to the Employee her full
     base salary through the Date of Termination, at the rate in effect
     at the time Notice of Termination is given, plus all other amounts
     to which she is entitled under any compensation plan of the
     Company, in each case at the time such payments are due;

                    (ii)  Company shall pay to Employee a cash lump
     sum payment, no later than the fifteenth day following the
     effective date of the Notice of Termination, equal to the greater
     of (a) two times the sum of (x) her Base Salary at the rate in
     effect as of the effective date of the Notice of Termination and
     (y) the highest annual bonus paid or payable to Employee
     during the three consecutive years immediately preceding her
     termination of employment, or (b) the "actuarial equivalent" of
     all Base Salary and bonus payments that would have been
     payable to Employee pursuant to Paragraphs 3 and 4 of this
     Agreement had Employee continued to be employed through
     the Expiration Date (the "Severance Period"), assuming, for

                                        6

<PAGE>

     purposes of this Paragraph, that the annual bonus payable to
     Employee pursuant to Paragraph 4 of this Agreement for each
     year of such remaining term is equal to the highest annual bonus
     paid or payable to Employee during the three consecutive years immediately
     preceding her termination of employment.  For
     purposes of this subparagraph 10(c)(ii), "actuarial equivalent"
     shall be determined by an actuary selected by Company, subject
     to approval by Employee, and calculated in accordance with the
     actuarial assumptions used by the Pension Benefit Guaranty
     Corporation to value liabilities for pension plans terminating as
     of the effective date of Employee's or Company's Notice of
     Termination;

                         (iii)  All stock option rights, stock appreciation
     rights, and any and all other similar rights theretofore granted to
     the Employee, including, but not limited to, the Employee's right
     to receive cash in lieu of exercising stock options, as may be
     provided in her stock option agreements, shall vest and shall
     then be exercisable in full, and the Employee shall have 90 days
     following her termination within which to exercise any and all
     such rights and the restrictions on any and all shares of restricted
     stock granted to the Employee that are outstanding on the Date
     of Termination shall lapse as of the Date of Termination;

                         (iv)  During the Severance Period the Company
     shall, at its cost, arrange to provide the Employee with life,
     disability, dental, accident and group health insurance benefits
     substantially similar to those that she was receiving immediately
     prior to the Notice of Termination plus an additional amount
     necessary to reimburse the Employee for any taxes imposed
     solely by reason of her receipt of such benefits following her
     termination of employment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
     Company shall not provide any benefit otherwise receivable by
     the Employee pursuant to this subparagraph if an equivalent
     benefit is actually received by her at any time during the
     Severance Period and any such benefit actually received by her
     shall be reported to the Company.

               (d)  The Company shall continue in effect for the benefit of the
Employee all insurance or other provisions for indemnification, defense or hold-
harmless of officers or directors of the Company that are in effect on the date
the Notice of Termination is sent to the Employee or the Company with respect to
all of her acts and omissions while an officer or director as fully and
completely as if such termination had not occurred, and until the final
expiration or running of all

                                        7

<PAGE>

periods of limitation against actions that may be applicable to such acts or
omissions.

               (e)  The Employee shall have the right to terminate her
employment under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days notice to the Company
without liability to the Company for damages incurred solely by reason of such
termination.

               (f)  Nothwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
in the event that Employee becomes entitled to the Severance Payments, if any of
the Severance Payments will be subject to the tax (the "Excise Tax") imposed by
section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
Company shall pay to Employee an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") such
that the net amount retained by Employee, after deduction of any Excise Tax on
the Total Payments (as hereinafter defined) and any federal, state and local
income and other tax and Excise Tax upon the payment provided for by this
Paragraph 10(f), shall be equal to the Total Payments.  For purposes of
determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax
and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) any other payments or benefits received
or to be received by Employee in connection with a Change in Control or
Employee's termination of employment (whether pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with Company, any person
whose actions result in a change in control or any person affiliated with
Company or such person (which, together with Severance Payments, shall
constitute "Total Payments"), shall be treated as "parachute payments" within
the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all "excess parachute
payments" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1) shall be treated as subject
to the Excise Tax, unless in the opinion of tax counsel selected by Company's
independent auditors and acceptable to Employee, such other payments or benefits
(in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, or such excess
parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable compensation for
services actually rendered within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4) of the Code
in excess of the base amount, within the meaning of section 280G(b)(3) of the
Code, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, (ii) the amount of the
Total Payments which shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax shall be
equal to the lesser of (A) the total amount of the Total Payments or (B) the
amount of excess parachute payments within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1)
(after applying clause (i), above), and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefits
or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by Company's independent
auditors in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the
Code.  For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Employee
shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of
federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to
be made and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of
taxation in the state and locality of Employee's

                                        8

<PAGE>

residence on the date of termination of employment, net of the maximum reduction
in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and
local taxes.  In the event that the Excise Tax is subsequently determined to be
less than the amount taken into account hereunder at the time of termination of
Employee's employment, Employee shall repay to Company, at the time that the
amount of such reduction in Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the
Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction (plus that portion of the Gross-
Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal, state and local income
tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid by the Employee to the extent
that such repayment results in a reduction in Excise Tax and/or a federal, state
or local income tax deduction) plus interest on the amount of such repayment at
the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code.  In the event that the
Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount taken into account hereunder at
the time of the termination of Employee's employment (including by reason of any
payment the existence or amount of which cannot be determined at the time of the
Gross-Up Payment), Company shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in respect
of such excess (plus any interest, penalties or additions payable by the
Employee with respect to such excess) at the time that the amount of such excess
is finally determined.

     11.  DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.
               (a)  Employee acknowledges that the list of Company's customers,
as they may exist from time to time, and Company's trade secrets and other
confidential information are valuable, special and unique assets of Company's
business.  Employee will not, during or after the Term of Employment, disclose
to any person, firm, corporation, association, or any other entity or use for
her own benefit, any list of Company's customers, or any part thereof, or any of
Company's trade secrets or other confidential information, for any reason or
purpose whatsoever.

               (b)  Employee agrees that upon leaving the employ of Company she
will deliver to Company and not keep or deliver to anyone else, any and all
memoranda, specifications, documents and in general any and all material
relating to Company's business that she may have under her possession or
control.

               (c)  Employee recognizes that she will possess confidential
information about other employees of Company relating to their education,
experience, skills, abilities, compensation and benefits, and interpersonal
relationships with customers of Company.  The Employee recognizes that the
information she will possess about these other employees is not generally known,
is of substantial value to Company in developing its products and in securing
and retaining customers, and will be acquired by her because of her business
position with Company.  Employee agrees that, during the period ending on the
last day of the one-year period following her termination of

                                        9

<PAGE>

employment, she will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or recruit any
employee of Company for the purpose of being employed by her, or any business,
individual, partner, firm, corporation or other entity that is then in
competition with Company ("Competitor") on whose behalf she is acting as an
agent, representative or employee.  The Employee further agrees that she will
not convey any such confidential information or trade secrets about other
employees of Company to anyone affiliated with her or to any Competitor.

               (d)  Employee further acknowledges that the remedy at law for any
breach by her of the covenants contained in Paragraphs 11(a) and (b) will be
inadequate and that in the event of a breach, or threatened breach, by Employee
of the covenants contained therein, Company shall be entitled to an injunction
restraining Employee from using, for her own benefit, and/or from disclosing, in
whole or in part, the list of Company's customers, and/or Company's trade
secrets or other confidential information, and/or from rendering any services to
any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity to whom such a list,
and/or such trade secrets or other confidential information, in whole or in
part, have been disclosed, or are threatened to be disclosed and such other
declaratory relief as is proper to cause Employee to return to Company any and
all memoranda, specifications, documents and all other material relating to
Company's business that she may have under her possession or control.  Nothing
herein shall be construed as prohibiting Employee from pursuing professional
employment or investments utilizing her own skills and knowledge or Company from
pursuing any other remedies available to Company from such breach or threatened
breach, including the recovery of damages from Employee.  The provisions of this
Paragraph 11 shall survive the expiration or termination, for any reason, of
this Agreement and of Employee's employment.

     12.  ASSIGNMENTS/MITIGATION.
               (a)  This Agreement and the rights, interest and benefits
hereunder are personal to the Employee and shall not be assigned, transferred,
pledged, or hypothecated in any way by the Employee, and shall not be subject to
execution, attachment or similar process.  Any attempted assignment, transfer,
pledge, or hypothecation, or the levy of any execution, attachment or similar
process thereon, shall be null and void and without effect.

               (b)  The Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement
and to delegate all of its rights, duties and obligations hereunder, whether in
whole or in part, to any parent, affiliate, successor, or subsidiary
organization of the Company or corporation with which the Company may merge or
consolidate or which acquires by purchase or otherwise all or substantially all
of the Company's consolidated assets, but such assignment shall not release the
Company from its obligations under this Agreement, and in the event of any such
assignment by the Company, the Employee may, at her sole option, exercise her
termination rights under the provisions of Section 9(c)(iv) of this Agreement.

                                       10

<PAGE>

               (c)  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the Employee and her personal or legal representatives,
executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and
legatees.  If the Employee should die while any amount would still be payable to
her hereunder had she continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise
provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to
her devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there is no such designee, to her
estate.

               (d)  The Employee shall have no duty to mitigate the Company's
obligations hereunder by seeking other employment or by becoming self-employed;
provided, however, that life, disability, dental, accident, group health
insurance and other health and welfare benefits received by the Employee during
or with respect to the Severance Period and attributable to services rendered
during such period by the Employee to persons or entities other than the Company
shall be applied to reduce the Company's obligation to provide such benefits
hereunder.  Not less frequently than annually (by the end of the month of the
month next following the month in which the Effective Date occurs), the Employee
shall account to the Company as to the amount of such benefits; if the Company
has paid amounts in excess of those to which the Employee was entitled (after
giving effect to the offsets provided above), the Employee shall reimburse the
Company promptly thereafter for such excess.

     13.  NOTICE.  Notices and all other communications provided for in this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered or five business days after being mailed by United States certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (a) if to
the Employee, to P. O. Box 2001, La Jolla, California 92038 and (b) if to the
Company, to 21255 Califa Street, Woodland Hills, California 91367, Attention:
Stanley R. Zax, with a copy to the Secretary of the Company; or to such other
address as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance
herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon
receipt thereof.

     14.  SECTION HEADINGS.  The Section headings used in this Agreement are
included solely for convenience and shall not affect, or be used in connection
with, the interpretation of this Agreement.

     15.  SEVERABILITY.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.

                                       11

<PAGE>

     16.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument.

     17.  ARBITRATION.  Any dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement (other than an action for injuctive relief
pursuant to Section 11 hereof) shall be settled exclusively by arbitration,
conducted before a panel of three arbitrators in Los Angeles, California in
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in
effect.  Such arbitrators shall only have jurisdiction to award contract
damages.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators' award in any court having
jurisdiction.  The Employee, if prevailing, shall be entitled to reimbursement
of all of her reasonable expenses in arbitration, including reasonable
attorneys' fees.  In the event of a good faith dispute regarding the payment of
salary or benefits under this Agreement, the Company shall make the disputed
payments to the Employee as if such dispute did not exist during the pendency of
such good faith dispute, and, following the resolution of such dispute, the
Employee shall reimburse the Company for any overpayments.

     18.  LEGAL FEES.  The Company agrees to reimburse the Employee for all
reasonable legal fees and other reasonable expenses incurred in connection with
the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement.

     19.  COMPANY PROPERTY.  The Employee agrees that at the time she leaves the
employment of the Company she will deliver to the Company, and will not keep or
deliver to anyone else, all notebooks, memoranda, documents, computer discs, and
any and all other material relating to the Company's business or constituting
the Company's property, whether or not the Employee was the author or recipient
of such material.

     20.  MISCELLANEOUS.
               (a)  No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or
discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing
and signed by the Employee and such officer as may be specifically designated by
the Board.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the
other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this
Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of
similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or
subsequent time.

          (b)  This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties
hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and it replaces and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, between the parties
hereto.  No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or
implied,

                                       12

<PAGE>

with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which
are not expressly set forth in this Agreement.

          (c)  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without
regard to its conflicts of law principles.

          (d)  All references to Sections of the Exchange Act or the Code shall
be deemed also to refer to any successor provisions to such Sections.

          (e)  Any payments provided for hereunder shall be paid net of any
applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law.

          (f)  The obligations created under the provisions of Sections 5, 8,
10, 11, 12, 17, 18 and 19 shall survive the expiration, suspension or
termination, for any reason, of this Agreement or the Employee's employment
hereunder until such obligations created thereunder are fully satisfied.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first written above.

                              ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE
                              CORP.


                              By:  /s/ Stanley R. Zax
                                 -----------------------------
                                STANLEY R. ZAX, Chairman

                              EMPLOYEE:

                              /s/ Fredricka Taubitz
                              --------------------------------
                              FREDRICKA TAUBITZ

                                       13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                 JOHN J. TICKNER


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


     This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is dated effective as of
February 16, 1995 (the "Effective Date), between ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE
CORP., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and JOHN J. TICKNER (the
"Employee");

     WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement setting forth the
terms and conditions for the employment relationships of the Employee with the
Company.

     NOW, THEREFORE, it is AGREED as follows:

     1.   EMPLOYMENT.

          (a)  Subject to earlier termination as provided herein, the Employee
is employed as a Senior Vice President and Secretary of the Company, and Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of its insurance subsidiaries from
the Effective Date through the Term of this Agreement (as defined below).  In
this capacity the Employee shall devote his full business time and energy to the
business, affairs and interests of the Company and matters related thereto.
During the Term of this Agreement, the Employee shall have no other employment
other than with a subsidiary of the Company, except with the prior written
approval of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board").  The Employee
shall have such duties and responsibilities and such executive power and
authority as is customary for an officer in his position and as shall be
allocated to him in such capacity and such other duties and responsibilities as
the Board or the President of the Company shall designate that are not
inconsistent with the Employee's position with the Company.

          (b)  During his employment hereunder, the Employee shall report to the
Company's Chief Executive Officer.

     2.   TERM.  This Agreement shall be in effect for a term commencing on the
Effective Date and expiring on October 1, 1998, and such period shall be
referred to herein as the "Term" of this Agreement, and such Term shall not be
affected by the termination of the Employee's employment hereunder.

     3.   SALARY.  Commencing as of the Effective Date, the Company shall pay
the employee an annual base salary at the minimum rate of $242,000, which shall
be payable in installments in conformity with the Company's policy relating to
salaried employees.  The Employee's base salary may be sub-

<PAGE>

ject to annual adjustment (but not below the then current amount) in the sole
discretion of the Board.

     4.   DISCRETIONARY BONUSES.  During the Term of this Agreement, the
Employee shall be entitled to such discretionary bonuses as may be authorized,
declared, and paid by the Board in its sole discretion.

     5.   PARTICIPATION IN RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  During his
employment hereunder, the Employee shall be entitled to participate in any plan
of the Company relating to stock options, stock purchases, pension, thrift,
profit sharing, life insurance, medical coverage, disability insurance,
education, and other retirement or employee benefits that the Company has
adopted or may adopt for the benefit of its executive employees, and the Company
shall provide the Employee with such insurance or other provisions for
indemnification, defense or hold-harmless of officers that are generally in
effect for other senior executive officers of the Company.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit or limit the right
of the Company to discontinue, modify or amend any plan or benefit in its
absolute discretion at any time; provided, however, that any such
discontinuance, modification or amendment shall apply to employees of the
Company generally, or to a defined group of such employees and shall not apply
solely to the Employee.

     6.   FRINGE BENEFITS; AUTOMOBILE.  In addition to the benefit plans
referred to in Section 5 hereof, the Employee shall be entitled to participate
in any other fringe benefits that are now or may be or become applicable to the
Company's executive employees, and any other benefits that are commensurate with
the duties and responsibilities to be performed by the Employee under this
Agreement and reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in the course of
his duties hereunder in accordance with the Company's policy with respect
thereto.  In addition, the Company shall provide Employee with a Company-leased
vehicle.  The benefits provided under this Section 6 shall cease upon the
Employee's Date of Termination (as defined below).

     7.   VACATION.  During his employment hereunder, the Employee shall be
entitled to an annual paid vacation in accordance with the Company's standard
employment practices of at least four weeks per year or such longer period as
the Board may approve (pro-rated on a daily basis for any period that is less
than one calendar year).  Up to four weeks of accrued vacation time that is not
used in a calendar year may be carried over into the following calendar year.
Upon termination of the Employee's employment for any reason, the Employee shall
be entitled to payment for any accrued but unused vacation time based upon his
then current salary.

                                        2

<PAGE>

The timing of paid vacations shall be scheduled in a reasonable manner by the
Employee.

     8.   TERMINATION.

          (a).  DISABILITY.  If, as a result of the Employee's incapacity due to
physical or mental illness, injury or similar incapacity, he shall have been
absent from the full-time performance of his duties with the Company for six
months within any eighteen-month period, his employment may be terminated by
written notice (as provided below) from the Company for "Disability."

          (b)  CAUSE.  Subject to the notice provisions set forth below, the
Company may terminate the Employee's employment for "Cause" at any time.
Termination for "Cause" shall mean termination upon (1) the continued willful
failure by the Employee to substantially perform his duties with the Company or
his other willful breach of this Agreement (other than any such failure or
breach resulting from his incapacity due to the physical or mental illness,
injury or similar incapacity) after a written demand for substantial performance
is delivered to him by the Board, which demand specifically identifies the
manner in which the Board believes that he has failed to substantially perform
his duties, or has otherwise breached this Agreement, (2) the Employee's
conviction of a felony, (3) the Employee's willful misconduct that is materially
and demonstrably injurious to the Company, or (4) the violation by the Employee
of Section 10 hereof; provided, however, that the Employee shall not be
terminated for "Cause" unless and until the Board has given the Employee
reasonable notice of its intended actions and the alleged events or activities
giving rise thereto and with respect to those events or activities for which a
cure is possible, a reasonable opportunity to cure such breach and there shall
have been delivered to him a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the Board
regarding such action.

          (c)  CONSTRUCTIVE TERMINATION.  If at any time during the Term of this
Agreement, any of the following events shall occur, the Employee shall be
entitled to terminate his employment hereunder and be treated as if his
employment had been terminated by the Company other than for Cause:

               (i)  Mr. Stanley R. Zax ceases to be full-time Chairman of the
Board and President of the Company other than by reason of death or disability;

               (ii) The Employee is removed or otherwise prohibited or
restricted in the performance of his duties as set forth in Section 1 hereof;

                                       3

<PAGE>

               (iii) Any payment due under this Agreement shall remain unpaid
for more than 60 days;

               (iv) A Change in Control of the Company (as defined below) shall
occur during the Term of his Agreement, and within 180 days after the effective
date of any such Change in Control, the Employee delivers to the Company a
written notice of his election to terminate the Agreement effective as of the
date set forth in such notice, which effective date shall not be less than 30
days nor more than 90 days after the date of delivery of any such written
notice.
                    For purposes of this paragraph, a Change in Control shall
mean either (i) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another
company in which the Company does not survive; or (ii) an assignment of this
Agreement by the Company under the provisions of Section 11(b) hereof; or (iii)
the sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or (iv) a change
in the identities of a majority of the members of the Board within a one-year
period or less; or (v) any other transaction that would require a party or
affiliated group of parties to obtain approval from, or require such
transactions to be presented for approval by, the California Insurance
Commissioner (assuming there is no preemption of California insurance laws by
federal law).

          (d)  NOTICE OF TERMINATION.  Any purported termination of the
Employee's employment by the Company of by him shall be communicated by a
written notice ("Notice of Termination") that shall indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in
reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for
termination of the Employee's employment under the provision so indicated.

          (e)  DATE OF TERMINATION, ETC.  "Date of Termination" shall mean (1)
if the Employee's employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death;
(2) if the Employee's employment is terminated for Disability, thirty days after
Notice of Termination is given; (3) if the Employee's employment is terminated
for Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which shall not be
less than thirty days from the date such Notice of Termination is given; and (4)
if the Employee's employment is terminated for any other reason, the date
specified in the Notice of Termination.

     9.   COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION OR DURING DISABILITY.  The Employee
shall be entitled to the following benefits during a period of disability, or
upon termination of his employment, as the case may be, if such period or
termination occurs during the Term of this Agreement:

                                        4

<PAGE>

          (a)  During any period that the Employee fails to perform his full-
time duties with the Company as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental
illness, injury or similar incapacity, he shall continue to receive his
compensation and other benefits payable to him under this Agreement at the rate
in effect at the commencement of any such period, together with all compensation
payable to him under the Company's disability plan or program or other similar
plan during such period, until his employment is terminated pursuant to Section
8(a) hereof.  Thereafter, or in the event the Employee's employment shall be
terminated by reason of his death, his benefits shall be determined under the
Company's retirement, insurance and other compensation programs then in effect
in accordance with the terms of such programs, and the Company shall have no
further obligations to him under this Agreement.

          (b)  If at any time the Employee's employment shall be terminated (i)
by reason of his death, (ii) by the Company for Cause or Disability, or (iii) by
him (other than by reason of a constructive termination pursuant to Section 8(c)
hereof), the Company shall pay him (or his appropriate payee, as determined in
accordance with Section 11(c) hereof) his full base salary through the Date of
Termination at the rate in effect at the time Notice of Termination is given,
plus all other amounts to which he is entitled under any compensation plan of
the Company at the time such payments are due, and the Company shall have no
further obligations to him under this Agreement.  In addition, in the event the
Employee's employment is terminated by reason of the Employee's death or
Disability, the Employee (or his appropriate payee) shall be entitled to receive
a pro rata portion of any bonus that would otherwise have been payable to the
Employee with respect to the year in which the Employee's employment is
terminated.  For purposes of this provision, if the Employee's bonus for such
year has not been determined, the Employee shall be deemed to have been entitled
to a bonus equal to the bonus paid or payable to the Employee with respect to
the immediately preceding year.

          (c)  If the Employee's employment should be terminated by the Company
other than for Cause or Disability or by the Employee by reason of a
constructive termination pursuant to Section 8(c) hereof, he shall be entitled
to the benefits provided below:

               (i)  The Company shall pay to the Employee his full base salary
through the Date of Termination, at the rate in effect at the time Notice of
Termination is given, plus all other amounts to which he is entitled under any
compensation plan of the Company, in each case at the time such payments are
due;

                                        5

<PAGE>

               (ii) The Company shall pay the Employee, at the time such
payments would have been made had the Employee's employment not been terminated
hereunder, all salary payments that would have been payable to the Employee
pursuant to this Agreement had the Employee continued to be employed for the
greater of (x) the remaining Term of this Agreement, or (y) one year (the
"Severance Period") (assuming for the purpose of such continuing payments that
the Employee's salary for each year of such period is equal to his salary at the
Date of Termination), plus a pro rata portion of any bonus that would otherwise
have been payable to the Employee with respect to the year in which the
Employee's employment is terminated; provided, however, that if the Employee's
bonus for such year has not been determined, the Employee shall be deemed to
have been entitled to a bonus equal to the bonus paid or payable to the Employee
with respect to the immediately preceding year;

               (iii) All stock option rights, stock appreciation rights, and any
and all other similar rights theretofore granted to the Employee, including, but
not limited to, the Employee's right to receive cash in lieu of exercising stock
options, as may be provided in his stock option agreements, shall vest and shall
then be exercisable in full, and the Employee shall have 90 days following his
termination within which to exercise any and all such rights and the
restrictions on any and all shares of restricted stock granted to the Employee
that are outstanding on the Date of Termination shall lapse as of the Date of
Termination;

               (iv) During the Severance Period the Company shall, at its cost,
arrange to provide the Employee with life, disability, dental, accident and
group health insurance benefits substantially similar to those that he was
receiving immediately prior to the Notice of Termination plus an additional
amount necessary to reimburse the Employee for any taxes imposed solely by
reason of his receipt of such benefits following his termination of employment.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not provide any benefit
otherwise receivable by the Employee pursuant to this subparagraph if an
equivalent benefits is actually received by him at any time during the Severance
Period and any such benefit actually received by him shall be reported to the
Company.

          (d)  The Company shall continue in effect for the benefit of the
employee all insurance or other provisions for the indemnification, defense of
hold-harmless of officers or directors of the Company that are in effect on the
date the Notice of Termination is sent to the Employee or the Company with
respect to all of his acts and omissions while an officer or director as fully
and completely as if such termination had not occurred, and until the final
expi-

                                        6

<PAGE>

ration or running of all periods of limitation against actions that may be
applicable to such acts or omissions.

          (e)  The Employee shall have the right to terminate his employment
under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days notice to the Company without
liability to the Company for damages incurred solely by reason of such
termination.

          (f)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in
the event that, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, it is more likely
than not that any payment or benefit under this Agreement or under any other
plan or agreement would not be deemed to be deductible in whole or in part in
the calculation of the federal income tax of the Company, or of any other person
making such payment or providing such benefit, by reason of Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, including the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, as amended from time to time and including any successor legislation
thereto (the "Code"), the aggregate payments and benefits provided by this
Agreement shall be reduced (if necessary, to zero) (with the cash payments
provided by this Agreement being the first reduced) to the minimum extent
necessary so that no portion of such aggregate payments and benefits is not
deductible for federal income tax purposes by reason of Section 280G of the
Code.  The Company shall hold such portions not paid to the Employee in escrow.
At the end of each calendar quarter during the term of such escrow, the Company
shall deposit into escrow an amount equal to interest accrued during such
calendar quarter on the amount held in escrow during such calendar quarter at a
rate equal to the rate than payable on judgments in California.  If it shall be
determined at any point in time, by counsel selected by the Company and the
Employee, that it is more likely than not that the payment to the Employee of
any or all of such amount held in escrow would be deductible for tax purposes,
such amount shall be paid out of escrow to the Employee.  In the event of a
final determination by the Internal Revenue Service or of an arbitration aware
pursuant to Section 16 hereof, that any such amount held in escrow would not be
deductible for tax purposes under the then applicable provisions of the Code if
paid to the Employee, or if it shall be determined at any point in time, by
counsel selected by the company and the Employee, that it is more likely than
not that the payment to the Employee of any such amount held in escrow would not
be deductible for tax purposes under the then applicable provisions of the Code,
such amount shall be paid out of escrow to the Company.  For purposes of this
Subsection 9(f),(i) the value of any non-cash benefits or any deferred or
contingent payment or benefit shall be determined by the company's independent
public accountants in accordance with the principles of Section 280G of the
Code, (ii) no payment or benefit not constituting, in the opinion of such
accountants, a "parachute payment" within

                                        7

<PAGE>

the meaning of Section 280G of the code shall be included in determining the
aggregate amount of such payments and benefits, and (iii) no payment or benefit
the receipt or enjoyment of which has been waived in writing by the Employee
shall be included in determining the aggregate amount of such payments and
benefits.

     10.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND NON-COMPETITION.

          (a)  During the Term of this Agreement and thereafter, the Employee
shall not, except as may be required to perform his duties hereunder or as
required by applicable law, disclose to others or use, whether directly or
indirectly any Confidential Information regarding the Company.  "Confidential
Information" shall mean information about the Company, its subsidiaries and
affiliates, and their respective clients and customers that is not available to
the general public and that was learned by the Employee in the course of his
employment by the Company, including (without limitation) any data, formulae,
information, proprietary knowledge, trade secrets and client and customer lists
and all papers, resumes, records and the documents containing such Confidential
Information.  The Employee acknowledges that such Confidential Information is
specialized, unique in nature and of great value to the company, and that such
information gives the Company a competitive advantage.  Upon the termination of
this employment for any reason whatsoever, the Employee shall promptly deliver
to the Company all documents (and all copies thereof) containing any
Confidential Information.

          (b)  During the term of his employment hereunder, the Employee shall
not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company,
provide consultative service (with or without pay) to, own, manage, operate,
join, control, participate in, or be connected (as a stockholder, partner, or
otherwise) with, any business, individual, partner, form, corporation, or other
entity that is then in competition with the Company, any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates (a "Competitor of the Company"), PROVIDED, however, that the
"beneficial ownership" by the Employee, either individually or as a member of a
"group", as such terms are used in Rule 13d of the General Rules and Regulations
under the Securities Exchange Act of 9134, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), of
not more than one percent (1%) of the voting stock of any publicly held
corporation shall not be a violation of this Agreement.  It is further expressly
agreed that the Company will or would suffer irreparable injury if the Employee
were to compete with the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the company
in violation of this Agreement and that the company would by reason of such
competition be entitled to injunctive relief in a court of appropriate
jurisdiction, and the Employee further consents and stipulates to the entry of
such injunctive relief in

                                        8

<PAGE>

such a court prohibiting the Employee from competing with the Company or any
subsidiary or affiliate of the Company in violation of this Agreement.

          (c)  During the Term of this Agreement, the Employee shall not
directly or indirectly, influence or attempt to influence customers or suppliers
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, to divert their
business to any Competitor of the Company.

          (d)  The Employee recognizes that he will possess confidential
information about other employees of the Company relating to their education,
experience, skills, abilities, compensation and benefits, and interpersonal
relationships with customers of the Company.  The Employee recognizes that the
information he will possess about these other employees is not generally known,
is of substantial value to the Company in developing its products and in
securing and retaining Customers, and will be acquired by him because of his
business position with the Company.  The Employee agrees that, during the period
ending on the last day of the three-year period following his Date of
Termination, he will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or recruit any
employee of the Company for the purpose of being employed by him, or any
Competitor of the Company on whose behalf he is acting as an agent,
representative or employee.  The Employee further agrees that he will not convey
any such confidential information or trade secrets about other employees of the
Company to anyone affiliated with him or to any Competitor of the Company.

          (e)  If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any
state or applicable arbitration proceeding in accordance with Section 16, that
any restriction in this Section 10 is excessive in duration or scope or is
unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of that state, it is the intention
of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to
render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law of that state.


     11.  ASSIGNMENTS/MITIGATION.

          (a)  This Agreement and the rights, interest and benefits hereunder
are personal to the Employee and shall not be assigned, transferred, pledged, or
hypothecated in any way by the Employee, and shall not be subject to execution,
attachment or similar process.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, or
hypothecation, or the levy of any execution, attachment or similar process
thereon, shall be null and void and without effect.

          (b)  The Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement and to
delegate all of its rights, duties and obligations hereunder, whether in whole
or in part, to any

                                        9

<PAGE>

parent, affiliate, successor or subsidiary organization of the Company or
corporation with which the Company may merge or consolidate or which acquires by
purchase or otherwise all or substantially all of the Company's consolidated
assets, but such assignment shall not release the Company from its obligations
under this Agreement, and in the event of any such assignment by the Company,
the Employee may, at his sole option, exercise his termination rights under the
provisions of Section 8(c)(iv) of this Agreement.

          (c)  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the Employee and his personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, heirs, distributes, devisees and legatees.  If the
Employee should die while any amount would still be payable to him hereunder had
he continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall
be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to his devisee, legatee
or other designees, or, if there is no such designee, to his estate.

          (d)  The Employee shall have no duty to mitigate the Company's
obligations hereunder by seeking other employment or by becoming self-employed;
provided, however, that life, disability, dental, accident, group health
insurance and other health and welfare benefits received by the Employee during
or with respect to the Severance Period and attributable to services rendered
during such period by the Employee to persons or entities other than the Company
shall be applied to reduce the Company's obligation to provide such benefits
hereunder.  Not less frequently than annually (by the end of the month of the
month next following the month in which the Effective Date occurs), the Employee
shall account to the Company as to the amount of such benefits; if the Company
has paid amounts in excess of those to which the Employee was entitled (after
giving effect to the offsets provided above), the Employee shall reimburse the
Company promptly thereafter for such excess.

     12.  NOTICE.  Notices and all other communications provided for in this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered or five business days after being mailed by United States certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (a) if to
the Employee, to 3 Dapplegray Road, Bell Canyon, CA 91307, and (b) if to the
Company, to 21255 Califa Street, Woodland Hills, CA 91367, Attention:  Stanley
R. Zax, with a copy to the Secretary of the Company; or to such other address as
either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith,
except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt
thereof.

     13.  SECTION HEADINGS.  The Section headings used in this Agreement are
included solely for convenience and shall

                                       10

<PAGE>

not affect, or be used in connection with, the interpretation of this Agreement.

     14.  SEVERABILITY.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall  not
affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.

     15.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument.

     16.  ARBITRATION.  Any dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement (other than an action for injunctive relief
pursuant to Section 10 hereof) shall be settled exclusively by arbitration,
conducted before a panel of three arbitrators in Los Angeles, California, in
accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in
effect.  Such arbitrators shall only have jurisdiction to award contract
damages.  Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having
jurisdiction.  The prevailing party shall be entitled to reimbursement of all of
its reasonable expenses in arbitration, including reasonable attorney's fees.
In the event of a good faith dispute regarding the payment of salary or benefits
under this Agreement, the Company shall make the disputed payments to the
Employee as if such dispute did not exist during the pendency of such good faith
dispute, and, following the resolution of such dispute, the Employee shall
reimburse the Company for any overpayments.

     17.  COMPANY PROPERTY.  The Employee agrees that at the time he leaves the
employment of the Company he will deliver to the Company, and will not keep or
deliver to anyone else, all notebooks, memoranda, documents, computer discs, and
any and all other material relating to the Company's business or constituting
the Company's property, whether or not the Employee was the author or recipient
of such material.

     18.  MISCELLANEOUS.

          (a)  No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or
discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing
and signed by the Employee and such officer as may be specifically designated by
the Board.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the
other party hereto of or compliance with, any condition or provision of this
Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of
similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the time or at any prior or
subsequent time.

                                      11

<PAGE>

          (b)  This instrument contains the entire agreement of the parties
hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and it replaces and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, between the parties
hereto.  No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or
implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either
party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement.

          (c)  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of
this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without
regard to its conflicts of law principles.

          (d)  All references to Sections of the Exchange Act or the Code shall
be deemed also to refer to any successor provisions to such Sections.

          (e)  Any payments provided for hereunder shall be paid net of any
applicable withholding required under federal, state or local law.

          (f)  The obligations created under the provisions of Sections 7, 9,
10, 11, 16 and 17 shall survive the expiration, suspension or termination, for
any reason, of this Agreement or the Employee's employment hereunder until such
obligations created thereunder are fully satisfied.

     19.  PRIOR AGREEMENT.

          This Agreement replaces and supercedes the Employment Agreement dated
October 1, 1990 between the parties.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first written above.



                         ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.

ATTEST:
/s/ Fredricka Taubitz    By: /s/ Stanley R. Zax
- ----------------------      ---------------------------
Fredricka Taubitz                STANLEY R. ZAX
Ass't Secretary               Chairman and President


                         EMPLOYEE

                         /s/ John J. Tickner
                         ------------------------------
                              JOHN J. TICKNER

                                       12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                  Execution Copy

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into effective as of the
6th day of December, 1994 ("Effective Date"), on this 2ND day of February, 1995
between ZENITH  NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter
referred to as "Zenith"), and STANLEY R. ZAX (hereinafter referred to as
"Employee").   WHEREAS, Employee is presently employed as Chairman of the Board
and President of Zenith Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Zenith, pursuant to a
written Employment Agreement originally dated as of December 9, 1981, for a term
of five years ending December 8, 1986, which agreement was extended and modified
pursuant to a written Employment Agreement dated as of December 5, 1985 for a
term of five years ending December 31, 1990, which agreement was extended and
modified pursuant to a written Employment Agreement dated as of February 28,
1990 for a term of five years ending December 31, 1995, and is also employed as
Chairman of the Board and President of Zenith and certain of its other
subsidiaries (Zenith and all of its subsidiaries collectively referred to
hereinafter as "Employer"); and

<PAGE>

     WHEREAS, Zenith and Employee deem it in their respective best interests to
extend the term of said Employment Agreement at the present time and modify
certain other provisions thereof;

     NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed as follows:

     1.   AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.

     The Agreement is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety and the term thereof is hereby extended as hereinafter provided.

     2.   ENGAGEMENT AND DUTIES.

     During the Term of Employment as defined in Paragraph 3 of this Agreement:

     2.1  Employer hereby employs Employee and Employee does hereby agree to be
employed by Employer as Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive
Officer of Zenith and in such other capacities at Zenith and at each of the
corporations which comprise Employer as shall hereafter be agreed upon by
Employee, the Board of Directors of Zenith and the boards of directors of such
other corporations.

     2.2  Employee shall perform the normal duties of such offices and such
other executive duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by and in
accordance with instructions and directions of the Board of Directors of Zenith.
Both Employee and Employer hereby expressly recognize that the services
described herein shall be

                                        2

<PAGE>

performed to the reasonable satisfaction of the Board of Directors of Zenith.

     2.3  Employee shall perform the duties contemplated hereunder at his
principal office located in Los Angeles County, California; provided, however,
Employee shall travel outside Los Angeles County to the extent he reasonably
deems it necessary or appropriate in the performance of his duties hereunder.

     2.4  Employee, during the Term of Employment, shall devote his time,
attention, energies, skill and best efforts to the performance of his duties for
and on behalf of Employer.

     3.   TERM OF EMPLOYMENT.

     The term of employment hereunder shall be a period commencing on the
Effective Date and terminating

December 31, 1998 ("Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated as elsewhere
provided herein ("Term of Employment").

     4.   COMPENSATION.

     As full and complete consideration for the performance of his duties and
the rendition of any and all services under this Agreement, Employee shall be
compensated as follows:

     4.1  Effective as of the Effective Date, Employee shall be paid the sum One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per

                                        3

<PAGE>

year, subject to such other increases as the Board of Directors of Zenith may
from time to time determine ("Base Compensation").

     4.2  In addition to the Base Compensation, Employee shall be a participant
in the Executive Officer Bonus Plan of Zenith.

     4.3  All compensation hereunder shall be paid by Employer, as allocated
from time to time among the different corporations which comprise Employer by
the Audit Committee of Zenith, and shall comply with all relevant governmental
directives, rules and regulations which may be in effect from time to time.  All
Base Compensation shall be payable ratably twice each month, or more or less
often in accordance with the normal payroll practices of Employer.

     5.   BUSINESS EXPENSES.

     Employee shall be reimbursed for reasonable and necessary expenses duly
incurred in connection with the duties to be performed and the services to be
rendered by Employee to Employer under and pursuant to this Agreement, upon
submission of itemized expense statements in the manner and at times specified
by Employer for officers of Employer.  In addition, Employee shall be entitiled
to the exclusive full time use of one deluxe automobile of his

                                        4

<PAGE>

choice, to be replaced from time to time at Employee's discretion.

     6.   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS.

     6.1  Employee shall be entitled to participate in all employee insurance,
retirement and other benefit plans for which he qualifies and which may be in
effect from time to time.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in
this Agreement shall prohibit or limit the right of Employer to discontinue,
modify, or amend any plan or benefit in its absolute discretion at any time,
provided, however, that any such discontinuance, modification or amendment shall
apply to employees of Employer generally, or to a defined group of such
employees, and shall not apply solely to Employee.

     6.2  Employee shall be entitled each year to a vacation in accordance with
standard employment practices, during which time his compensation shall be paid
in full.  Each vacation shall be taken during a period mutually satisfactory to
both Employer and Employee.

     7.   DEATH DURING EMPLOYMENT.

     If Employee shall die during the Term of Employment, Employer shall pay the
compensation which could otherwise be payable to Employee pursuant to Paragraphs
4.1 and 4.2 of this Agreement, up to the end of the twelfth month following the
month in which his death occurred (a)

                                        5

<PAGE>

to Employee's spouse, if living, (b) if his spouse is not then living, to his
then living issue by right of representation, and (c) if none of the above are
then living, to his estate.

     8.   ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF PECULIAR VALUE OF SERVICES.

     8.1  Employee acknowledges that the services which he has agreed to render
during the Term of Employment under this Agreement are special, unique, unusual,
extraordinary, and of an intellectual character, and therefore are of peculiar
value to Employer.

     8.2  Employee further acknowledges that because of the character of said
services the remedy at law for any breach by him of this Agreement may be
enforced by an injunction in a suit in equity, without the necessity of proving
actual damage, and that a temporary injunction may be granted immediately upon
the commencement of any such suit, and without notice.  Nothing herein contained
shall be construed as prohibiting Employer from pursuing any other remedies
available to Employer from such breach or threatened breach, including the
recovery of damages from Employee.

     9.   DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.

     9.1  Employee acknowledges that the list of Employer's customers, as they
may exist from time to time,

                                        6

<PAGE>

and Employer's trade secrets and other confidential information are valuable,
special and unique assets of Employer's business.  Employee will not, during or
after the Term of Employment, disclose to any person, firm, corporation,
association, or any other entity or use for his own benefit, any list of
Employer's customers, or any part thereof, or any of Employer's trade secrets or
other confidential information, for any reason or purpose whatsoever.

     9.2  Employee agrees that upon leaving the employ of Employer he will
deliver to Employer and not keep or deliver to anyone else, any and all
memoranda, specifications, documents and in general any and all material
relating to Employer's business that he may have under his possession or
control.

     9.3  Employee recognizes that he will possess confidential information
about other employees of Employer relating to their education, experience,
skills, abilities, compensation and benefits, and interpersonal relationships
with customers of Employer.  The Employee recognizes that the information he
will possess about these other employees is not generally known, is of
substantial value to Employer in developing its products and in securing and
retaining customers, and will be acquired by him because of his business
position with Employer.  Employee agrees that,

                                        7

<PAGE>

during the period ending on the last day of the one-year period following his
termination of employment, he will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or
recruit any employee of Employer for the purpose of being employed by him, or
any business, individual, partner, firm, corporation or other entity that is
then in competition with Employer ("Competitor") on whose behalf he is acting as
an agent, representative or employee.  The Employee further agrees that he will
not convey any such confidential information or trade secrets about other
employees of Employer to anyone affiliated with him or to any Competitor.

     9.4  Employee further acknowledges that the remedy at law for any breach by
him of the covenants contained in Paragraphs 9.1 and 9.2 will be inadequate and
that in the event of a breach, or threatened breach, by Employee of the
covenants contained therein, Employer shall be entitled to an injunction
restraining Employee from using, for his own benefit, and/or from disclosing, in
whole or in part, the list of Employer's customers, and/or Employer's trade
secrets or other confidential information, and/or from rendering any services to
any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity to whom such a list,
and/or such trade secrets or other confidential information, in whole or in
part, have been disclosed, or are threatened to

                                        8

<PAGE>

be disclosed and such other declaratory relief as is proper to cause Employee to
return to Employer any and all memoranda, specifications, documents and all
other material relating to Employer's business that he may have under his
possession or control.  Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting
Employer from pursuing any other remedies available to Employer from such breach
or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages from Employee.  The
provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall survive the expiration or termination, for
any reason, of this Agreement and of Employee's employment.

     10.   TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY EMPLOYER.

     Should any of the following events occur, Employer may terminate this
Agreement by giving written notice thereof to Employee, which notice shall be
effective immediately:

          (a)  Employee is physically or mentally incapacitated for a period of
one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days.  Employee shall be deemed to be
physically or mentally incapacitated if he is unable for any reason whatsoever
to devote his full time and efforts to the business of Employer.

          (b)  Employee breaches any of his material obligations under this
Agreement.

                                        9

<PAGE>

     10.1 Should Employer terminate the Term of Employment prior to the
Expiration Date pursuant to Paragraph 10(a) hereof, Employer shall thereupon pay
to Employee, in complete satisfaction of its obligations under this Agreement,
the compensation which would otherwise be payable to him pursuant to Paragraphs
4.1 and 4.2 of this Agreement up to the end of the sixth month following the
month in which such termination occurred.  Should Employer terminate the Term of
Employment prior to the Expiration Date pursuant to Paragraph 10(b) hereof,
Employer shall pay to Employee in complete satisfaction of its obligations under
this Agreement and without waiving any rights which it or its subsidiaries may
have against Employee, the compensation which would otherwise be payable to him
pursuant to Paragraph 4.1 of this Agreement up to the end of the month in which
such termination occurs and Employer shall not be obligated to make any payments
to Employee pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 of the Agreement.

     10.2 Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 11.2 hereof, should Employer
terminate the Term of Employment prior to the Expiration Date for any reason
other than as set forth in Paragraphs 10(a) and 10(b) hereof, Employer shall
thereupon pay to Employee, in complete satisfaction of its obligations under
this Agreement, the compensation which would otherwise be payable to him
pursuant to

                                       10

<PAGE>

Paragraphs 4.1 and 4.2 of this Agreement had Employee continued to be employed
through the Expiration Date, assuming, for purposes of this Paragraph 10.2, that
the annual bonus payable to Employee pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 of this Agreement
for each year of the remaining term is equal to the highest annual bonus paid or
payable to Employee during the three consecutive years immediately preceding his
termination of employment.

     11.  CHANGE IN CONTROL; TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY EMPLOYEE OR EMPLOYER.

     In the event of a Change in Control (as defined below) at any time during
the Term of Employment, all stock option rights, stock appreciation rights, and
any and all other similar rights theretofore granted to Employee, including, but
not limited to, Employee's right to receive cash in lieu of exercising stock
options, as provided in Section 9 of his Stock Option Agreements entered into
with Zenith as of December 6, 1985 and December 9, 1987, shall vest and shall
then be exercisable in full.

     11.1 Employee may, within 180 days after the effective date of any such
Change in Control, deliver to Zenith a written notice of his election to
terminate the Term of Employment, effective as of a date set forth in said
notice, which effective date shall be not less than

                                       11

<PAGE>

30 days nor more than 90 days after the date of delivery of such written notice.

     11.2 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the
event of a Change in Control, should Employee terminate the Term of Employment
prior to the Expiration Date pursuant to Paragraph 11.1 hereof, or should
Employer terminate the Term of Employment prior to the Expiration Date for any
reason other than as set forth in Paragraphs 10(a) and 10(b) hereof, then,
effective as of the date set forth in Employee's or Employer's notice to
terminate the Term of Employment, Employee shall be entitled to the benefits
provided below (hereinafter referred to as "Severance Payments"):

                    (i)  Zenith shall pay to Employee his Base Compensation
     through the effective date of the notice to terminate the Term of
     Employment, at the rate in effect at the time such notice of
     termination is given, plus all other amounts to which he is entitled
     under any compensation plan of Employer, in each case at the time such
     payments are due;

                    (ii) Zenith shall pay to Employee a cash lump sum
     payment, no later than the fifteenth day following the effective date
     of the notice to terminate the Term of Employment,

                                       12

<PAGE>

     equal to the greater of (a) two times the sum of (x) his Base Compensation
     at the rate in effect as of the effective date of the notice to terminate
     the Term of Employment and (y) the highest annual bonus paid or payable to
     Employee during the three consecutive years immediately preceding his
     termination of employment, or (b) the "actuarial equivalent" of all Base
     Compensation and bonus payments that would have been payable to Employee
     pursuant to Paragraphs 4.1 and 4.2 of this Agreement had Employee continued
     to be employed through the Expiration Date, assuming, for purposes of this
     Paragraph, that the annual bonus payable to Employee pursuant to Paragraph
     4.2 of this Agreement for each year of such remaining term is equal to the
     highest annual bonus paid or payable to Employee during the three
     consecutive years immediately preceding his termination of employment.  For
     purposes of this subparagraph 11.2(ii), "actuarial equivalent" shall be
     determined by an actuary selected by Zenith, subject to approval by
     Employee, and calculated in accordance with the actuarial assumptions used
     by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to value

                                       13

<PAGE>

     liabilities for pension plans terminating as of the effective date of
     Employee's or Employer's notice to terminate the Term of Employment;

                    (iii)     During the period beginning as of the
     effective date of Employee's or Employer's notice to terminate the
     Term of Employment until the Expiration Date, Zenith shall, at its
     cost, arrange to provide Employee with life, disability, dental,
     accident and group health insurance benefits substantially similar to
     those that he was receiving immediately prior to the effective date of
     the notice to terminate the Term of Employment plus an additional
     amount necessary to reimburse Employee for any taxes imposed solely by
     reason of his receipt of such benefits following his termination of
     employment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Zenith shall not provide
     any benefit otherwise receivable by Employee pursuant to this
     subparagraph 11.2(iii) if an equivalent benefit actually received by
     him at any time during the period of coverage, and any such benefit
     actually received by him shall be reported to Zenith.

                                       14

<PAGE>

     11.3 For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean either
(i) a merger or consolidation of Zenith with or into another company or
corporation, other than (a) a merger or consolidation which would result in the
voting securities of Zenith outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) at least 75% of the combined voting power of
the voting securities of Zenith or such surviving entity outstanding immediately
after such merger or consolidation or (b) a merger or consolidation effected to
implement a recapitalization of Zenith (or similar transaction) in which no
"person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) acquires Zenith more than 50% of the combined
voting power of Zenith's then outstanding securities; or (ii) an assignment of
this Agreement by Zenith under the provisions of Paragraph 15.2 hereof; or (iii)
the sale of all or substantially all of Zenith's assets; or (iv) a change in the
identities of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Zenith
within a one-year period or less; or (v) any other transaction which would
require any party or affiliated group of parties to obtain approval from, or
require such transactions to be presented for approval by, the California
Insurance

                                       15

<PAGE>

Commissioner (assuming there is no preemption of California insurance laws by
Federal Law).

     11.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the
event that Employee becomes entitled to the Severance Payments, if any of the
Severance Payments will be subject to the tax (the "Excise Tax") imposed by
section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
Zenith shall pay to Employee an additional amount (the "Gross-Up Payment") such
that the net amount retained by Employee, after deduction of any Excise Tax on
the Total Payments (as hereinafter defined) and any federal, state and local
income and other tax and Excise Tax upon the payment provided for by this
Paragraph 11.4, shall be equal to the Total Payments.  For purposes of
determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax
and the amount of such Excise Tax, (i) any other payments or benefits received
or to be received by Employee in connection with a Change in Control or
Employee's termination of employment (whether pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement with Employer, any person
whose actions result in a change in control or any person affiliated with
Employer or such person (which, together with Severance Payments, shall
constitute "Total Payments"), shall be treated as "parachute payments" within

                                       16

<PAGE>

the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, and all "excess parachute
payments" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1) shall be treated as subject
to the Excise Tax, unless in the opinion of tax counsel selected by Zenith's
independent auditors and acceptable to Employee, such other payments or benefits
(in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, or such excess
parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable compensation for
services actually rendered within the meaning of section 280G(b)(4) of the Code
in excess of the base amount, within the meaning of section 280G(b)(3) of the
Code, or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax, (ii) the amount of the
Total Payments which shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax shall be
equal to the lesser of (A) the total amount of the Total Payments or (B) the
amount of excess parachute payments within the meaning of section 280G(b)(1)
(after applying clause (i), above), and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefits
or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by Zenith's independent
auditors in accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the
Code.  For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment, Employee
shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of
federal income taxation in the calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to
be made and state

                                       17

<PAGE>

and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and
locality of Employee's residence on the date of termination of employment, net
of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from
deduction of such state and local taxes.  In the event that the Excise Tax is
subsequently determined to be less than the amount taken into account hereunder
at the time of termination of Employee's employment, Employee shall repay to
Zenith, at the time that the amount of such reduction in Excise Tax is finally
determined, the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction
(plus that portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and
federal, state and local income tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment being repaid
by the Executive to the extent that such repayment results in a reduction in
Excise Tax and/or a federal, state or local income tax deduction) plus interest
on the amount of such repayment at the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of
the Code.  In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed the amount
taken into account hereunder at the time of the termination of Employee's
employment (including by reason of any payment the existence or amount of which
cannot be determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), Zenith shall make an
additional Gross-Up Payment in respect of such excess (plus any interest,
penalties or additions

                                       18

<PAGE>

payable by the Executive with respect to such excess) at the time that the
amount of such excess is finally determined.

     11.5 The payments provided for in Paragraphs 11.2 (other than subparagraph
11.2(iii)) and 11.4 hereof shall be made not later than the fifth day following
the date of termination of employment, provided, however, that if the amounts of
such payments cannot be finally determined on or before such day, Zenith shall
pay to Employee on such day an estimate, as determined in good faith by Zenith,
of the minimum amount of such payments to which Employee is clearly entitled and
shall pay the remainder of such payments (together with interest at the rate
provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code) as soon as the amount thereof can
be determined but in no event later than the thirtieth (30th) day after the date
of termination of employment.  In the event that the amount of the estimated
payments exceeds the amount subsequently determined to have been due, such
excess shall constitute a loan by Zenith to Employee, payable on the fifth (5th)
business day after demand by Zenith (together with interest at the rate provided
in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code).  At the time that payments are made under
this Paragraph, Zenith shall provide Employee with a written statement setting
forth the manner in which such payments were calculated and

                                       19

<PAGE>

the basis for such calculations including, without limitation, any opinions or
other advice Zenith has received from outside counsel, auditors or consultants
(and any such opinions or advice which are in writing shall be attached to the
statement).

     12.  ATTORNEY'S FEES.

     In the event that any action at law or in equity, for injunctive or
declaratory relief, is brought to enforce or interpret the provisions of this
Agreement, if Employee is the prevailing party, he shall be entitled to
reasonable attorney's fees in addition to any other relief to which he may be
entitled.

     13.  APPLICABLE LAW.

     This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with, and governed
by, the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements executed and
fully to be performed thereunder.

     14.  NOTICES.

     Any notice required to be given hereunder shall be in writing sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to either Zenith or
Employee at the addresses listed below, or at such other addresses as

                                       20

<PAGE>

either Zenith or Employee may hereafter designate in writing to the other:

          To Zenith:

                    Zenith National Insurance Corp.
                    21255 Califa Street
                    Woodland Hills, California 91367
                    Attention:     Corporate Secretary

          To Employee:

                    813 North Bedford Drive
                    Beverly Hills, California 90210

     15.  ASSIGNMENT.

     15.1 This Agreement and the rights, interests, and benefits hereunder are
personal to Employee and shall not be assigned, transferred, pledged, or
hypothecated in any way by Employee, and shall not be subject to execution,
attachment or similar process.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, or
hypothecation, or the levy of any execution, attachment or similar process
thereon, shall be null and void and without effect.

     15.2 Zenith shall have the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate
all of its rights, duties and obligation hereunder, whether in whole or in part,
to any parent, affiliate, successor, or subsidiary organization or company of
Zenith or corporation with which Zenith may merge or consolidate or which
acquires by purchase or otherwise all or substantially all of Zenith's
consolidated assets, but such assignment shall not release Employer from

                                       21

<PAGE>

its obligations under this Agreement, and in the event of any such assignment by
Zenith, Employee may, at his sole option, exercise his termination rights under
the provisions of Paragraph 11 of this Agreement.

     16.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

     This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties hereto
and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understanding whether oral or
written between the parties.  This Agreement may only be modified by an
agreement in writing executed by one of Zenith's duly authorized officers (other
than Employee), with the approval of Zenith's Board of Directors, and by
Employee.

     17.  WAIVER OF BREACH.

     The waiver by Employee of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by
Employee shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach
by Employee.

     18.  MISCELLANEOUS.

     18.1 The titles of the paragraphs of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only, and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement.

     18.2 The unenforceability or invalidity of any paragraph or subparagraph of
this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability and validity of the balance
of this Agreement.

                                       22

<PAGE>

     18.3 Each party hereto shall make, execute and deliver such other
instruments or documents as may be reasonable required in order to effectuate
the purpose of this Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement in
Woodland Hills, California, on the date indicated below.

                         ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.
                         ("Zenith")

Date: Feb 2, 1995        By /s/ Fredricka Taubitz
                            ---------------------------------
                         As agent for and on behalf of Zenith
                         and each and all of its Subsidiaries
                         ("Employer")


Date: Feb 2, 1995        By   /s/ Stanley R. Zax
                            ---------------------------------
                            STANLEY R. ZAX ("Employee")

                                       23

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                            LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT


     THIS LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into
this 15th day of December, 1994 by and between SANWA BANK CALIFORNIA (the
"Bank") and ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. (the "Borrower").


                                    SECTION I
                                AGREEMENT TO LEND

     1.01  COMMITMENT TO LEND.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and so long as no Event of Default occurs, the Bank agrees to extend
to the Borrower the credit accommodations that follow.

     1.02  LINE OF CREDIT.  The Bank agrees to make loans and advances
("Advances") to the Borrower, upon the Borrower's telephonic, written or
facsimile request therefor made prior to the Expiration Date, up to a total
principal amount from time to time outstanding of not more than $30,000,000.00
(the "Line of Credit"); provided that any sums repaid under the Line of Credit
may be reborrowed.  The Borrower may permanently reduce the amount of the Line
of Credit by notice in writing to the Bank provided such reductions are in
increments of $1,000,000.00.

          A.  PURPOSE.  Advances made under the Line of Credit shall be used for
general corporate purposes.

          B.  LINE ACCOUNT.  The Bank shall maintain on its books a record of
account in which the Bank shall make entries for each Advance and such other
debits and credits as shall be appropriate in connection with the Line of Credit
(the "Line Account").  The Bank shall provide the Borrower with a monthly
statement of the Borrower's Line Account, which statement shall be considered to
be correct and conclusively binding on the Borrower unless the Borrower notifies
the Bank to the contrary within 30 days after the Borrower's receipt of any such
statement which it deems to be incorrect.

          C.  INTEREST.  Interest shall accrue from the date of each Advance
under the Line of Credit at one of the following rates, as quoted by the Bank
and as elected by the Borrower pursuant to paragraph 1.02F or 1.02G below:

               1.  REFERENCE RATE ADVANCES.  A variable rate equivalent to an
index for a variable interest rate which is quoted, published or announced from
time to time by the Bank as its reference rate and as to which loans may be made
by the Bank at, below or above such reference rate (the "Reference Rate") minus
.25% per annum (the "Variable Rate").  Interest shall be adjusted concurrently
with any change in the Reference Rate. An Advance based upon the Variable Rate
is hereinafter referred to as a "Reference Rate Advance." Each such Reference
Rate Advance shall be a minimum of $100,000.

               2.  FED FUNDS ADVANCES.  A variable rate per annum (the "Federal
Funds Rate"), for each day in which the Advance is based upon the Federal Funds
Rate (a "Fed Funds Advance"), equivalent to 1.00% in excess of the interest rate
equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, quoted to the Bank on
such day by Federal funds brokers of recognized standing which are selected by
the Bank in its sole discretion or, if such day is not a business day, for the
immediately preceding business day.  With respect to this section 1.02(C)(2), a
business day means a day in which banks are open generally in Chicago and New
York for the conduct of substantially all of their commercial lending
activities.  Fed Funds Advances must be in the minimum amount of $250,000.00.

               3.  EURODOLLAR ADVANCES.  A fixed rate quoted by the Bank for 30,
60, 90, 120, 180 or 360 days or for such other period of time that the Bank may
quote and offer (provided that any such period of time does not extend beyond
the Expiration Date) [the "Interest Period"] for Advances in the minimum amount
of $250,000.00.  Such interest rate shall be a percentage equivalent to .75% in
excess of the Bank's Eurodollar Rate which is that rate determined by the Bank's
Treasury Desk as being the approximate rate at which the Bank could purchase
offshore U.S. dollar deposits in an amount approximately equal to the amount of
the relevant Advance and for a period of time approximately equal to the
relevant Interest Period (adjusted for any and all assessments, surcharges and
reserve requirements pertaining to the purchase by the Bank of such U.S. dollar
deposits) [the "Eurodollar Rate"].  An Advance based upon the Eurodollar Rate is
hereinafter referred to as a "Eurodollar Advance."

     Interest on any advance shall be computed on the basis of 360 days per
year, but charged on the actual number of days elapsed.

                                       -1-

<PAGE>

     Interest on any Reference Rate Advance or Fed Funds Advance (hereinafter
referred to as "Variable Rate Advances") shall be paid in monthly installments
commencing on the last day of the month following the date of the first such
Advance and continuing on the last day of each month thereafter.

     Interest on any Eurodollar Advance with an Interest Period of 90 or less
days shall be paid on the last day of the Interest Period pertaining to such
Eurodollar Rate Advance.  Interest on any Eurodollar Rate Advance with an
Interest Period in excess of 90 days shall be paid quarterly (i.e., on the last
day of each 90 day period occurring in such Interest Period) and on the last day
of the Interest Period pertaining to such Eurodollar Rate Advance.

     If interest is not paid as and when it is due, it shall be added to the
principal, become and be treated as a part thereof, and shall thereafter bear
like interest.

          D.  PRINCIPAL.  Unless sooner due in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, the Borrower hereby promises and agrees to pay to the Bank in full
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Advances then outstanding, together
with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon on the Expiration Date.

          E.  EXPIRATION OF LINE OF CREDIT.  Unless earlier terminated in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Bank's commitment to make
Advances to the Borrower hereunder shall automatically expire on November 30,
1999 (the "Expiration Date").

          F.  NOTICE OF BORROWING.  Upon telephonic, written or facsimile notice
which shall be received by the Bank at or before 10:00 a.m. (California time) on
a business day, the Borrower may borrow under the Line of Credit by requesting:

               1.  A VARIABLE RATE ADVANCE.  A Variable Rate Advance may be made
on the day notice is received by the Bank; provided, however, that if the Bank
shall not have received notice at or before 11:00 a.m. on the day such Advance
is requested to be made, such Variable Rate Advance may, at the Bank's option,
be made on the next business day.

               2.  A EURODOLLAR RATE ADVANCE.  Notice of any Eurodollar Rate
Advance shall be received by the Bank no later than two business days prior to
the day (which shall be a business day) on which the Borrower requests such
Eurodollar Rate Advance to be made.

          G.  NOTICE OF ELECTION TO ADJUST INTEREST RATE.  Upon telephonic,
written or facsimile notice which shall be received by the Bank at or before
10:00 a.m. (California time) on a business day, the Borrower may elect:

               1.  That interest on a Variable Rate Advance, which continues to
remain a Variable Rate Advance, shall accrue at the sole discretion of the
Borrower at either the Federal Funds Rate or at the Variable Rate;

               2.  That interest on a Variable Rate Advance shall be adjusted to
accrue at the Eurodollar Rate; provided, however, that such notice shall be
received by the Bank no later than two business days prior to the day (which
shall be a business day) on which the Borrower requests that interest be
adjusted to accrue at the Eurodollar Rate.

               3.  That interest on a Eurodollar Rate Advance shall continue to
accrue at a newly quoted Eurodollar Rate or shall be adjusted to commence to
accrue at the Variable Rate or the Federal Funds Rate; provided, however, that
such notice shall be received by the Bank no later than two business days prior
to the last day of the Interest Period pertaining to such Eurodollar Rate
Advance.  If the Bank shall not have received notice (as prescribed herein) of
the Borrower's election that interest on any Eurodollar Rate Advance shall
continue to accrue at the newly quoted Eurodollar Rate, the Borrower shall be
deemed to have elected that interest thereon shall be adjusted to accrue at the
Variable Rate upon the expiration of the Interest Period pertaining to such
Advance.

          H.  PREPAYMENT.  The Borrower may prepay any Advance in whole or in
part, at any time and without penalty, provided, however, that:  (i) any partial
prepayment shall first be applied to accrued and unpaid interest and next to the
outstanding principal balance; and (ii) during any period of time in which
interest is accruing on any Advance on the basis of the Eurodollar Rate, no
prepayment shall be made except on a day which is the last day of the Interest
Period pertaining thereto.  If the whole or any part of any Eurodollar Advance
is prepaid by reason of acceleration or otherwise, the Borrower shall, upon the
Bank's request, promptly pay to and indemnify the Bank for all costs and any
loss (including interest) actually incurred by the Bank as a consequence of such
prepayment.

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

          I.  INDEMNIFICATION FOR EURODOLLAR RATE COSTS.  During any period of
time in which interest on any Advance is accruing on the basis of the Eurodollar
Rate, the Borrower shall, upon the Bank's request, promptly pay to and reimburse
the Bank for all costs incurred and payments made by the Bank by reason of any
future assessment, reserve, deposit or similar requirement or any surcharge, tax
or fee imposed upon the Bank or as a result of the Bank's compliance with any
directive or requirement of any regulatory authority pertaining or relating to
funds used by the Bank in quoting and determining the Eurodollar Rate.

          J.  CONVERSION FROM EURODOLLAR RATE TO VARIABLE RATE.  In the event
that the Bank shall at any time reasonably  determine that the accrual of
interest on the basis of the Eurodollar Rate (i) is infeasible because the Bank
is unable to determine the Eurodollar Rate due to the unavailability of U.S.
dollar deposits or contracts in an amount approximately equal to the amount of
the relevant Advance and for a period of time approximately equal to relevant
Interest Period or (ii) is or has become unlawful or infeasible by reason of the
Bank's compliance with any new law, rule, regulation, guideline or order, or any
new interpretation of any present law, rule, regulation, guideline or order,
then the Bank shall give telephonic notice thereof (confirmed in writing) to the
Borrower, in which event the Eurodollar Advance shall be deemed to be a
Reference Rate Advance and interest shall thereupon immediately accrue at the
Variable Rate.

     1.03  DISBURSEMENT OF PROCEEDS FROM ADVANCES.  Any Advance made hereunder
shall be conclusively presumed to have been made to and for the Borrower's
benefit when the proceeds of such Advance are disbursed in accordance with the
Borrower's instructions or deposited into a checking account of the Borrower
maintained at the Bank.

     1.04  LOAN FEE; COMMITMENT FEE.  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Bank (i)
no later than thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement, a non-
refundable loan fee in the amount of $37,500.00 and (ii) from the date hereof to
the termination of this Agreement a fee equal to 0.25% per annum of the average
daily amount of the Line of Credit, payable in arrears for the immediately
preceding calendar quarter on the 15th day of each January, April, July and
October of each year and payable at the termination date of this Agreement for
the immediately preceding calendar quarter, if not previously paid, and for the
then current calendar quarter. With respect to the first and last fee payments
as required under this section 1.04(ii), such fees shall be calculated pro rata
with respect to the number of days during the applicable time periods for which
the Line of Credit has been in effect.


                                   SECTION II
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

     2.01  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO FIRST ADVANCE.  Prior to the first Advance
hereunder, the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Bank, in
form and substance satisfactory to the Bank:

          A.  AUTHORITY TO BORROW.  Evidence relating to the duly given approval
and authorization of the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
all other documents, instruments and agreements required under this Agreement
and all other actions to be taken by the Borrower hereunder or thereunder.

          B.  LOAN DOCUMENTS.  All documents, instruments and agreements
required or necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated under this
Agreement (collectively the "Loan Documents"), all fully executed.

          C.  MISCELLANEOUS DOCUMENTS.  Such other documents and opinions as the
Bank may require with respect to the transactions described in this Agreement.

     2.02  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO ALL ADVANCES.  The obligation of the Bank to
make each Advance (including the first Advance) is subject to the further
conditions precedent that, as of the date of each Advance and after the making
of such Advance:

          A.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and
warranties set forth herein and in any other document, instrument, agreement or
certificate delivered to the Bank hereunder are true and correct.

          B.  EVENT OF DEFAULT.  No event has occurred and is continuing which
constitutes, or, with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both, would
constitute an Event of Default as defined in Section V hereof.

     For the purposes hereof, the Borrower's acceptance of the proceeds of any
Advance shall be deemed to constitute the Borrower's representation and warranty
that the statements set forth in sections 2.02 A. and 2.02 B above are true and
correct.

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

                                   SECTION III
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The Borrower hereby makes the following representations and warranties to
the Bank, which representations and warranties are continuing:

     3.01  STATUS.  The Borrower and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation
duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of its
incorporation and is properly licensed, qualified to do business and in good
standing in, and, where necessary to maintain its rights and privileges, has
complied with the fictitious name statute of every jurisdiction in which it is
doing business.

     3.02  AUTHORITY.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower
of this Agreement and the Loan Documents have been duly authorized and do not
and will not:  (i) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, writ,
judgment or injunction presently in effect and materially affecting the
Borrower; (ii) result in a material breach of or constitute a material default
under any material agreement to which the Borrower is a party or by which it or
its properties may be bound of affected; or (iii) require any consent or
approval of its stockholders or violate any provision of its certificate of
incorporation or by-laws.

     3.03  LEGAL EFFECT.  This Agreement constitutes, and any document,
instrument or agreement required hereunder when delivered will constitute,
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against the
Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

     3.04  FICTITIOUS TRADE STYLES.  All fictitious trade styles used by the
Borrower in connection with its business operations and each state in which each
such fictitious trade style is used are listed below.  The Borrower shall notify
the Bank not less than 30 days prior to effecting any change in the matters
described below or prior to using any other fictitious trade style at any future
date, indicating the trade style and state(s) of its use.

                    TRADE STYLE                             STATE OF USE
                     THE ZENITH                           CALIFORNIA
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     3.05  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  All financial statements, information and
other data which may have been or which may hereafter be submitted by the
Borrower to the Bank are true, accurate and correct and have been or will be
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied (or, as appropriate, in accordance with statutory
accounting principles) and accurately represent the Borrower's financial
condition or, as applicable, the other information disclosed therein.  Since the
most recent submission of any such financial statement, information or other
data to the Bank, the Borrower represents and warrants that no material adverse
change in the Borrower's financial condition or operations has occurred which
has not been fully disclosed to the Bank in writing.

     3.06  LITIGATION.  Except as have been disclosed to the Bank in writing,
there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or the Borrower's
properties before any court or administrative agency which, if determined
adversely to the Borrower, would have a material adverse effect on the
Borrower's financial condition or operations.

     3.07  GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS.  The Borrower and its subsidiaries have
obtained all permits and approvals from the California Department of Insurance
and any other state regulatory authority that may be required to conduct its
respective business as presently conducted.

     3.08  TITLE TO ASSETS; PERMITTED LIENS.  The Borrower and its subsidiaries
have title to all of its assets subject only to security interests,
encumbrances, liens or claims of any third person as follows:  (i) liens and
security interests securing indebtedness owed by the Borrower to the Bank; (ii)
liens for taxes, assessments or similar charges either not yet due and payable
or being duly contested in good faith; (iii) liens of mechanics, materialmen,
warehousemen or other like liens arising in the ordinary course of business and
securing obligations which are not yet delinquent; (iv) liens and security
interests which, as of the date of this Agreement, have been disclosed to and
approved by the Bank in writing; (v) purchase money liens or purchase money
security interests upon or in any property acquired or held by the Borrower in
the ordinary course of business to secure indebtedness outstanding on the date
hereof or permitted to be incurred hereunder; (vi) any liens on the assets of
Perma-Bilt, A Nevada Corporation ("Perma-Bilt"); and (vii) those liens and
security interests which in the aggregate constitute an immaterial and
insignificant monetary amount with respect to the value of the Borrower's assets
(collectively "Permitted Liens").


                                       -4-

<PAGE>

     3.09  ERISA.  If the Borrower has a pension, profit sharing or retirement
plan subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
from time to time, including any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
("ERISA"), such plan has been and will continue to be funded in accordance with
its terms and otherwise complies with and continues to comply with the
requirements of ERISA.

     3.10  TAXES.  The Borrower has filed all tax returns required to be filed
and paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, including interest and penalties,
other than taxes which are not currently due or those which are being duly
contested in good faith.

     3.11  NO EXERCISED PUT RIGHT OF HOLDERS OF NOTES UNDER INDENTURE.  The
holders of the 9.00% senior notes due May 1,2002 covered by that certain Zenith
National Insurance Corp. to Norwest Bank Minnesota, National Association,
Trustee, Indenture Dated as of May 1, 1992 (the "Indenture") have not exercised,
or given notice of their intention to exercise their Put Right under Section
3.05 of the Indenture.


                                   SECTION IV
                                    COVENANTS

     The Borrower covenants and agrees that, during the term of this Agreement,
and so long thereafter as the Borrower is indebted to the Bank under this
Agreement, the Borrower shall, unless the Bank otherwise consents in writing:

     4.01  PRESERVATION OF EXISTENCE; COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS.  Borrower
and its subsidiaries shall maintain and preserve its existence and all rights
and privileges now enjoyed; not liquidate or dissolve, merge or consolidate with
or into an entity (which would be survivor); and conduct its business in
accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

     4.02  MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE.  Maintain insurance in such amounts and
covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar
businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the
Borrower operates and maintain such other insurance and coverages as may be
reasonably required by the Bank.

     4.03  PAYMENT OF OBLIGATIONS AND TAXES.  Make timely payment of all
assessments and taxes and all of its liabilities and obligations unless the same
are being contested in good faith.

     4.04  INSPECTION RIGHTS.  At any reasonable time and from time to time
permit the Bank or any representative thereof to examine and make copies of the
pertinent records and visit the properties of the Borrower and to discuss the
business and operations of the Borrower with the President and Chairman of the
Board, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President of Finance, Vice
President of Finance, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer, or those employees
designated by any of the preceding officers, of the Borrower or any of its
subsidiaries.  If the Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any
records (including, but not limited to, computer generated records and computer
programs for the generation of such records) in the possession of a third party,
the Borrower hereby agrees to notify such third party to permit the Bank free
access to such pertinent records at all reasonable times and to provide the Bank
with copies of any pertinent records it may request, all at the Borrower's
expense, the amount of which shall be payable immediately upon demand.

     4.05  REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.  Deliver or cause to be delivered to the Bank
in form and detail satisfactory to the Bank:

          A.  ANNUAL STATEMENTS.  Not later than 120 days after the end of each
of the Borrower's fiscal years, a copy of the audited consolidated annual
financial report of the Borrower for such year.

          B.  QUARTERLY STATEMENTS.  Not later than 75 days after the end of the
first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the Borrower's
consolidated financial statement as of the end of such quarter.

          C.  TRIANNUAL AUDIT.  Not later than 30 days after the Borrower
receives it, a copy of the triannual audit of Zenith Insurance Company and
CalFarm Life Insurance Company prepared by the Department of Insurance.

          D.  QUARTERLY STATUTORY STATEMENTS.  Not later than 75 days after the
end of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the
quarterly statutory statement of Zenith Insurance Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries and the quarterly statutory statement of CalFarm Life Insurance
Company.

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

          E.  ANNUAL STATUTORY STATEMENTS.  Not later than 120 days after the
end of each of the Borrower's fiscal years, copies of the annual statutory
statements of Zenith Insurance Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and the
annual statutory statements of CalFarm Life Insurance Company.

          F.  COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE.  Not later than 75 days after the end of
the first three quarters and 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, a certificate signed by the President and Chairman of the Board
stating that the statements set forth in Section 2.02A and 2.02B herein are true
as of the date of such certificate.

          G.  CREDIT RATING CHANGES.  Promptly, and in any event within three
business days after a senior officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge thereof,
notice of any change in the credit rating assigned by Moody's or S&P to any
long-term debt of the Borrower (including without limitation, any change in the
Moody's Credit Rating or the S&P Credit Rating).

          H.  OTHER INFORMATION.  Promptly upon transmission thereof, copies of
any filings and registrations with and reports to, the SEC by the Borrower or
any of its subsidiaries (other than any registration statement on Form S-8) and
copies of all financial statements, proxy statements, notices and reports as the
Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall send to analysts generally or to the
holders (other than the Borrower and its subsidiaries) of their capital stock in
their capacity as such holders (in each case to the extent not theretofore
delivered to the Bank pursuant to this Agreement) and, with reasonable
promptness, such other information or documents, financial or otherwise) as the
Bank may reasonably request from time to time.

     4.06  ADDITIONAL INDEBTEDNESS OF INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES.  Borrower's
consolidated property and casualty insurance subsidiaries shall not, after the
date hereof, create, incur or assume, directly or indirectly, any indebtedness
exceeding in the aggregate the amount of $20,000,000.00.  CalFarm Life Insurance
Company shall not, after the date hereof, create, incur or assume, directly or
indirectly, any indebtedness exceeding in the aggregate the amount of
$10,000,000.00.  The term indebtedness ("Indebtedness") for any borrower as used
in this Agreement shall mean, at any date, the aggregate amount, excluding in
all cases the amount of indebtedness owed to a corporate affiliate, of, without
duplication, (a) all obligations for borrowed money from banks including, but
not limited to, guaranties and letters of credit, (b) all obligations evidenced
by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations to pay
the deferred purchase price of property or services, (d) capitalized lease
obligations, (e) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a lien on
any asset, whether or not such obligation or liability is assumed, and (f) any
other obligations or liabilities which are required by generally accepted
accounting principles to be shown as debt on the balance sheet.

     4.07  LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES.  Not create, assume or permit to exist any
security interest, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust or other lien including,
but not limited to, a lien of attachment, judgment or execution) affecting any
of the Borrower's properties, or execute or allow to be filed any financing
statement or continuation thereof affecting any such properties, except for
Permitted Liens and as otherwise provided in this Agreement.

     4.08  TRANSFER ASSETS.  Not sell, contract for sale, transfer, convey,
assign, lease or sublet any of its assets except in the ordinary course of
business as presently conducted by the Borrower and except for real property,
and then, only for full, fair and reasonable consideration.

     4.09  CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS.  Not make any material change in
its corporate structure or in the nature of its business as existing or
conducted as of the date of this Agreement.

     4.10  FINANCIAL CONDITION.  Maintain at all times:

          A.  NET WORTH.  A minimum consolidated tangible net worth of not less
than $275,000,000.00, provided, however, that: (i) the minimum consolidated
tangible net worth on or after the effective date of this Agreement shall
automatically be reduced by an amount equal to the cumulative purchase amounts
(net of any transaction costs and commissions) paid by the Borrower for the
repurchase of its common stock with the restriction that all such reductions to
the minimum consolidated tangible net worth resulting from the repurchases of
the Borrower's common stock shall not exceed $30,000,000.00 for the purpose of
this section 4.10(A); and (ii) inclusive of the reductions to the consolidated
tangible net worth permitted under section 4.10(A)(i), the consolidated tangible
net worth of the Borrower shall not be less than $245,000,000.00 at any time
during the term of this Agreement.

          B.  TOTAL INDEBTEDNESS TO NET WORTH RATIO.  An aggregate consolidated
Indebtedness to consolidated tangible net worth ratio of not more than 0.5 to 1.

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

     For purposes of the foregoing, the term "Consolidated Tangible Net Worth"
shall mean, at any time, the net worth of the Borrower and its subsidiaries
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles after appropriate deduction for any minority interests in
subsidiaries and less all intangible assets (which term shall exclude deferred
policy acquisition costs and purchased intangibles).  The term "Net Worth" shall
mean the sum of the Borrower's capital stock, capital in excess of par or stated
value of shares of its capital stock, retained earnings and any other account
which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, constitutes
stockholders' equity, but excluding the effect, if any, of unrealized capital
gains and losses.  The term "Consolidated Indebtedness" shall mean all of the
Borrower's and its subsidiaries' Indebtedness, excluding all Indebtedness of
Perma-Bilt and provided that such Indebtedness of Perma-Bilt is not guaranteed
by the Borrower or one of its subsidiaries.

          C.  AGGREGATE STATUTORY SURPLUS.  Zenith Insurance Company (and its
consolidated subsidiaries) and CalFarm Life Insurance Company shall maintain an
aggregate statutory surplus of at least $175,000,000.00

          D.  NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN TO POLICYHOLDERS' SURPLUS.  Zenith Insurance
Company and its consolidated insurance subsidiaries shall maintain a
consolidated ratio of net premiums written to policyholders' surplus of no more
than 3.0:1 on a rolling four quarter basis.

          E.  CONSOLIDATED INDEBTEDNESS.  An aggregate Consolidated Indebtedness
of no more than $200,000,000.00.

          F.  ADVANCES TO PERMA-BILT.  Advances and loans extended to Perma-Bilt
of no more than $25,000,000.00.

     4.11  NOTICES.  Give prompt written notice to the Bank of any and all (i)
Events of Default; (ii) litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings to
which the Borrower is a defendant and in which the claim or liability exceeds
$15,000,000.00 and (iii) other matters which resulted in or may result in a
material adverse change in the financial conditions or business operation of the
Borrower.

     4.12  KEY EMPLOYEE.  Continue to employ Stanley R. Zax as its chief
executive officer with the degree of authority and responsibility he presently
exercises in his capacity as President and Chairman of the Board.

     4.13  CORPORATE RATING.  Zenith Insurance Company (on a pooled or
individual basis) and CalFarm Life Insurance Company shall maintain at all times
an A.M. Best rating of no lower than B+.


                                    SECTION V
                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     Any one or more of the following described events shall constitute an event
of default (an "Event of Default") under this Agreement:

     5.01  NON-PAYMENT.  The Borrower shall fail to pay any payment of principal
or interest or any other sum referred to in this Agreement within five (5) days
after notice from the Bank that the same is past due.

     5.02  PERFORMANCE UNDER THIS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS.  The Borrower shall fail
in any material respect to perform or observe any material term, covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement or in any material document, instrument or
agreement evidencing or relating to any material indebtedness of the Borrower
(whether owed to the Bank or third persons), and any such failure (exclusive of
the payment of money to the Bank under this Agreement or under any other
document, instrument or agreement, which failure shall constitute and be an
immediate Event of Default if not paid within five (5) business days after
notice from the Bank that the same is past due) shall continue for more than 30
days after written notice from the Bank to the Borrower of the existence and
character of such Event of Default or should the default require more than
thirty (30) days but less than ninety (90) days to correct, the Borrower does
not commence material corrective action within thirty (30) days and actively
pursues such corrective action.

     5.03  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  Any
representation or warranty made by the Borrower under or in connection with this
Agreement or any financial statement given by the Borrower shall prove to have
been incorrect in any material respect when made or given or when deemed to have
been made or given.

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

     5.04  INSOLVENCY.  The Borrower shall:  (i) become insolvent or be unable
to pay its debts as they mature; (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of
creditors or to an agent authorized to liquidate any substantial amount of its
properties or assets; (iii) file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or seeking
reorganization or to effect a plan or other arrangement with creditors; (iv)
file an answer admitting the material allegations of an involuntary petition
relating to bankruptcy or reorganization or join in any such petition; (v)
become or be adjudicated a bankrupt; (vi) apply for or consent to the
appointment of, or consent that an order be made, appointing any receiver,
custodian or trustee for itself or any of its properties, assets or businesses;
or (vii) any receiver, custodian or trustee shall have been appointed for all or
a substantial part of its properties, assets or businesses and shall not be
discharged within 30 days after the date of such appointment.


     5.05  EXECUTION.  Any writ of execution or attachment or any judgment lien
shall be issued against any property of the Borrower and shall not be discharged
or bonded against or released within 30 days after the issuance or attachment of
such writ or lien.

     5.06  SUSPENSION.  The Borrower shall voluntarily suspend the transaction
of business or allow to be suspended, terminated, revoked or expired any permit,
license or approval of any governmental body necessary to conduct the Borrower's
business as now conducted.



                                   SECTION VI
                               REMEDIES ON DEFAULT

     Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Bank may, at its sole
election, without demand and upon only such notice as may be required by law:

     6.01  ACCELERATION.  Declare any or all of the Borrower's indebtedness
owing to the Bank, whether under this Agreement or under any other document,
instrument or agreement for indebtedness, immediately due and payable, whether
or not otherwise due and payable.

     6.02  CEASE EXTENDING CREDIT.  Cease making Advances or otherwise extending
credit to or for the account of the Borrower under this Agreement or under any
other agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between the Borrower and
the Bank.

     6.03  TERMINATION.  Terminate this Agreement as to any future obligation of
the Bank without affecting the Borrower's obligations to the Bank or the Bank's
rights and remedies under this Agreement or under any other document, instrument
or agreement for indebtedness.

     6.04  NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF REMEDIES.  Exercise one or more of the Bank's
rights set forth herein or seek such other rights or pursue such other remedies
as may be provided by law, in equity or in any other agreement now existing or
hereafter entered into between the Borrower and the Bank for indebtedness, or
otherwise.


                                   SECTION VII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     7.01  AMOUNTS PAYABLE ON DEMAND.  If the Borrower fails to pay on demand
any amount so payable under this Agreement, the Bank may, at its option and
without any obligation to do so and without waiving any default occasioned by
the Borrower's failure to pay such amount, create an Advance in an amount equal
to the amount so payable, which Advance shall thereafter bear interest as
provided under the Line of Credit.

     7.02  DEFAULT INTEREST RATE.  If an Event of Default, or an event which,
with notice or passage of time could become an Event of Default, has occurred or
is continuing, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank interest on any indebtedness
or amount payable under this Agreement at a rate which is 2% in excess of the
rate or rates then in effect under this Agreement.

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

     7.03  APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS:  All amounts received by the Bank whether as
payments or as proceeds from the disposition or liquidation of collateral, if
any, shall be applied to the Borrower's indebtedness to the Bank as follows:
first, to the costs and expenses of collection, enforcement, protection and
preservation, including but not limited to the Bank's lien in the collateral and
including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, whether or not suit is
commenced by the Bank; next, to those costs and expenses incurred by the Bank in
enforcing and collecting this Agreement including protecting, preserving,
liquidating, selling or disposing of the collateral, if any; next, to the
payment of accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Obligations; next, to the
payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Obligations; and last, to
the payment of any other indebtedness owed by the Borrower to the Bank.  Any
excess existing after the payment of the foregoing will be returned or paid by
the Bank to the Borrower.

     7.04  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE BORROWER AND THE BANK EACH WAIVE THEIR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER
LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR
PARTIES, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE.
THE BORROWER AND THE BANK EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION
SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING,
THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS
WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER
PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR
ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY PROVISION
HEREOF OR THEREOF.  THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS,
RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS.

     7.05  ACCOUNTING AND OTHER TERMS.  All references to financial statements,
assets, liabilities and similar accounting terms not specifically defined in
this Agreement shall mean such financial statements prepared and such terms
determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied or in accordance with statutory accounting principles where
appropriate.  Except where otherwise specified in this Agreement, all financial
data submitted or to be submitted to the Bank pursuant to this Agreement shall
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied or in accordance with statutory accounting principles where
appropriate.  Terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the
meanings attributed to such terms in the California Uniform Commercial Code.

     7.06  RELIANCE.  Each warranty, representation, covenant and agreement
contained in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been relied
upon by the Bank regardless of any investigation made or information possessed
by the Bank and shall be cumulative and in addition to any other warranties,
representations, covenants or agreements which the Borrower shall now or
hereafter give, or cause to be given, to the Bank.

     7.07  ATTORNEY'S FEES.  In the event of any action in relation to this
Agreement or any document, instrument or agreement executed with respect to,
evidencing or securing the indebtedness hereunder, the prevailing party, in
addition to all other sums to which it may be entitled, shall be entitled to
reasonable attorneys' fees.

     7.08  NOTICES.  All notices, payments, requests, information and demands
which either party hereto may desire, or may be required to give or make to the
other party shall be given or made to such party by hand delivery or through
deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, or by Western Union
telegram, addressed to the address set forth below such party's signature to
this Agreement or to such other address as may be specified from time to time in
writing by either party to the other.

     7.09  WAIVER.  Neither the failure nor delay by the Bank in exercising any
right hereunder or under any document, instrument or agreement mentioned herein
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any right hereunder or under any document, instrument or agreement mentioned
herein preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right; nor shall any waiver of any right or default hereunder or under any other
document, instrument or agreement mentioned herein constitute a waiver of any
other right or default or constitute a waiver of any other default of the same
or any other term or provision.

     7.10  CONFLICTING PROVISIONS.  To the extent that any of the terms or
provisions contained in this Agreement are inconsistent with those contained in
any other document, instrument or agreement executed pursuant hereto, the terms
and provisions contained herein shall control.  Otherwise, such provisions shall
be considered cumulative.

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

     7.11  BINDING EFFECT; ASSIGNMENT.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Bank and their respective
successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to
assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the Bank's prior
written consent.  The Bank may sell, assign or grant participations in all or
any portion of its rights and benefits hereunder.  The Borrower agrees that, in
connection with any such sale, grant or assignment, the Bank may deliver to the
prospective buyer, participant or assignee financial statements and other
relevant information relating to the Borrower.

     7.12  JURISDICTION.  This Agreement, any notes issued hereunder, and any
documents, instruments or agreements mentioned or referred to herein shall be
governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of California, to
the jurisdiction of whose courts the parties hereby submit.

     7.13  HEADINGS.  The headings set forth herein are solely for the purpose
of identification and have no legal significance.

     7.14  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement and the Loan Documents shall
constitute the entire and complete understanding of the parties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereunder.  All previous conversations, memoranda
and writings between the parties or pertaining to the transactions contemplated
hereunder that are not incorporate or referenced in this Agreement or the Loan
Documents are superseded hereby.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties hereto
as of the date first hereinabove
written.


BANK:

SANWA BANK CALIFORNIA


By: /s/ Richard H. Palmer
- ----------------------------------------------------
      Richard H. Palmer, Vice President
- ----------------------------------------------------
                   (Name/Title)

Address:  Insurance & Financial Services, LA CBC
          601 S. Figueroa Street, W8-6
          Los Angeles, California  90017



BORROWER:

ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP.


By: /s/ Stanley R. Zax
- ----------------------------------------------------
 Stanley R. Zax, President and Chairman of the Board
- ----------------------------------------------------
                           (Name/Title)

Address:  21255 Califa Street
          Woodland Hills, California  91367


                                      -10-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>REVOLING NOTE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

[LOGO] CITY NATIONAL BANK                                         REVOLVING NOTE
                                                        (INTEREST TIED TO PRIME)

                                                               ________Note No.

$20,000,000.00                                                       Head Office
                                                       Beverly Hills, California
                                                              September 30, 1994

     On July 1, 1995, the undersigned, Zenith Insurance Corp., a Delaware
corporation ("Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of City National Bank, a
national banking association ("CNB"), at its office in this city, in lawful
money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, the
principal sum of Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00), or so much thereof as
may be advanced and be outstanding, with interest thereon to be computed on each
advance from the date of its disbursement at a rate computed on the basis of a
360-day year, actual days elapsed, equal to the Prime Rate of CNB, as it exists
from time to time, minus fifty-five one hundredths of one percent (0.55%) per
year. Any change in the Prime Rate shall become effective on the same business
day on which the Prime Rate shall change, without prior notice to Borrower.

     All or any portion of the principal of this Note may be borrowed, repaid
and reborrowed from time to time prior to maturity, provided at the time of any
borrowing no Event of Default (as herein defined) exists, and provided further
that the total borrowings outstanding at any one time shall not exceed Twenty
Million Dollars ($20,000,000.00). Each borrowing and repayment hereunder shall
be noted in the books and records of CNB. The excess of borrowings over
repayments shall evidence the principal due hereon from time to time and at any
time. Borrowings hereunder shall be conclusively presumed to have been made to
or for the benefit of Borrower when made as noted in such books and records.

     Interest accrued on this Note shall be payable on the first day of each
calendar quarter, commencing January 1, 1995.

     A facility fee equal to $56,250.00 shall be payable in three (3) equal
consecutive installments, each in the amount of $18,750.00 on November 15, 1994,
February 15, 1995, and May 15, 1995.

     The occurrence of any of the following with respect to Borrower shall
constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:

1.   The failure to make any payment of principal or interest when due under
     this Note, when such failure continues for ten (10) days after notice from
     CNB;

2.   The filing of a petition by or against Borrower under any provisions of the
     BANKRUPTCY CODE;

3.   The appointment of a receiver or an assignee for the benefit of Borrower's
     creditors;

4.   The commencement of dissolution or liquidation proceedings or the
     disqualification of Borrower, whether a corporation, partnership, joint
     venture or any other type of entity;

5.   Any financial statement provided by Borrower to CNB is false or misleading;

6.   Any material default in the payment or performance of any obligation, or
     any material default under any provisions of any material contract or
     instrument pursuant to which Borrower has incurred any obligation for
     borrowed money, any purchase obligation or any other liability of any kind
     to any person or entity, including CNB;

7.   Any sale or transfer of all or a substantial material part of the assets of
     Borrower other than in the ordinary course of business; or

<PAGE>

8.   Any material violation, breach or default under any letter agreement or any
     other contract or instrument executed in connection with this Note or
     securing this Note.

     Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, CNB, at its option, may
declare all sums of principal and interest outstanding hereunder to be
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
dishonor all of which are expressly waived by Borrower, and CNB shall have no
obligation to make any further advances hereunder. Borrower agrees to pay all
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, expended or incurred
by the holder (or allocable to the holder's in-house counsel) in connection with
the enforcement of this Note or the collection of any sums due hereunder and
irrespective of whether suit is filed. Any principal or interest not paid when
due hereunder shall thereafter bear additional interest from its due date at a
rate of two percent (2.0%) per year higher than the interest rate as determined
and computed above, and continuing thereafter until paid.

     Should more than one person or entity execute this Note as a Borrower, the
obligations of each such Borrower shall be joint and several.

     This Note and all matters relating thereto, shall be governed by the laws
of the State of California.

                                   Zenith National Insurance Corp., a
                                   Delaware corporation


                                   By:  /s/ Stanley R. Zax
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                      Stanley R. Zax, Chairman of the
                                      Board/President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 11
                ZENITH NATIONAL INSURANCE CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                        ----------------------------------------------
                                                                             1994            1993            1992
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
<S>        <C>                                                          <C>             <C>             <C>
(A)        Net income.................................................  $   37,900,000  $   53,200,000  $   28,700,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
           Number of shares used in calculating primary earnings per
           share:
             Weighted average outstanding shares during the period....      18,906,000      18,998,000      18,914,000
             Additional common shares issuable under employee stock
               options using the treasury stock method (Note 1):......         184,000         299,000           4,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
(B)        Average outstanding shares.................................      19,090,000      19,297,000      18,918,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
           Primary earnings per share
           (A) / (B)..................................................           $1.99           $2.76           $1.52
                                                                                  ----            ----            ----
                                                                                  ----            ----            ----
           Number of shares used in calculating fully diluted earnings
           per share:
             Weighted average outstanding shares during the period....      18,906,000      18,998,000      18,914,000
             Additional common shares issuable under employee stock
               options using the treasury stock method (Note 2):......         191,000         326,000          37,000
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                            19,097,000      19,324,000      18,951,000
(C)        Average outstanding shares.................................
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
                                                                        --------------  --------------  --------------
           Fully diluted earnings per share
           (A) / (C)..................................................           $1.98           $2.75           $1.51
                                                                                  ----            ----            ----
                                                                                  ----            ----            ----
<FN>
- ------------------------
NOTES:
(1) Based on the average quarterly market price of each period.
(2)  Based on the higher of the average market price or price at the end of each
    period.
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF A/R
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

            The information in the following table provides estimates of
        incurred losses by accident year, evaluated in the year they
        were incurred and as they were subsequently evaluated in
        succeeding years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Incurred loss and loss adjustment expense (1)
Years in which  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 losses were                reported at end of year (dollars in thousands)
   incurred        1989        1990        1991        1992        1993        1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>

Prior to 1989   $1,315,802  $1,306,122  $1,301,039  $1,301,497  $1,304,442  $1,304,670
  1989             231,956     234,878     229,121     234,481     238,051     238,547
Cumulative       1,547,758   1,541,000   1,530,160   1,535,978   1,542,493   1,543,217
  1990                         246,088     258,356     269,321     274,281     274,505
Cumulative                   1,787,088   1,788,516   1,805,299   1,816,774   1,817,722
  1991                                     264,243     267,488     273,817     273,300
Cumulative                               2,052,759   2,072,787   2,090,591   2,091,022
  1992                                                 270,162     261,510     263,543
Cumulative                                           2,342,949   2,352,101   2,354,565
  1993                                                             266,316     254,208
Cumulative                                                       2,618,417   2,608,773
  1994                                                                         273,358
Ratios:
  1989               65.02%      65.83%      64.22%      65.72%      66.72%      66.86%
  1990                           65.94       69.23       72.17       73.50       73.56
  1991                                       70.05       70.91       72.59       72.45
  1992                                                   70.73       68.47       69.00
  1993                                                               65.23       62.27
  1994                                                                           67.63
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
             (1) This analysis displays the accident year incurred loss and loss
        adjustment expense development on a statutory basis for accident years
        1989-1994 for all property-casualty business. The total cost for all
        claims occurring within each annual period is shown first at the end of
        that year and then annually thereafter. The total cost includes both
        payments made and the estimate of future payments as of each year end.
        Past development may not be an accurate indicator of future development
        since trends and conditions change.
</TABLE>

8
<PAGE>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

                                    Overview

    The following discussion presents our past results and our expectations for
the near future. The tables below clearly show the impact of lower interest
rates during the last three years as well as the change in underwriting results
with and without catastrophes. A year to year comparison is also significantly
influenced by realized gains on investments. The process of establishing loss
reserves is an imprecise science involving significant judgement factors. The
table on page 27 clearly shows the significant impact
of loss reserve estimation on yearly comparisons of results.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                                                1994       1993       1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>
Investment income, after tax, excluding health and life             $  25,670  $  25,475  $  31,402
Realized gains on investments, after tax                                1,590     17,932     10,847
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sub-total                                                              27,260     43,407     42,249
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Property-casualty underwriting, after tax:
  Income (loss) excluding catastrophes and Proposition 103             15,669      8,652     (4,208)
  Catastrophe losses                                                   (9,945)    (1,365)    (9,900)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property-casualty underwriting income (loss) excluding Proposition
  103                                                                   5,724      7,287    (14,108)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Health and life income after tax, excluding CLIGA assessments           9,204      7,424      8,205
Income from real estate operations, after tax                           1,423
Interest expense, after tax                                            (3,859)    (4,328)    (4,273)
Parent expenses, after tax                                             (2,638)    (2,176)    (2,126)
Other items, after tax:
  Proposition 103 rollback refund                                                           (10,611)
  CLIGA assessments                                                      (455)    (3,328)
  Lawsuit settlement                                                    1,241      4,914
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes                                 10,719
  Extraordinary item                                                                         (1,355)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                          $  37,900  $  53,200  $  28,700
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                              25
<PAGE>
                     Property-Casualty Insurance Operations

    Premiums earned and underwriting results of Zenith's property-casualty
subsidiaries were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                                          1994       1993       1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Premiums earned
  Workers' Compensation                                       $ 216,030  $ 244,661  $ 221,652
  Reinsurance                                                    36,138     23,295     18,382
  Automobile and other Property-Casualty                        149,757    137,945    137,392
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total                                                       $ 401,925  $ 405,901  $ 377,426
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Underwriting income (loss) before taxes
  Workers' Compensation                                       $  12,151  $  11,618  $  (1,495)
  Reinsurance                                                     4,322      5,337    (14,002)
  Automobile and other Property-Casualty
    excluding Proposition 103 rollback refund                    (6,940)    (5,704)    (5,124)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total excluding Proposition 103 rollback refund                 9,533     11,251    (20,621)
    Proposition 103 rollback refund                                                   (16,078)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total including Proposition 103 rollback refund             $   9,533  $  11,251  $ (36,699)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Our key operating goal is to achieve a combined ratio of 100%. The combined ratio,
 expressed as a percentage, is the key measure of underwriting profitability traditionally
 used in the property-casualty insurance business. It is the sum of underwriting expenses,
 net incurred losses, loss adjustment expenses and policyholders' dividends, expressed as a
 percentage of net premiums earned. Combined ratios were as follows:
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>
                                                                1994       1993       1992
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Combined loss and expense ratios
  Workers' Compensation
    Losses                                                        32.3%      38.9%      53.6%
    Loss adjustment expenses                                      27.6%      28.5%      21.4%
    Underwriting expenses                                         26.4%      21.7%      24.4%
    Dividends to policyholders                                     8.1%       6.2%       1.3%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio                                              94.4%      95.3%     100.7%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Reinsurance
    Losses and loss adjustment expenses                           70.7%      58.7%     149.3%
    Underwriting expenses                                         17.3%      18.4%      26.9%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio                                              88.0%      77.1%     176.2%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Automobile and other Property-Casualty
    Losses and loss adjustment expenses                           72.5%      70.1%      70.0%
    Underwriting expenses                                         32.1%      34.0%      33.7%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio excluding Prop. 103 rollback refund         104.6%     104.1%     103.7%
    Proposition 103 rollback refund                                                     11.7%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Combined ratio including Prop. 103 rollback refund         104.6%     104.1%     115.4%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total combined ratio excluding Prop. 103 rollback refund        97.6%      97.2%     105.5%
    Proposition 103 rollback refund                                                      4.2%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total combined ratio including Prop. 103 rollback refund        97.6%      97.2%     109.7%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

26
<PAGE>
    The profitability of property-casualty insurance underwriting operations is
dependent upon, principally, the adequacy of rates charged to the insured for
insurance protection, the frequency and severity of claims, the ability of the
Company to accurately accrue reported and unreported losses in the correct
period, the level of dividends paid to policyholders, and the Company's ability
to service claims, maintain policies and acquire business efficiently. Property
insurance exposes Zenith to the risk of significant loss in the event of major
adverse natural phenomena, known in the insurance industry as catastrophes.
These catastrophes may cause significant contemporaneous financial statement
losses since catastrophe losses may not be accrued in advance of the event. Most
notably, the Northridge earthquake in 1994 and hurricane "Andrew" in 1992 had
significant adverse effects on the results of operations as discussed below.
    The amount by which losses, measured subsequently by reference to payments
and additional estimates, differ from those originally reported for a period is
known as development. This is favorable when losses ultimately settle for less
than the amount reserved or subsequent estimates indicate a basis for reducing
reserves on open claims. The following shows the one year loss reserve
development for loss and loss expenses for the three main lines of property-
casualty business:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Automobile
(Dollars in              Workers'         and other
thousands)             Compensation   Property-Casualty   Reinsurance     Total
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>            <C>                <C>            <C>
One year loss
  development in
  1994                   $ (12,944)       $   4,051        $    (827)   $  (9,720)
  1993                       4,704            4,657             (290)       9,071
  1992                      13,502            5,177            1,255       19,934
  Favorable development is shown in brackets.
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Favorable development in 1994 in the Workers' Compensation reserves reflects
an overall improvement in California workers' compensation loss trends,
discussed below. Adverse development in 1993 and 1992 was due principally to
development of prior year loss adjustment expense reserves which was caused by
increased expenditures on the loss adjustment process.
    The exposure of the insurance industry to losses arising out of the cost of
pollution damage has been the focus of attention of a number of interested
parties in recent years. Zenith's potential exposure to losses arising out of
pollution clean-up costs began in 1985 when it commenced the writing of
liability coverage under farmowners' and small commercial policies through
CalFarm Insurance and through its reinsurance operation. These policies written
or reinsured since 1985 by Zenith's subsidiaries contain exclusion clauses for
pollution related losses and such losses are thereby substantially excluded from
all such coverage written by Zenith's subsidiaries. While Zenith has from time
to time received claims for damages resulting from pollution, Zenith believes
that many of these claims will be excluded from coverage and that these claims
will not have a material adverse effect on Zenith's financial condition.
    Some of the factors that continue to impact the environment in which Zenith
operates include: an uncertain political and regulatory environment, both state
and federal; proposals relating to national health insurance; the 1993 workers'
compensation legislation in California and other areas; the uncertain outlook
for economic growth in parts of California; a highly competitive insurance
industry; and the changing environment for controlling medical, legal and
rehabilitation costs, as well as fraud and abuse. Although management is
currently unable to predict the effect of any of the foregoing, these trends and
uncertainties could have a material effect on Zenith's future operations and
financial condition.

                             Workers' Compensation

    Loss frequency and development trends in the California workers'
compensation industry, which had deteriorated in 1991 and 1992, showed
significant improvement in 1993 and 1994. These improvements reflect, among
other things, major initiatives undertaken by Zenith, and others, to combat
fraud and abuse and to control costs in the workers' compensation system. In
addition, workers' compensation reform legislation was enacted in 1993.
    Workers' Compensation premiums earned decreased in 1994 compared to 1993
principally as a result of decreases of 7.0% at July 16, 1993, 12.7% at January
1, 1994 and 16.0% at October 1, 1994, in the statutory minimum rates for
workers' compensation in California and also as a result of a decrease in the
amount of policies written in California with surcharges. These decreases were
offset in part by an increase in new business in Texas. Premiums earned
increased in 1993 compared to 1992 principally because of an increase in
premiums attributable to policies written with surcharges and, to a lesser
extent, premiums written in Texas. Premiums written on policies with surcharges
were $41,372,000 in 1994 compared to $54,945,000 in 1993 and $42,971,000 in
1992. Premiums written in Texas were $28,884,000 in 1994 compared to $10,174,000
in 1993 and $3,925,000 in 1992. The decline in surcharged business reflects the
improvement in California workers' compensation loss trends. In

                                                                              27
<PAGE>
addition, statutory minimum rates in California were increased by 1.2% at
January 1, 1992 and by 6.7% at July 1, 1992.
    Underwriting results improved in 1994 and 1993 compared to 1992 principally
as a result of improved loss experience, referred to above, offset, in part, by
increased operating costs, including approximately $2.8 million of such expenses
attributable to the Northridge earthquake in January 1994.
    Effective January 1, 1995, statutory minimum rates for workers' compensation
policies in California were replaced by an open rating plan under which insurers
file and use their own actuarially determined rates. The rates filed and which
are in use by Zenith in 1995 were determined to provide, in conjunction with
other policy features, a margin for underwriting profits. However, future
profitability of Zenith's workers' compensation operation will be dependent upon
its ability to compete in an open rating environment in California, the outlook
for economic growth in California and Zenith's continuing efforts to control
medical and indemnity costs. At present, competition is intense and Zenith is
quoting on large numbers of policies in accordance with its pricing models and
is endeavoring to achieve the goal of a combined ratio of 100%.

                     Automobile and Other Property-Casualty

    Premiums earned increased in 1994 compared to 1993 due primarily to new
business and rate increases for Farmowners' and Homeowners' policies.
    Results of operations during 1994 were adversely affected by $3.2 million of
losses (of which $0.8 million was assumed from the California Fair Plan
described below) attributable to claims arising out of the Northridge
earthquake. Results of operations during 1993 and 1992 were adversely affected
by unfavorable weather and fire related losses. Such losses in 1993 included
$1.6 million (of which $1.0 million was assumed from the California Fair Plan,
described below) related to the Southern California brush fires in the Fall.
    Results of operations in 1992 were reduced when Zenith's subsidiaries
refunded approximately $14 million, with interest of approximately $4.6 million,
to certain affected policyholders to settle the rollback contingency under
Proposition 103. The net cost of the refund, after reinsurance, reduced
underwriting income in the Automobile and Other Property-Casualty operation in
1992 by $16.1 million or $10.6 million ($.56 per share) after tax. As part of
the agreement, the California Department of Insurance (the "Department") gave
final approval to all of the Company's pending rate applications on affected
lines of business and approved certain rate increases on Farmowners and
Homeowners policies effective July 1, 1993. Rates were increased effective July
1, 1993, by 8.0% for Farmowners' policies and by 15.4% for Homeowners' policies.
Rate increases, if requested, beyond those subject to such agreement are subject
to prior approval by the Department. During 1994, the Department approved a rate
increase for Commercial Auto of 7.5% and a rate decrease for Personal Auto of
6.3%, both effective September 1, 1994. The Department has also approved rate
increases for Homeowners (8%), Farmowners (8.5%), Earthquake (15.1%) and
Commercial Property and Liability coverages (5.6%). These rates will be
effective in early 1995. Management is unable to predict whether requests for
future rate increases, if any, will be granted by the Department but failure by
the Department to act upon such requests would adversely affect the adequacy of
such rates and the profitability of operations in the lines of business so
affected.
    CalFarm is required to participate in involuntary market plans, including
the California Automobile Assigned Risk Plan ("CAARP"), the Commercial
Automobile Insurance Procedure ("CAIP") and the California Fair Plan. CAARP,
CAIP and the California Fair Plan are organizations that were established by
statute in California but are serviced by the insurance industry. These
organizations provide private passenger automobile coverage for bodily injury
and property damage, commercial automobile coverage and property coverage to
risks that would not otherwise be accepted in the ordinary course of business by
private insurance carriers. The California Legislature and the Insurance
Commissioner continue to debate the need to expand insurance coverages,
including earthquake, for these organizations. Participation in these
organizations by private carriers in California is mandatory. CAARP, CAIP and
the California Fair Plan together result in additional involuntary assumptions
of insurance premiums and losses which resulted in underwriting losses before
taxes of approximately $1.8 million in 1994, $1.6 million in 1993, and $1.4
million in 1992.
    In January, 1995, unusually severe storms affected large areas of California
which resulted in an increased number of claims being received by CalFarm.
Management estimates that such claims will adversely affect results of
operations by approximately $3.0 million in the first quarter of 1995.

28
<PAGE>
                                  Reinsurance

    Zenith's participation in assumed reinsurance is principally comprised of
participation in the reinsurance of accumulated losses from catastrophes and the
reinsurance of large property risks. Because of the severity of losses in recent
years, the rates for such reinsurance increased through 1994. These increases,
together with participation in selected additional contracts, resulted in
increased premiums earned in 1994 compared to 1993 and in 1993 compared to 1992.
Underwriting results were adversely impacted in 1994 by $9.3 million of losses
attributable to the Northridge earthquake of January 1994. In 1992, losses of
approximately $9.8 million were sustained in conjunction with hurricanes
"Andrew" and "Iniki", as well as other large, worldwide property losses.
    The outlook for profitability in the Reinsurance operation is dependent
upon, among other things, the level of rates for property and catastrophe
reinsurance and the frequency and severity of world-wide property losses.
Renewals in 1995 suggest that rates for such reinsurance are no longer
increasing, partly as a result of an increase in the number of companies willing
to participate in such reinsurance. In January 1995, a major earthquake caused
extensive damage to the Japanese port city of Kobe. Zenith anticipates that it
will incur some losses in the first quarter of 1995 from the Kobe earthquake.
Although management is currently unable to quantify the impact of such losses,
the information currently available indicates that the effect of the Kobe
earthquake on Zenith's Reinsurance operation will be substantially less than the
effect of the Northridge earthquake in 1994.

                              Federal Income Taxes

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities (set forth in Note 7 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements) are established at the currently established statutory
federal income tax rate to reflect temporary differences between the financial
statement values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax values.
Deferred tax assets attributable to policy and loss reserves, unearned premiums
and accrued policyholder dividends are considered to be fully realizable because
of the historic profitability of Zenith's property-casualty and health and life
operations. The temporary difference associated with investments is principally
attributable to the unrealized depreciation on investments which are classified
as Available-for-Sale. A gross deferred tax asset has been established at the
current capital gains tax rate of 35%. However, management believes that the
criteria for the realization of this asset, as set forth in Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 -- Accounting for Income Taxes, have not
been met and a valuation allowance of $14.0 million was established at December
31, 1994.

                                  Investments

    Effective December 31, 1993, Zenith adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115--Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and
Equity Securities ("SFAS No. 115"). Among other provisions, SFAS No. 115 sets
forth certain classifications for debt and equity securities and the respective
criteria for those classifications (see Notes 1 and 2 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).
    At December 31, 1994, approximately 66% of Zenith's consolidated portfolio
of fixed maturity investments were classified as Available-for-Sale including
substantially all of such investments in the property-casualty companies'
portfolios. The unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments which are
classified as Available-for-Sale is recorded as a separate component of
stockholders' equity. The increase in interest rates in 1994 caused a
significant decline in the values of fixed maturity investments, including those
held by Zenith. The effect on consolidated stockholders' equity of the decline
in the value of fixed maturities classified as Available-for-Sale was a decrease
of $58.5 million, net of limited deferred tax benefits. Under current market
conditions, management has no intention to dispose of any material amount of its
Available-for-Sale portfolio, nor does it anticipate any circumstances in the
foreseeable future that might give rise to the involuntary sale of a material
amount of these investments.
    Any future changes in interest rates will impact stockholders' equity
through changes in the values of fixed maturity investments which are classified
as Available-for-Sale. For example, since the end of 1994, through February 28,
1995, the market value of such investments increased by $21,958,000 relative to
their amortized cost.
    Zenith's principal investment goal is to maintain safety and liquidity,
enhance principal values and achieve increased rates of return consistent with
regulatory constraints. The allocation amongst various types of securities is
adjusted from time to time based on market conditions, credit conditions, tax
policy, fluctuations in interest rates and other factors.

                                                                              29
<PAGE>
      At December 31, 1994, and December 31, 1993, Zenith's consolidated
  investment portfolio emphasized high quality, taxable bonds and short-term
  investments. Bonds constituted 82.5% and 71.5% of the consolidated carrying
  value of Zenith's consolidated investment portfolio at December 31, 1994 and
  1993, respectively. Short-term investments constituted 8.7% and 18.4%,
  respectively. At December 31, 1994 and 1993, 97.9% and 98.3% of the
  consolidated carrying values of investments in bonds were rated investment
  grade.
      The change in the carrying value of Zenith's consolidated investment
  portfolio in 1994 was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                          <C>        <C>
Carrying value at beginning of year                                                     $1,500,397
  Purchases at cost                                                                       716,157
  Maturities and exchanges of investments                                                 (72,913)
  Proceeds from sales of investments:
    Available-for-sale                                                       $(345,176)
    Trading portfolio                                                         (112,207)
    Held-to-maturity                                                              None
    Other investments                                                           (2,770)
                                                                             ---------
      Total proceeds from disposal of investments                                        (460,153)
  Realized gains from maturities and exchanges of investments:
    Held-to-maturity                                                               425
    Available-for-sale                                                             146
  Realized gains from sales of investments:
    Available-for-sale                                                           2,024
    Trading portfolio                                                              122
    Other investments                                                              443
  Realized losses from writedowns of investments                                  (714)
                                                                             ---------
      Total net realized gains on investments                                               2,446
  Unrealized losses on investments                                                        (71,698)
  Decrease in short-term investments                                                     (150,589)
  Net amortization of bonds and preferred stocks and other changes                           (658)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carrying value at end of year                                                           $1,462,989
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Investment income during the years ended December 31, was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in
 thousands)            1994       1993       1992
- ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Property-Casualty
 (incl. Parent)
  Before tax         $  38,030  $  37,135  $  43,128
  After tax             25,670     25,475     31,402
Health and Life
  Before tax            60,012     55,339     53,486
  After tax             39,008     35,970     35,301
Consolidated
  Before tax            98,042     92,474     96,614
  After tax             64,678     61,445     66,703
- ----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The yields on invested assets vary with the general level of interest rates
and for the years ended December 31 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------
                       1994       1993       1992
- ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Property-Casualty
 (incl. Parent)
  Before tax              5.2%       5.1%       6.2%
  After tax               3.5%       3.5%       4.5%
Health and Life
  Before tax              7.7%       7.7%       8.6%
  After tax               5.0%       5.0%       5.7%
- ----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Realized gains on investments for the years ended December 31 were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)    1994       1993       1992
- -------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>        <C>        <C>
Before tax              $   2,446  $  21,045  $  10,847
After tax                   1,590     17,932     10,847
- -------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Taxes on net realized gains in 1992 and 1993 were reduced by the benefit
associated with losses carried forward from 1990.

30
<PAGE>
                                Health and Life

    Results of the Health and Life operations for the years ended December 31
were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in
 thousands)           1994       1993       1992
- ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>        <C>        <C>
Premium income and
  other policy
  charges           $  61,270  $  63,921  $  64,448
Income before
  tax and before
  realized gains
  on investments       13,459      6,623     12,124
Income after taxes      9,433     12,932     10,354
Invested
  assets at
  December 31,        774,241    767,337    682,896
Deposits on
  deferred annuity
  contracts at
  December 31,        569,484    545,956    485,096
Stockholder's
  equity at
  December 31,        103,862    124,610    103,944
- ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Results for the health and life operation improved in 1994 over 1993
principally because of reduced operating costs and estimated retroactive
assessments for Executive Life Insurance Company ("Executive Life") from the
California Life and Health Insurance Guarantee Association ("CLIGA"). CLIGA
protects policyholders against the impairment or insolvency of life insurance
companies. A total projected assessment of $5,120,000 was reflected in 1993
results. This was increased by $700,000 in 1994 based on revised data received
from the National Organization of Life and Health Insurance Guarantee
Associations.
    Results of the health operations continue to benefit from CalFarm Life's
mutually beneficial, long-standing relationship with the California Farm Bureau
Federation (the "Farm Bureau"). Health premiums are written under a program
sponsored by the Farm Bureau and account for approximately 80%, 81% and 81% of
the total Health, Life and Annuity premium income in 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively. Health premium rates increased 3% in 1994 and 10% in 1993 to cover
increasing costs of health care and increased utilization. An additional 3%
premium rate increase was implemented effective January 1, 1995. Results of the
health operations may be impacted by possible Federal and State health care
reform, however, it is not possible to predict this impact until definitive
legislation, if any, emerges.
    CalFarm Life's deposits from Universal Life Contracts were approximately $13
million in 1994, $19 million in 1993 and $13 million in 1992. Higher or lower
than expected lapse rates, mortality rates, and continuing premium payments will
affect operating income in the period in which they occur. Results in 1994 were
impacted by lower than expected continuing premium payments for business written
in late 1992 and 1993.
    CalFarm Life continued its marketing program of tax sheltered annuity
products during 1994, specifically those designed for school teachers and
administrators and received deposits on fixed annuities of $42 million in 1994
compared to $56 million in 1993 and $83 million in 1992. Approximately 90% of
these deposits were tax-qualified annuities. These deposits primarily account
for the increase in investments and related investment income between 1992, 1993
and 1994. The amount of deposits received by CalFarm Life on deferred annuity
contracts is influenced by prevailing interest rates and by competition in the
market for such products.
    CalFarm Life's annuity products are designed to provide profits primarily
from the excess of the investment yield on invested assets over the interest
credited to contractholders. In addition, CalFarm Life's ability to maximize
profits on its annuity business is determined by policy and premium persistency,
the efficiency of operations, and the limiting of risks in its investment
portfolio. During 1994, CalFarm Life experienced higher than expected surrenders
on its annuity business resulting in surrender charge income partially offset by
more rapid amortization of deferred acquisition costs.
    Reduced investment yields between 1992 and 1993 on CalFarm Life's investment
portfolio did not materially affect the profitability of its fixed deferred
annuities and life insurance contracts because of CalFarm Life's ability to
manage the spread between the interest earned on investments and the interest
credited to contractholder funds, and because of CalFarm Life's ability to
adjust dividends to contractholders. Effective October 1, 1993, the guaranteed
interest rates were decreased on new business to 4% on Universal Life contracts
and 3% on Annuities and Single Premium Whole Life contracts. CalFarm Life has
the flexibility to decrease credited interest rates, but not below the
guaranteed policy minimum interest rates

                                                                              31
<PAGE>
that range from 3% to 6%. There is recurring discussion about the tax-preferred
status of life and annuity products and the profitability of future operations
could be adversely affected if tax laws are changed with respect to life
insurance and annuity products.
    Policyholders and agents are influenced by, among other things, the ratings
given to CalFarm Life by rating agencies such as A.M. Best Company and Weiss
Research, Inc. CalFarm Life's rating by A.M. Best was changed from A+ (Superior)
to A (Excellent) in 1994. A key factor considered in the rating process is the
adequacy of statutory capital and surplus in relation to risks assumed by
CalFarm Life. CalFarm Life's risk based capital percentage is 427%, well above
minimums recommended by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
("NAIC").
    Fluctuations in interest rates and the adoption of SFAS No. 115 have caused,
and may continue to cause, fluctuations in the values of CalFarm Life's
investments in debt securities and stockholder's equity. CalFarm Life owned debt
securities carried at an amortized cost of $410,989,000 at December 31, 1994
that were classified as Held-to-Maturity. The balance of CalFarm Life's debt
securities were carried at their fair values and the decline in value of such
securities in 1994 caused a decrease of $30.2 million, net of limited deferred
tax benefits, in the stockholder's equity of CalFarm Life from December 31, 1993
to December 31, 1994.

                                  Real Estate

    Real estate operations are included in the Parent business segment. In 1994,
Zenith recognized $30,220,000 of revenue related to its real estate operations
which commenced in 1993 through a newly formed subsidiary. Income from real
estate operations before taxes was $2,189,000 in 1994. Construction in progress,
including undeveloped land, was $19,886,000 at December 31, 1994 compared to
$7,215,000 at December 31, 1993. Sales continue favorable despite fluctuations
in interest rates.

                            Liquidity and Inflation

    Zenith's property-casualty insurance operations and health and life
insurance operations create liquidity because insurance premiums are generally
collected prior to disbursements for claims and benefits. These net cash flows,
as set forth on page 41 in the Consolidated Financial Statements, are invested
as described in "investments" above. Zenith plans to match the expected payout
pattern of its liabilities with a suitable maturity profile of its investment
portfolio. Net cash flows from operations were $134,583,000, $56,599,000, and
$53,929,000, for 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively. Net cash flows from
operations in 1994 include $105,925,000 of net cash received from sales of
trading securities. Zenith maintains cash and short-term investments which
amounted to $134,708,000 and $285,401,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively. These balances, or "short-term liquidity," are supplemented by
lines of credit available to Zenith of up to $50,000,000, all of which was
available at December 31, 1994.
    Zenith's principal liquidity requirements in the long-term and the
short-term are the funds needed to pay its expenses, service its outstanding
debt, pay any cash dividends which may be declared to its stockholders and fund
the land acquisitions of its real estate subsidiary, Perma-Bilt. To meet these
requirements, Zenith is principally dependent upon its lines of credit and
dividends from Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Life. In the opinion of management,
Zenith's sources of liquidity are sufficient to fund its short-term and
long-term requirements for liquidity. Zenith's insurance subsidiaries are
subject to California insurance regulations which restrict their ability to
distribute dividends. Such dividend capabilities are set forth in Note 11 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Such restrictions have not had, and under
current regulations are not expected to have, a material adverse impact on
Zenith. Zenith received dividends from its subsidiaries amounting to $15,000,000
in 1994, $25,000,000 in 1993, and $15,000,000 in 1992. Maximum dividend
capability, without prior approval of the Department, of Zenith's subsidiaries
in 1995 is $35,155,000.
    Risk-based capital guidelines issued by the NAIC in 1993 for life insurance
companies and in 1994 for property-casualty companies are not expected to have
any material adverse consequences for Zenith's insurance subsidiaries. The NAIC
is currently reviewing a proposed guideline for determining minimum statutory
reserves for annuity business in life insurance companies. Such a guideline, if
adopted, would reduce the statutory surplus of CalFarm Life. Management is
currently evaluating alternatives to minimize the impact of this guideline and
does not expect the ultimate outcome of its

32
<PAGE>
implementation, if required, to have a material adverse effect on CalFarm Life's
risk based capital ratios or its operations.
    In 1994, Zenith's real estate construction subsidiary obtained $11,000,000
in construction loans from a bank to provide for future real estate development.
At December 31, 1994, the outstanding balance on such loans was $2,471,000.
    Workers' compensation insurers are required to have securities on deposit
for the protection of policyholders in accordance with regulations of the
California Department of Insurance. At December 31, 1994, investments carried at
their fair value of $298,536,000 were on deposit to comply with such
regulations.
    At December 31, 1994, Zenith was authorized to purchase up to 794,000
additional shares of Zenith common stock pursuant to its share repurchase
program. These purchases, which are made at prevailing market prices, are
discretionary and can be adequately funded from Zenith's existing sources of
liquidity.
    Inflation rates impact the financial statements and operating results in
several areas. Fluctuations in inflation rates impact the market value of the
investment portfolio and yields on new investments. Inflation also impacts the
portion of the loss reserves that relates to hospital and medical expenses and
property claims and loss adjustment expenses, but not the portion of loss
reserves that relates to workers' compensation indemnity payments for lost wages
due to statutorily defined fixed payments. Adjustments for inflationary impacts
are implicitly included as part of Zenith's subsidiaries' continuous review of
property-
casualty reserve estimates. Actuarial account of increased costs is considered
in setting adequate rates, and this is particularly important in the health
insurance area where hospital and medical inflation rates have exceeded general
inflation rates. Workers' compensation premium income is determined primarily by
applying a rate to payrolls, and as inflation increases, average wage rates are
generally adjusted resulting in decreases in premium rates. Operating expenses,
including payrolls, are impacted to a certain degree by the inflation rate.
    Social inflation affects the loss reserves for other property-casualty
liability claims for which settlements are determined in court proceedings.
    Inflation and fluctuations in interest rates
also impact our interest sensitive life and annuity insurance products, however,
policy provisions for termination charges act to partially reduce such negative
impact. A significant pricing component of these products includes an annual
inflation rate adjustment factor for administrative expenses. In addition,
products with mortality risk contain mortality and expense margins which can be
used to offset economic trends that are adverse to the Company. Interest rate
margins are reviewed continuously by management and adjusted based on financial
and economic conditions. Interest rates credited to interest sensitive life
insurance products are guaranteed for the first 12 months from the date of issue
and interest rates credited to annuity products are guaranteed for 12 month
periods.

                                                                              33
<PAGE>
FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                           Note         1994           1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>         <C>            <C>
REVENUES
  Property-casualty operations
    Premiums earned                                                        $ 401,925,000  $ 405,901,000
    Investment income                                                         38,030,000     37,135,000
  Health and life operations
    Premiums and policy charges                                               61,270,000     63,921,000
    Investment income                                                         60,012,000     55,339,000
  Realized gains (losses) on investments                                       2,446,000     21,045,000
  Real estate operations                                                      30,220,000
  Net other income                                                 1           1,210,000      2,441,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL REVENUE                                                                595,113,000    585,782,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME AFTER TAX AND BEFORE REALIZED GAINS (LOSSES)                2          35,524,000     33,682,000
Per share                                                          2                1.86           1.75
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMPONENTS OF NET INCOME (LOSS)
  Property-casualty
    Underwriting                                                  3, 4         5,724,000      7,287,000
    Net investment income                                                     25,670,000     25,475,000
  Health and life income                                           5           8,749,000      4,096,000
  Realized gains (losses) on investments                           6           1,590,000     17,932,000
  Parent operations                                                7          (3,833,000)    (1,590,000)
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting and extraordinary
    items                                                         8, 9
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                                                             37,900,000     53,200,000
Per share                                                                           1.99           2.76
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH DIVIDENDS PER SHARE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS                                     1.00           1.00
WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                                    19,090,000     19,297,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL CONDITION
Total assets                                                               1,840,758,000  1,857,790,000
Investments
  Property-casualty                                                          688,748,000    733,060,000
  Health and life                                                            774,241,000    767,337,000
Property-casualty unpaid claims                                    10        504,379,000    513,270,000
Health and life policy liabilities                                 10        751,379,000    723,248,000
Senior notes and bank debt                                                    76,582,000     73,989,000
Total stockholders' equity                                                   309,860,000    349,465,000
Stockholders' equity per share                                                     16.35          18.55
Stockholders' equity per share, excluding effect of SFAS No.
  115                                                              11              18.79          17.90
Return on average equity                                                           11.7%          16.3%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INSURANCE STATISTICS (GAAP)
PROPERTY-CASUALTY
  Paid loss and loss expense ratio                                                 68.5%          66.7%
  Loss and loss expense ratio                                                      65.6%          67.8%
  Underwriting expense ratio                                                       27.7%          25.7%
  Policyholder dividends ratio                                                      4.3%           3.7%
  Combined ratio before Proposition 103 rollback refund                            97.6%          97.2%
  Combined ratio after Proposition 103 rollback refund             3               97.6%          97.2%
  Net premiums earned-to-surplus ratio                                               1.5            1.5
  Loss and loss expense reserves-to-surplus ratio (net of
    reinsurance)                                                                     1.7            1.7
HEALTH AND LIFE
  Life insurance in force, net of reinsurance                              2,425,320,000  2,523,153,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

34

<PAGE>

<CAPTION>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                         1992          1991            1990
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
REVENUES
  Property-casualty operations
    Premiums earned                                       $ 377,426,000  $ 376,068,000  $ 373,043,000
    Investment income                                        43,128,000     46,127,000     49,693,000
  Health and life operations
    Premiums and policy charges                              64,448,000     61,556,000     57,848,000
    Investment income                                        53,486,000     49,558,000     40,283,000
  Realized gains (losses) on investments                     10,847,000     12,999,000    (52,539,000)
  Real estate operations
  Net other income
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL REVENUE                                               549,335,000    546,308,000    468,328,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME AFTER TAX AND BEFORE REALIZED GAINS (LOSSES)          19,100,000     32,902,000     41,388,000
Per share                                                          1.01           1.73           2.10
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMPONENTS OF NET INCOME (LOSS)
  Property-casualty
    Underwriting                                            (24,719,000)    (3,915,000)       148,000
    Net investment income                                    31,402,000     35,624,000     39,744,000
  Health and life income                                      8,205,000      6,913,000      6,198,000
  Realized gains (losses) on investments                     10,847,000     10,399,000    (50,544,000)
  Parent operations                                          (6,399,000)    (5,720,000)    (4,702,000)
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting and
    extraordinary items                                       9,364,000      2,600,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                                            28,700,000     45,901,000     (9,156,000)
Per share                                                          1.52           2.42          (0.47)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH DIVIDENDS PER SHARE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS                    1.00           1.00            .90
WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                   18,918,000     18,981,000     19,685,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL CONDITION
Total assets                                              1,703,553,000  1,505,766,000  1,340,328,000
Investments
  Property-casualty                                         692,200,000    630,954,000    592,740,000
  Health and life                                           682,896,000    570,872,000    470,333,000
Property-casualty unpaid claims                             496,850,000    468,136,000    428,373,000
Health and life policy liabilities                          645,224,000    547,527,000    447,822,000
Senior notes and bank debt                                   73,868,000     49,799,000     53,642,000
Total stockholders' equity                                  301,598,000    281,234,000    241,295,000
Stockholders' equity per share                                    16.03          14.93          12.62
Stockholders' equity per share, excluding effect of
  SFAS No. 115                                                    16.03          14.93          12.62
Return on average equity                                           9.7%          17.3%          (3.3%)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INSURANCE STATISTICS (GAAP)
PROPERTY-CASUALTY
  Paid loss and loss expense ratio                                70.4%          63.9%          54.0%
  Loss and loss expense ratio                                     76.8%          70.4%          64.1%
  Underwriting expense ratio                                      27.9%          29.6%          29.2%
  Policyholder dividends ratio                                     0.8%           2.2%           7.3%
  Combined ratio before Proposition 103 rollback refund          105.5%         102.2%         100.6%
  Combined ratio after Proposition 103 rollback refund           109.7%         102.2%         100.6%
  Net premiums earned-to-surplus ratio                              1.5            1.6            1.8
  Loss and loss expense reserves-to-surplus ratio (net of
    reinsurance)                                                    1.8            1.8            2.0
HEALTH AND LIFE
  Life insurance in force, net of reinsurance             2,663,669,000  2,438,036,000  2,233,081,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<FN>
 (1) Other income consists of income from legal settlement, which is net of
expense of $700,000 in 1994 and $5,120,000 in 1993 for assessments from the
California Life Insurance Guarantee Association ("CLIGA").
 (2) Excludes extraordinary items, cumulative effect of accounting change and
$786,000, or $.04 per share, in 1994 and $1,586,000, or $.08 per share, in 1993
for the net effect of legal settlement and CLIGA assessment. In 1992, also
excludes $10,611,000, or $.56 per share, for the effect of Proposition 103
rollback refund, after taxes.
 (3) Includes Proposition 103 rollback refund of $16,078,000, net of
reinsurance, before tax or $10,611,000 ($.56 per share) after tax in 1992.
 (4) After tax benefit for "fresh start" of $531,000 ($.03 per share) in 1991
and $1,803,000 ($.09 per share) in 1990.
 (5) Net of $455,000 and $3,328,000 of expense, after tax, for assessments from
CLIGA in 1994 and 1993, respectively.
 (6) Taxes on realized gains were reduced in 1992 and 1993 for the tax benefit
associated with capital losses carried forward from 1990.

 (7) Includes income from real estate operation of $1,423,000, after tax, in
1994.
 (8) Debt redemption costs of $1,355,000, net of $698,000 of tax benefit, (or
$.07 per share) were recognized as an extraordinary item in 1992. The tax
benefit of $2,600,000 (or $.14 per share) associated with capital losses carried
forward was recognized as an extraordinary item in 1991.
 (9) Net income in 1992 includes an increase of $10,719,000 for the cumulative
effect of adoption of SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes.
(10) Prior year amounts have been restated to reflect the accounting changes
prescribed by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 113, Accounting
and Reporting for Reinsurance of Short-Duration and Long-Duration Contracts
which was adopted at December 31, 1992.
(11) Effective December 31, 1993, Zenith adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and
Equity Securities (SFAS No. 115), under which the unrealized appreciation or
depreciation on debt securities classified as available-for-sale is recorded in
stockholders' equity.
</TABLE>

                                                                              35
<PAGE>
PROPERTY-CASUALTY LOSS DEVELOPMENT

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries
    The table that follows shows analysis of development of loss and loss
adjustment expense liabilities as originally estimated on a GAAP basis at
December 31 of each year presented.
The accounting policies used to estimate these liabilities are described in Note
1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Amounts represent all
property-casualty operations including CalFarm Insurance losses since its
acquisition June 4, 1985. Statutory reserves are not materially different from
GAAP reserves presented in this table.

Analysis Of Loss And Loss Adjustment Expense Liability Development

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                                                            1994           1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                             <C>           <C>
LIABILITY FOR UNPAID LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES, NET OF REINSURANCE                      $457,046,000  $468,718,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAID NET OF REINSURANCE (CUMULATIVE) AS OF:
  One year later                                                                                               167,918,000
  Two years later
  Three years later
  Four years later
  Five years later
  Six years later
  Seven years later
  Eight years later
  Nine years later
  Ten years later
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITY NET OF REINSURANCE RE-ESTIMATED AS OF:
  One year later                                                                                               458,998,000
  Two years later
  Three years later
  Four years later
  Five years later
  Six years later
  Seven years later
  Eight years later
  Nine years later
  Ten years later
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAVORABLE (DEFICIENT) DEVELOPMENT                                                                             $  9,720,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET LIABILITY -- DECEMBER 31,                                                                   $457,046,000  $468,718,000
Reinsurance recoverables                                                                          47,333,000    44,552,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GROSS LIABILITY -- DECEMBER 31,                                                                 $504,379,000   513,270,000
Re-estimated liability, net of reinsurance                                                                     458,998,000
Re-estimated reinsurance recoverables                                                                           49,415,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Re-estimated liability, gross                                                                                  508,413,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAVORABLE (DEFICIENT) DEVELOPMENT, GROSS                                                                       $ 4,857,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The analysis above presents the development of Zenith's balance sheet
liabilities for 1984 through 1994. The first line in the table shows the
liability for loss and loss adjustment expense as estimated at the end of each
calendar year. The first section shows the actual payments of losses and
expenses that relate to each year end liability as they are paid during
subsequent annual periods. The second section includes revised estimates of the
original unpaid amounts, net of reinsurance, including the subsequent payments.
The next line shows the favorable or deficient developments of the original
estimates for each year through 1994, net of reinsurance. The liability at the
end of each year includes an estimate of the amount yet unpaid and still due at
the subsequent re-evaluation date for all previously estimated liabilities. For
example, the liability at the end of 1993 includes an estimate of the amount
still due on the 1992 and prior liabilities.

    Since conditions and trends that have affected loss and loss adjustment
expense development in the past may not occur in the future in exactly the same
manner, if at all, future results may not be reliably predicted by extrapolation
of the data presented.

36

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                    1992          1991          1990          1989         1988
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
LIABILITY FOR UNPAID LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT
   EXPENSES, NET OF REINSURANCE                       $464,149,000  $440,180,000  $415,645,000  $377,891,000  $337,979,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAID NET OF REINSURANCE (CUMULATIVE) AS OF:
  One year later                                       176,815,000   177,071,000   153,914,000   121,051,000   108,423,000
  Two years later                                      285,231,000   283,706,000   256,176,000   196,578,000   169,332,000
  Three years later                                                  344,686,000   314,957,000   250,078,000   206,412,000
  Four years later                                                                 348,505,000   281,409,000   235,720,000
  Five years later                                                                               300,970,000   254,062,000
  Six years later                                                                                              266,074,000
  Seven years later
  Eight years later
  Nine years later
  Ten years later
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITY NET OF REINSURANCE RE-ESTIMATED AS OF:
  One year later                                       473,220,000   460,114,000   418,730,000   372,542,000   331,770,000
  Two years later                                      475,651,000   477,877,000   433,604,000   362,718,000   322,632,000
  Three years later                                                  478,294,000   445,074,000   365,901,000   318,052,000
  Four years later                                                                 446,016,000   372,429,000   315,548,000
  Five years later                                                                               373,149,000   318,506,000
  Six years later                                                                                              318,731,000
  Seven years later
  Eight years later
  Nine years later
  Ten years later
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAVORABLE (DEFICIENT) DEVELOPMENT                     $(11,502,000) $(38,114,000) $(30,371,000) $  4,742,000   $19,248,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET LIABILITY -- DECEMBER 31,                         $464,149,000
Reinsurance recoverables                                32,701,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
GROSS LIABILITY -- DECEMBER 31,                        496,850,000
Re-estimated liability, net of reinsurance             475,651,000
Re-estimated reinsurance recoverables                   64,066,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
Re-estimated liability, gross                          539,717,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAVORABLE (DEFICIENT) DEVELOPMENT, GROSS              $(42,867,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                     1987           1986         1985         1984
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>

LIABILITY FOR UNPAID LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT
   EXPENSES, NET OF REINSURANCE                       $286,844,000  $217,161,000  $153,483,000  $113,567,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAID NET OF REINSURANCE (CUMULATIVE) AS OF:
  One year later                                        98,802,000    83,511,000    70,725,000    50,376,000
  Two years later                                      152,609,000   128,998,000   107,104,000    82,783,000
  Three years later                                    182,843,000   156,705,000   127,532,000    98,991,000
  Four years later                                     200,753,000   172,261,000   139,188,000   107,850,000
  Five years later                                     218,712,000   181,708,000   146,031,000   114,529,000
  Six years later                                      230,337,000   193,759,000   150,892,000   118,206,000
  Seven years later                                    238,292,000   201,313,000   154,879,000   121,377,000
  Eight years later                                                  207,004,000   158,339,000   123,546,000
  Nine years later                                                                 160,513,000   126,046,000
  Ten years later                                                                                127,602,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITY NET OF REINSURANCE RE-ESTIMATED AS OF:
  One year later                                       286,389,000   213,884,000   154,027,000   126,553,000
  Two years later                                      282,865,000   219,691,000   156,736,000   125,900,000
  Three years later                                    281,937,000   221,401,000   160,791,000   124,876,000
  Four years later                                     278,664,000   222,532,000   164,164,000   127,532,000
  Five years later                                     273,723,000   222,122,000   164,090,000   129,793,000
  Six years later                                      274,248,000   223,622,000   164,685,000   129,714,000
  Seven years later                                    275,361,000   226,059,000   166,594,000   129,956,000
  Eight years later                                                  228,605,000   169,008,000   131,289,000
  Nine years later                                                                 172,411,000   133,723,000
  Ten years later                                                                                136,819,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAVORABLE (DEFICIENT) DEVELOPMENT                     $ 11,483,000  $(11,444,000) $(18,928,000) $(23,252,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                              37
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DECEMBER 31,                                                                            Note          1994            1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>        <C>             <C>

ASSETS

Investments

 Fixed maturities:

  At amortized cost (fair value $400,964,000, 1994 and $438,705,000, 1993)                       $  410,989,000  $  401,337,000

  At fair value (cost $864,133,000, 1994 and $687,075,000, 1993)                                    813,640,000     705,682,000

 Floating rate preferred stocks, at fair value (cost $19,618,000, 1994 and
 $30,582,000, 1993)                                                                                  18,506,000      31,495,000

 Convertible and non-redeemable preferred stocks, at fair value (cost $8,684,000,
 1994
   and $11,545,000, 1993)                                                                             8,153,000      11,246,000

 Common stocks, at fair value (cost $19,628,000, 1994 and $14,485,000, 1993)                         19,355,000      15,575,000

 Mortgage loans on real estate                                                                        3,503,000       4,515,000

 Policy loans                                                                                        41,753,000      39,609,000

 Short-term investments (at cost, which approximates market)                                        127,594,000     276,841,000

 Other investments                                                                                   19,496,000      14,097,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Total investments                                                                     1, 2      1,462,989,000   1,500,397,000

Cash                                                                                                  7,114,000       8,560,000
Accrued investment income                                                                            22,429,000      21,635,000
Premiums receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $912,000 in 1994
  and $887,000 in 1993                                                                               66,898,000      65,421,000
Receivable from reinsurers and prepaid reinsurance premiums                                          58,873,000      57,426,000
Deferred policy acquisition costs                                                                   109,059,000     108,416,000
Properties and equipment, less accumulated depreciation                                   3          48,581,000      47,042,000
Federal income taxes                                                                      7           7,637,000
Purchased intangibles and other assets                                                    1          21,887,000      23,216,000
Excess of cost over net assets acquired                                                   1           2,009,000       2,009,000
Other assets                                                                              1          33,282,000      23,668,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                     $1,840,758,000  $1,857,790,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

38
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DECEMBER 31,                                                                            Note          1994            1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>        <C>             <C>
LIABILITIES
Policy liabilities and accruals
  Unpaid losses and loss expenses                                                        14      $  504,379,000  $  513,270,000
  Future policy benefits for life insurance contracts                                     4         159,842,000     154,501,000
  Deposits on deferred annuity contracts                                                            569,484,000     545,956,000
  Policy and contract claims                                                                          6,054,000       5,934,000
  Unearned premiums                                                                                 121,867,000     111,896,000
Policyholders' dividends accrued and accumulated                                                     30,171,000      30,378,000
Other policyholder funds                                                                             15,999,000      16,857,000
Reserves on loss portfolio transfers                                                                  9,972,000      11,119,000
Payable to banks                                                                          5           2,471,000
Senior notes payable, less unamortized issue costs
  of $889,000, 1994 and $1,011,000, 1993                                                  6          74,111,000      73,989,000
Federal income taxes                                                                      7                          14,255,000
Other liabilities                                                                                    36,548,000      30,170,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities                                                                                 1,530,898,000   1,508,325,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commitments and contingent liabilities                                                    9
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Preferred stock, $1 par--shares authorized 1,000,000; issued and outstanding,
  none in 1994 and 1993
Common stock, $1 par--shares authorized 50,000,000; issued 24,034,000, outstanding
  18,950,000, 1994; issued 23,910,000, outstanding 18,841,000, 1993                      10          24,034,000      23,910,000
Additional paid-in capital                                                                          251,363,000     249,092,000
Retained earnings                                                                                   167,025,000     148,043,000
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, net of $3,969,000
  deferred tax benefit in 1994 and $7,093,000 deferred tax expense in 1993              1, 2        (47,460,000)     13,176,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                    394,962,000     434,221,000
Less treasury stock at cost (5,084,000 shares, 1994 and 5,069,000 shares, 1993)          10         (85,102,000)    (84,756,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                                                          309,860,000     349,465,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                       $1,840,758,000  $1,857,790,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                              39
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                               Note         1994          1993          1992
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
CONSOLIDATED REVENUES:
Property-casualty premium income                                        8      $401,925,000  $405,901,000  $377,426,000
Health and life premium income and other policy charges                          61,270,000    63,921,000    64,448,000
Net investment income                                                   2        98,042,000    92,474,000    96,614,000
Realized gains on investments                                           2         2,446,000    21,045,000    10,847,000
Real estate sales                                                                30,220,000
Other income, net                                                       9         1,210,000     2,441,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
Total revenues                                                                  595,113,000   585,782,000   549,335,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXPENSES:
Property-casualty losses and loss expenses incurred                   8, 14     263,457,000   275,208,000   289,732,000
Health and life benefits and other policy credits                                80,104,000    84,448,000    85,493,000
Policy acquisition costs                                                         83,653,000    73,942,000    71,787,000
Other underwriting and operating expenses                                        57,548,000    55,152,000    55,200,000
Policyholders' dividends and participation                                       18,812,000    16,895,000     4,867,000
Special policyholders' dividend--Proposition 103 rollback refund        9                                    16,078,000
Real estate construction and operating costs                                     28,031,000
Interest expense                                                      5, 6        5,937,000     6,658,000     6,472,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total expenses                                                                  537,542,000   512,303,000   529,629,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from operations before federal income taxes,
  extraordinary item and cumulative effect of change in accounting               57,571,000    73,479,000    19,706,000
Federal income taxes                                                    7        19,671,000    20,279,000       370,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM AND CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF
  CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING                                                           37,900,000    53,200,000    19,336,000
Extraordinary item--debt retirement cost, net of $698,000 tax
  benefit                                                               6                                    (1,355,000)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes            1, 7                                   10,719,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME                                                                     $ 37,900,000  $ 53,200,000  $ 28,700,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EARNINGS PER SHARE:
Net income before extraordinary item and cumulative effect
  of change in accounting                                                      $       1.99  $       2.76  $       1.02
Extraordinary item                                                                                                 (.07)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting                                                                           .57
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE                                                    $       1.99  $       2.76  $       1.52
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                                       19,090,000    19,297,000    18,918,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

40
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                                                  1994            1993            1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Premiums collected                                                                $  479,415,000  $  492,758,000  $  459,247,000
  Deposits on universal life type contracts                                             12,508,000      21,142,000      14,761,000
  Investment income received                                                            98,107,000      95,324,000      98,192,000
  Proceeds from sales of real estate                                                    30,220,000
  Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid                                            (274,581,000)   (270,854,000)   (266,345,000)
  Health claims paid                                                                   (29,046,000)    (31,305,000)    (33,597,000)
  Death and surrender benefits paid                                                    (12,501,000)    (11,659,000)    (11,655,000)
  Underwriting and other operating expenses paid                                      (126,234,000)   (131,082,000)   (130,458,000)
  Real estate construction costs paid                                                  (36,133,000)     (7,285,000)
  Reinsurance premiums paid                                                            (23,251,000)    (21,429,000)    (22,797,000)
  Dividends paid to policyholders, including Proposition 103 refund in 1993            (19,698,000)    (33,167,000)    (10,307,000)
  Interest paid                                                                         (6,949,000)     (6,914,000)     (6,073,000)
  Interest on deferred annuity contracts                                               (33,002,000)    (33,752,000)    (33,593,000)
  Income taxes paid                                                                    (30,197,000)     (5,178,000)     (3,446,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from operating activities, excluding cash from trading portfolio         28,658,000      56,599,000      53,929,000
Net proceeds from sales of trading portfolio investments                               105,925,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from operating activities including cash from trading portfolio         134,583,000      56,599,000      53,929,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchases of investments:
    Debt securities Held-to-Maturity                                                   (40,039,000)
    Debt and equity securities Available-for-Sale                                     (657,009,000)
    Other debt and equity securities and other investments                             (12,827,000)   (620,044,000)   (638,854,000)
  Proceeds from maturities and exchanges of investments:
    Debt securities Held-to-Maturity                                                    29,955,000
    Debt and equity securities Available-for-Sale                                       37,512,000
    Other debt and equity securities and other investments                               5,446,000     201,420,000     124,158,000
  Proceeds from sales of investments:
    Debt and equity securities Available-for-Sale                                      345,176,000
    Other debt and equity securities and other investments                               2,770,000     450,487,000     354,922,000
  Capital expenditures                                                                  (5,805,000)     (3,568,000)     (4,168,000)
  Cash received under portfolio transfers                                                                                7,628,000
  Losses and adjustment expenses paid under portfolio transfers                         (1,395,000)     (1,656,000)     (2,187,000)
  Net change in short-term investments                                                 150,589,000    (116,953,000)      6,683,000
  Other -- principally cash received through notes receivable in 1993                     (101,000)      2,309,000         128,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from investing activities                                              (145,728,000)    (88,005,000)   (151,690,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Cash advanced from banks                                                              13,416,000       1,000,000       6,350,000
  Cash repaid to banks                                                                 (10,945,000)     (1,000,000)    (40,150,000)
  Cash dividends paid to common stockholders                                           (18,894,000)    (19,018,000)    (18,927,000)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                2,093,000       6,261,000       4,526,000
  Deposits on deferred annuity contracts                                                41,924,000      56,764,000      83,600,000
  Acquisition costs of deferred annuity contracts, deferred                             (4,105,000)     (5,925,000)     (9,104,000)
  Annuitization and return of contractholders' balances on deferred annuity
    contracts                                                                          (46,446,000)    (26,357,000)    (20,279,000)
  Retirement of Senior Notes                                                                                           (17,740,000)
  Net proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes payable 2002                                                               73,787,000
  Interest on deferred annuity contracts                                                33,002,000      33,752,000      33,593,000
  Purchase of treasury shares                                                             (346,000)     (7,367,000)     (5,686,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                 9,699,000      38,110,000      89,970,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash                                                         (1,446,000)      6,704,000      (7,791,000)
Cash at beginning of year                                                                8,560,000       1,856,000       9,647,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH AT END OF YEAR                                                                 $    7,114,000  $    8,560,000  $    1,856,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RECONCILIATION OF NET INCOME TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income                                                                          $   37,900,000  $   53,200,000  $   28,700,000
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                                                          5,718,000       6,264,000       7,824,000
  Net amortization of bonds and preferred stocks                                           595,000       1,683,000       1,885,000
  Realized gains on investments                                                         (2,446,000)    (21,045,000)    (10,847,000)
  Net cash from trading portfolio                                                      105,925,000
  Decrease (increase) in:
    Accrued investment income                                                             (794,000)        855,000        (542,000)
    Premiums receivable                                                                 (1,477,000)      1,698,000       3,634,000
    Receivable from reinsurers                                                          (1,447,000)    (10,237,000)    (41,384,000)
    Deferred policy acquisition costs                                                    3,462,000     (11,472,000)     (5,305,000)
    Real estate construction in progress                                               (12,671,000)     (7,215,000)
  Increase (decrease) in:
    Unpaid losses and loss expenses                                                     (8,891,000)     16,420,000      56,670,000
    Future policy benefits for life insurance contracts                                  5,274,000      15,815,000      12,917,000
    Unearned premiums                                                                    9,971,000      10,097,000       6,220,000
    Policyholders' dividends accrued and accumulated                                      (207,000)    (16,037,000)     13,349,000
    Federal income taxes                                                               (10,526,000)     15,101,000     (14,493,000)
    Other                                                                                4,197,000       1,472,000      (4,699,000)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash flows from operating activities                                            $  134,583,000  $   56,599,000  $   53,929,000
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

                                                                              41
<PAGE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                PREFERRED       COMMON
THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994                                                  NOTE      STOCK $1 PAR  STOCK $1 PAR
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                               <C>          <C>           <C>
BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1992                                                                                   $  23,259,000
Net income for 1992
Net unrealized appreciation on investments                                                 2
Exercise of 303,000 stock options                                                         10                       303,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1992
Purchase of 323,000 treasury shares at cost
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per share,
  paid quarterly)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1992                                                                                    23,562,000
Net income for 1993
Net unrealized appreciation on investments, net of deferred tax expense of
  $543,000                                                                               1,2
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for investments, net of deferred tax
  expense of $6,550,000                                                                    1
Exercise of 348,000 stock options                                                         10                       348,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1993
Purchase of 320,000 treasury shares at cost
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per share,
  paid quarterly)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1993                                                                                    23,910,000
Net income for 1994
Net unrealized (depreciation) on investments, net of deferred tax benefit of
  $11,062,000                                                                              2
Exercise of 124,000 stock options                                                         10                       124,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1994
Purchase of 15,000 treasury shares at cost
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per share,
  paid quarterly)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1994                                                                                 $  24,034,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.

42

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                          NET UNREALIZED
                                                              ADDITIONAL                  APPRECIATION
                                                               PAID-IN       RETAINED     (DEPRECIATION)     TREASURY
THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994                            CAPITAL       EARNINGS     ON INVESTMENTS       STOCK      TOTAL
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>
BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1992                                  $237,698,000  $ 104,053,000  $(12,073,000)   $(71,703,000) $281,234,000
Net income for 1992                                                          28,700,000                                  28,700,000
Net unrealized appreciation on investments                                                  11,405,000                   11,405,000
Exercise of 303,000 stock options                             4,223,000                                                   4,526,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1992                        305,000                                                     305,000
Purchase of 323,000 treasury shares at cost                                                                (5,686,000)   (5,686,000)
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per
  share, paid quarterly)                                                    (18,886,000)                                (18,886,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1992                                242,226,000     113,867,000       (668,000)   (77,389,000)  301,598,000
Net income for 1993                                                          53,200,000                                  53,200,000
Net unrealized appreciation on investments, net of deferred
  tax expense of $543,000                                                                    1,681,000                    1,681,000
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for investments,
  net of deferred tax expense of $6,550,000                                                 12,163,000                   12,163,000
Exercise of 348,000 stock options                             5,913,000                                                   6,261,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1993                        953,000                                                     953,000
Purchase of 320,000 treasury shares at cost                                                                (7,367,000)   (7,367,000)
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per
  share, paid quarterly)                                                    (19,024,000)                                (19,024,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1993                                249,092,000     148,043,000     13,176,000    (84,756,000)  349,465,000
Net income for 1994                                                          37,900,000                                  37,900,000
Net unrealized (depreciation) on investments, net of
  deferred tax benefit of $11,062,000                                                      (60,636,000)                 (60,636,000)
Exercise of 124,000 stock options                             1,969,000                                                   2,093,000
Tax benefit on options exercised in 1994                        302,000                                                     302,000
Purchase of 15,000 treasury shares at cost                                                                   (346,000)     (346,000)
Cash dividends declared to common stockholders ($1.00 per
  share, paid quarterly)                                                    (18,918,000)                                (18,918,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1994                                $251,363,000   $167,025,000   $(47,460,000)  $(85,102,000) $309,860,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                              43
<PAGE>

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                Zenith National Insurance Corp. and Subsidiaries

Note 1
Summary of Accounting Policies,
Operations and Principles of Consolidation

    Zenith National Insurance Corp. ("Zenith") is engaged through its
wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, Zenith Insurance Company ("Zenith
Insurance"), CalFarm Insurance Company ("CalFarm Insurance"), ZNAT Insurance
Company ("ZNAT"), Zenith Star Insurance Company ("Zenith Star"), and CalFarm
Life Insurance Company ("CalFarm Life"), in the business of writing workers'
compensation insurance primarily in California; reinsurance; annuities; health
and life insurance coverages; and auto, homeowners, farmowners and other
coverages primarily in the rural areas of California. Zenith also conducts real
estate operations, developing private residences for sale in Las Vegas, Nevada,
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Perma-Bilt,
a Nevada Corporation ("Perma-Bilt").
    The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and include Zenith and its subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

Fair Values of Financial Instruments

    Financial instruments are contractual obligations that ultimately end with
the delivery of cash or an ownership interest in an entity. Disclosures,
included in these notes, regarding the fair value of financial instruments have
been derived using external market sources, estimates using present value or
other valuation techniques.
    The following summarizes the carrying amounts and fair value of Zenith's
financial instruments as of December 31:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
                                             1994                  1993
                                     CARRYING     FAIR     CARRYING     FAIR
(Dollars in thousands)     NOTE       AMOUNT      VALUE     AMOUNT      VALUE

<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
ASSETS:
Investments:                     2
  Trading securities                 $  12,904  $  12,904  $ 119,679  $ 119,679
  Other investments                  1,450,085  1,440,060  1,380,718  1,418,086
                                     ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                     1,462,989  1,452,964  1,500,397  1,537,765
LIABILITIES:
Deposits on deferred
 annuity contracts                     569,484    569,484    545,956    545,956
Payable to banks                 5       2,471      2,471
Senior notes payable             6      74,111     75,848     73,989     86,250
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Investments and Change in Accounting Principle

    At December 31, 1993 Zenith adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities ("SFAS No. 115"); prior periods have not been restated. SFAS No. 115
requires investments in debt and equity securities to be identified to three
categories as follows: Held-to-Maturity -- those securities, which by their
terms must be redeemed by the issuing company and that the enterprise has the
positive intent and ability to hold to maturity, are reported at amortized cost.
Trading securities -- those securities that are held principally for the purpose
of selling them in the near term and are reported at fair value with unrealized
gains and losses included in earnings. Available-for-Sale -- those securities
not classified as either held-to-maturity or trading securities and are reported
at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and
reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity. The cumulative effect
of such adoption has been reported separately in the consolidated statement of
stockholders' equity and was insignificant to the consolidated statement of
operations.
    Mortgage loans on real estate are carried at amortized cost. Policy loans
and other investments are stated at cost. Although the policy loans generally
have no stated maturity, the majority of these loans have interest rates that
fluctuate directly with credited interest rates on related deferred annuity
contracts and, accordingly, the carrying value approximates fair value.
    When, in the opinion of management, a decline in market value of investments
is considered to be "other than temporary," such investments are written down to
their net realizable value. The determination of "other than temporary"
includes, in addition to consideration of other relevant factors, a presumption
that if the market value is below cost, by a significant amount for a period of
time, a writedown is necessary.
    The market value of investments was supplied by the Merrill Lynch pricing
service, with the exception of 22 items whose values were obtained from other
brokers making a market in the investment, the Bloomberg and Quotron

44
<PAGE>
financial news services, and analytical pricing methods for issues for which
there is no market. These market values are considered fair value.
    The cost of securities sold is determined by the "identified cost" method.
Short-term investments include certificates of deposit, commercial paper and
U.S. Treasury securities with maturities of less than one year at the time of
purchase. For these short-term investments, the carrying amount is a reasonable
estimate of fair value.

Federal Income Taxes and
Change in Accounting Principle
    The federal income tax provision was prepared in accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes ("SFAS
No. 109"), adopted in 1992 effective from the beginning of 1992 and prior
periods have not been restated. The cumulative effect of such adoption was
$10,719,000 in 1992 and is reported in the consolidated statement of operations.
This standard replaced the deferred method of accounting for deferred income
taxes with the liability method, in which deferred assets and liabilities are
established for temporary differences between the financial statement values of
assets and liabilities and their tax bases. The effects of temporary differences
are set forth in Note 7.

Recognition of Property-Casualty
Revenue and Expense
    Property-casualty premiums are earned on a pro rata basis over the terms of
the policies. Premiums applicable to the unexpired terms of policies in force
are recorded as unearned premiums. Premiums earned reflect an estimate for
earned but unbilled audit premiums. Workers' compensation insurance premiums are
based upon the payroll of the insured.
    An estimated provision for workers' compensation policyholders' dividends is
accrued as the related premiums are earned. Such dividends do not become a fixed
liability unless and until declared by the Board of Directors.
    Zenith Insurance and CalFarm Insurance make provision for the settlement of
all incurred claims, both reported and unreported. The liabilities for unpaid
losses and loss expenses are estimates for the eventual costs of claims incurred
but not settled, less estimates of salvage and subrogation. Estimates for
reported claims are primarily determined by evaluation of individual reported
claims. Estimates for claims incurred but not reported are based on Zenith
Insurance's and CalFarm Insurance's experience with respect to the probable
number and nature of such claims. The methods for making such estimates and for
establishing the resulting liabilities are continually reviewed and updated and
any adjustments resulting therefrom are reflected in earnings currently.

Recognition of Revenue and
Benefits for Deferred Annuity Contracts
    Revenues earned from deferred annuity contracts represent amounts assessed
against contract balances during the period, principally for surrenders.
    Deposits on deferred annuities represent the amounts received plus credited
interest, less applicable administrative fees. Interest credited rates ranged
from 3.0% to 7.0% in 1994 except for indexed deferred annuity contracts where
rates ranged from 4.5% to 5.9% in 1994.
    The fair value of Zenith's liabilities for deposits on deferred annuity
contracts is based on amounts received plus credited interest rates adjusted on
the contract anniversary date to current market rates for these instruments,
less applicable fees, which approximates the carrying amount reported in the
consolidated balance sheet.

Recognition of Revenue and Benefits for
Universal Life, Single Premium Life,
and Other Interest-Sensitive Life Contracts
    Revenues from universal life, single premium life, and other
interest-sensitive life contracts represent amounts assessed against policy
account balances during the period for mortality charges, surrender charges and
policy administration charges earned.
    Future policy benefits for universal life, single premium life and other
interest-sensitive life contracts represent contractholder account balances
consisting of the premiums received plus credited interest, less contractholder
assessments. Amounts included in expense represent benefits in excess of
contractholder account balances. Interest credited rates ranged from 3.75% to
6.5% in 1994.

Recognition of Revenue and Related Benefits
and Expenses for Traditional Life Contracts
and Health Contracts
    Revenues from traditional life insurance contracts represent premiums which
are recognized as income when due. Health insurance premiums are recognized as
income over the related contract period.
    Benefits and expenses are associated with earned premiums so as to result in
recognition of profits over the life of the contracts. This association is
accomplished through the provision for future policy benefits and the deferral
and

                                                                              45
<PAGE>
amortization of policy acquisition costs for traditional life contracts and
through the policy and contract liability for health contracts.
    Future policy benefits for traditional life contracts have been computed
using primarily the net level premium reserve method based upon estimated future
investment yield, mortality, morbidity and withdrawals.

Reinsurance
    In accordance with general industry practices, Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries annually purchase reinsurance to protect against liabilities in
excess of certain limits on insurance risks they have underwritten. Such
arrangements are known, in the industry, as "excess of loss" protection. The
purpose of such reinsurance is to protect Zenith from the impact of large,
unforeseen losses and such reinsurance reduces the magnitude of sudden and
unpredictable changes in net income and the capitalization of insurance
operations.
    The ceding of reinsurance does not discharge the original insurer from
primary liability to its policyholder. Balances due from reinsurers on unpaid
losses, including an estimate of such recoverables related to revenues for
incurred but not reported losses are reported as assets and are included in
receivable from reinsurers. Earned premiums are stated in the consolidated
financial statements after deduction of amounts ceded to reinsurers.
Approximately 65% of amounts recoverable from reinsurers at December 31, 1994
are attributable to reinsurance arrangements with one large United States
reinsurance company. No material amounts due from reinsurers have been written
off as uncollectible in the three years ended December 31, 1994.

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs
    Property-Casualty Insurance -- Policy acquisition costs, consisting of
commissions, premium taxes and certain other underwriting costs, are deferred
and amortized as the related premiums are earned.
    Life Insurance -- The costs of acquiring new business, principally
commission and certain policy issuance and underwriting expenses, have been
deferred to the extent that such costs are recoverable from future revenues.
Costs deferred on deferred annuities, universal life, single premium life and
other interest-sensitive contracts are amortized in relationship to the present
value of expected future gross profits. Costs deferred on traditional life
policies are amortized over the premium paying period of the contracts in
proportion to future anticipated premiums. The assumptions underlying this
amortization schedule are continually reviewed and updated and any adjustments
resulting therefrom are reflected in earnings currently.

Real Estate Operations
    Land, land development costs and construction costs, including costs of
acquisition and development, property taxes and related interest are
capitalized. Such costs, and an estimate of the costs to complete a project, are
recognized pro rata against sales of completed units. Such capitalized costs are
included in other assets.

Properties and Equipment
    Properties and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is calculated principally on a straight-line basis using the
following useful lives: buildings, 10 to 40 years; furniture, fixture and
equipment, 3 to 10 years.
    Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as
incurred. Additions and improvements to buildings and other fixed assets are
capitalized and depreciated. Upon disposition, the asset cost and related
depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is
included in income.
    The cost of purchased software for internal use is capitalized and amortized
over the useful life of the software. The cost of internally-developed software
for internal use is expensed as incurred.

Purchased Intangibles and Other Assets
    Purchased intangibles and other assets represent the total amount of the
cost in excess of net tangible assets acquired through the CalFarm acquisition.
This amount has been assigned to various intangibles and other amortizable
assets and the assigned values are being amortized actuarially, or on a
straight-line basis over 25 years. Amortization expense for 1994, 1993 and 1992
was $1,329,000, $1,166,000, and $1,147,000, respectively, and accumulated
amortization was $13,647,000 at December 31, 1994 and $12,318,000 at December
31, 1993.

Excess of Cost Over Net Assets Acquired
    The excess of cost over net assets acquired of $2,009,000 represents the
unamortized excess of cost over underlying net tangible assets of companies
acquired prior to 1970, which is considered to have continuing value, and is not
being amortized.

Reclassifications
    Certain 1993 and 1992 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1994
presentation.

46
<PAGE>
Note 2
Investments
    The amortized cost and fair values of investments held-to-maturity,
available-for-sale and trading securities were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
TYPE OF SECURITY
(Dollars in                         GROSS        GROSS
                     AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED     FAIR
                       COST         GAINS      (LOSSES)      VALUE
thousands)
DECEMBER 31, 1994

<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
HELD-TO-MATURITY
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<S>                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S. Treasuries      $   2,106    $       4                $   2,110
Corporate debt         361,823        5,184    $ (12,000)    355,007
Mortgage backed         47,060                    (3,213)     43,847
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total,
      held-to-
      maturity       $ 410,989    $   5,188    $ (15,213)  $ 400,964
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE
U.S. Treasuries      $ 351,404                 $ (14,825)  $ 336,579
Foreign government
  debt                   2,139                      (324)      1,815
Corporate debt         318,557    $   1,505      (18,377)    301,685
Mortgage backed        161,559                   (17,135)    144,424
Redeemable
  preferred stocks      18,918          190         (703)     18,405
Equities                45,602        1,042       (2,802)     43,842
Short-term
  investments          127,594                               127,594
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total,
      available-
      for-sale       $1,025,773   $   2,737    $ (54,166)  $ 974,344
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADING
U.S. Treasuries      $   7,390                 $    (275)  $   7,115
Corporate debt           4,166                      (549)      3,617
Equities                 2,328    $      26         (182)      2,172
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total, trading   $  13,884    $      26    $  (1,006)  $  12,904
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------

<CAPTION>
TYPE OF SECURITY
(Dollars in                         GROSS        GROSS
                     AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED     FAIR
                       COST         GAINS      (LOSSES)      VALUE
thousands)
DECEMBER 31, 1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
HELD-TO-MATURITY
U.S. Treasuries      $     248    $       7                $     255
Corporate debt         340,931       36,532    $    (347)    377,116
Mortgage backed         60,158        1,176                   61,334
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total,
      held-to-
      maturity       $ 401,337    $  37,715    $    (347)  $ 438,705
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE
U.S. Treasuries      $ 215,945    $     444    $    (509)  $ 215,880
Foreign government
  debt                   5,612           79                    5,691
Corporate debt         262,003       19,287         (894)    280,396
Mortgage backed         58,446          598           (8)     59,036
Redeemable
  preferred stocks      33,217          753         (995)     32,975
Equities                48,827        1,861         (347)     50,341
Short-term
  investments          276,841                               276,841
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total,
      available-
      for-sale       $ 900,891    $  23,022    $  (2,753)  $ 921,160
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
TRADING
U.S. Treasuries      $ 107,747    $      27    $    (140)  $ 107,634
Corporate debt           4,105           57          (92)      4,070
Equities                 7,785          228          (38)      7,975
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total, trading   $ 119,637    $     312    $    (270)  $ 119,679
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Debt securities at December 31, 1994, are due as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>          <C>
(Dollars in thousands)           AMORTIZED      FAIR
DECEMBER 31, 1994                  COST        VALUE
- -------------------------------------------------------
HELD-TO-MATURITY:
  Due in one year or less        $   8,249   $    8,349
  Due after one year through
    five years                     103,296      104,480
  Due after five years through
    ten years                      123,138      118,384
  Due after ten years              176,306      169,751
- -------------------------------------------------------
    Total                        $ 410,989   $  400,964
- -------------------------------------------------------
AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE:
  Due in one year or less        $ 184,156   $  183,872
  Due after one year through
    five years                     401,538      388,076
  Due after five years through
    ten years                      183,934      166,704
  Due after ten years              210,543      191,850
- -------------------------------------------------------
    Total                        $ 980,171   $  930,502
- -------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because
borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with
or without call or prepayment penalties.
Mortgage-backed securities are shown as being due at their average expected
maturity dates. Redeemable preferred stocks with sinking fund redemption periods
are shown as being due at the mid-point of the sinking fund period.
    The gross realized gains on sales of investments classified as
available-for-sale during 1994 were $4,310,000 and the gross realized losses
were $2,140,000. Proceeds from sales of debt securities were $377,021,000 and
$290,326,000 during 1993 and 1992, respectively. Gross gains on such sales were
$14,189,000 and $11,949,000 in 1993 and 1992, respectively and gross losses were
$588,000 and $2,142,000.
    Investment income is summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>
(Dollars in thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,       1994         1993         1992

<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Fixed maturities
  Bonds                     $  85,187    $  79,384    $  78,197
  Redeemable
    preferred stocks            2,199        3,205        6,382
Equity securities
  Floating rate
    preferred stocks            1,439        2,181        2,972
  Convertible and
    nonredeemable
    preferred stocks              484          715        1,155
  Common stocks                   446          325          486
Mortgage loans on
  real estate                     301          572          980
Policy loans                    2,810        2,562        2,129
Short-term investments          7,588        6,775        5,023
Other                           2,280        1,555        3,358
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                              102,734       97,274      100,682
Less investment expenses        4,692        4,800        4,068
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Net investment income       $  98,042    $  92,474    $  96,614
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Investments carried at their fair value of $298,536,000 at December 31, 1994
and $313,700,000 at December 31, 1993 were on deposit with regulatory
authorities in compliance with insurance company regulations.

                                                                              47
<PAGE>
    As of December 31, 1994, Zenith and its subsidiaries own $10,398,000, at
fair value, of securities in Reliance Insurance Company, its parent and
affiliates. Reliance Insurance Company is a major stockholder of Zenith.

Note 3
Properties and Equipment
    Properties and equipment consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
DECEMBER 31,                        1994       1993
- ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>        <C>
Land                              $  14,836  $  14,836
Buildings                            33,806     32,360
Furniture, fixtures and
  equipment                          35,088     32,450
- ------------------------------------------------------
                                     83,730     79,646
Less accumulated depreciation        35,149     32,604
- ------------------------------------------------------
  Total                           $  48,581  $  47,042
- ------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Depreciation expense amounted to $4,267,000, $4,978,000, and $4,855,000 in
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

Note 4
Future Policy Benefits
    Future policy benefits and life insurance in force consist of:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>          <C>          <C>
                               LIFE        FUTURE         INTEREST
(Dollars in thousands)       INSURANCE     POLICY           RATE
DECEMBER 31,                 IN FORCE     BENEFITS       ASSUMPTIONS

<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                         <C>          <C>          <C>
1994
Universal life contracts     $1,733,560   $  92,157             6.6%
Traditional life contracts     613,076       49,270             9.9%
Other                           78,684       18,415             7.4%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
1993
Universal life contracts     $2,151,874   $  88,165             7.0%
Traditional life contracts     750,750       48,969             9.9%
Other                           73,554       17,367             7.9%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Reinsurance recoverable on future policy benefits amounting to $590,000 and
$730,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively, is recorded as an asset.
    Traditional life and group life mortality assumptions are based upon
multiples, ranging from 70% to 120%, applied to the 1967-70 Select and Ultimate
Mortality Tables. Individual and group accident and health morbidity assumptions
are based upon CalFarm Life experience. Withdrawal assumptions are based upon
either CalFarm Life experience or industry tables modified, where appropriate,
for CalFarm Life experience.
    Mortality, morbidity and withdrawal assumptions for other lines of insurance
(including paid up and reinsurance assumed) are calculated using various
statutory assumptions.
    Assumptions with regard to interest rates, mortality, morbidity and
withdrawals for reinsurance ceded approximate the assumptions used in
calculating the related direct reserves.
    For deferred annuity contracts, universal life, single premium life, and
other interest-sensitive life insurance contracts, it is assumed that the earned
interest rate would exceed the rate credited to account values by the amount of
the target interest spreads established for each product.

Note 5
Payable to Banks
    Zenith has lines of credit available of $50 million. As of December 31, 1994
and 1993, there were no outstanding balances on these unsecured lines of credit.
Interest on funds borrowed through one of these lines of credit is payable at
the bank's prime rate, less .55%, and at the bank's prime rate, less .25% or a
fixed rate chosen by Zenith on the other line of credit. Zenith Insurance has a
line of credit available of $3 million to enable it to issue letters of credit
in favor of ceding companies in certain states where such ceding companies would
not otherwise be allowed to take credit for reinsurance ceded to Zenith
Insurance.
    Under these agreements certain restrictive covenants apply including the
maintenance of a specific level of net worth for Zenith and its insurance
subsidiaries.
    The weighted average interest rate for 1994, 1993 and 1992 was 8.5%, 5.5%
and 6.2%, respectively. At December 31, 1994 and 1993 the prime interest rate
was 8.5% and 6%, respectively.
    During 1994, Perma-Bilt entered into two construction loan agreements with
essentially the same terms. The agreements provide for a maximum borrowing of
$11,000,000. The loans bear interest at the bank's reference rate plus 1.25%. At
December 31, 1994 $2,471,000 was outstanding with respect to these loans. Both
loans mature on April 1, 1996. The carrying value of these variable-rate loans
approximates fair value at December 31, 1994.

Note 6
Senior Notes Payable
    $75,000,000 of 9% Senior Notes due 2002 (the "9% Notes") were issued at par
in May 1992. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually. The notes are
general unsecured obligations of Zenith. Issue costs of $1,213,000 are being
amortized over the term of the notes and $122,000, $121,000 and $81,000 of such
costs were amortized during 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Covenants
contained in the indenture include restrictions on the ability of Zenith and its
subsidiaries to incur secured debt and the right of holders of the 9% Notes to
require Zenith to repurchase the 9% Notes upon a decline in the rating of the 9%
Notes within ninety days after the occurrence of certain events. Those events
are: (a) a person or group becomes the beneficial owner of more than 50% of
Zenith

48
<PAGE>
common stock; (b) 10% or more of Zenith common stock is acquired by Zenith
within any 12 month period; or (c) the sum of the fair market value of
distributions (other than regular dividends or distributions of capital stock)
and the consideration for purchases of Zenith common stock by Zenith during a 12
month period is thirty percent or more of the fair market value of outstanding
Zenith common stock. The fair value at December 31, 1994 of the 9% Notes is
$75,848,000 based on a price published by a rating agency.
    In June 1992, Zenith called its previously outstanding 10 1/4% Senior Notes
due 1994 utilizing a portion of the proceeds of the 9% Notes. The premium to
call the 10 1/4% Senior Notes and the unamortized discount thereon reduced net
income in 1992 by $1,355,000, net of a tax benefit of $698,000.
    Interest incurred on all borrowing is summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>        <C>        <C>
(Dollars in thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,              1994       1993       1992

<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Interest capitalized for real
 estate operations                 $   1,219  $     407
Interest not related to real
  estate operations                    5,937      6,658  $   6,472
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
Total interest incurred            $   7,156  $   7,065  $   6,472
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Note 7
Federal Income Taxes
    The components of the provision (benefit) for taxes on income from
operations are:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>        <C>        <C>
(Dollars in thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,           1994       1993       1992

<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>        <C>        <C>
Current                         $  23,406  $  11,982  $   5,146
Deferred                           (3,735)     8,297     (4,776)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Total federal income taxes      $  19,671  $  20,279  $     370
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The difference between the statutory federal income tax rate (35% in 1994
and 1993 and 34% in 1992) and Zenith's effective tax rate on income from
operations, as reflected in the financial statements, is explained as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>        <C>        <C>
(Dollars in thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,           1994       1993       1992
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<S>                             <C>        <C>        <C>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Statutory federal income tax    $  20,150  $  25,718  $   6,700
Increase (reduction) in taxes:
  Dividend received
    deduction                      (1,086)    (1,537)    (2,577)
  Tax exempt interest                                      (812)
  Proration of dividend
    exclusion and tax exempt
    interest to loss reserves         138        204        449
  Tax benefit of capital loss
    carryforward                              (4,253)    (3,688)
  Other                               469        147        298
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
  Total federal income taxes    $  19,671  $  20,279  $     370
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    In 1992 Zenith adopted SFAS No. 109 retroactive to the beginning of 1992
(see Note 1). The cumulative effect of such adoption was an increase in income
of $10,719,000 from the adjustment of deferred taxes at the beginning of the
year, net of a valuation allowance of $11,947,000. The effect of adoption on the
provision for federal income taxes in 1992 increased net income by $881,000. In
addition, the tax effect of purchased life insurance reserves was reclassified
to deferred taxes.
    Deferred taxes are provided based upon temporary differences between the tax
and book basis of assets and liabilities. The components of the net deferred tax
assets and liabilities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
                                     1994                    1993
(Dollars in thousands)           DEFERRED TAX            Deferred Tax
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,      ASSETS    LIABILITIES   Assets    Liabilities
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Differences between the
  tax basis and carrying
  value of investments      $  16,771                           $   7,725
Deferred policy
  acquisition costs                     $  36,785                  36,586
Purchased intangibles                      15,136                  15,601
Properties and equipment                    2,592                   2,597
Property and casualty loss
  reserve discount             25,663               $  25,727
Difference in computing
  life policy reserves         17,551                  17,044
Limitation on deduction
  for unearned premiums         7,988                   7,243
Policyholders' dividends
  accrued                       7,183                   7,464
Other                           2,821       4,293       2,083       6,711
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               77,977      58,806      59,561      69,220
Valuation allowance           (14,031)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred tax assets
  and liabilities           $   5,140                           $   9,659
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Property-casualty loss reserves are not discounted for book purposes,
however the Tax Reform Act of 1986 requires property-casualty loss reserves to
be discounted for tax purposes.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Current taxes receivable (payable) and deferred taxes were as follows:
- ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>
(Dollars in thousands)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                 1994       1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------
Current taxes                         $   2,497  $  (4,596)
Deferred taxes                            5,140     (9,659)
- ----------------------------------------------------------
Federal income taxes                  $   7,637  $ (14,255)
- ----------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Zenith files a consolidated federal income tax return. Zenith's insurance
subsidiaries pay premium taxes on gross premiums written in lieu of state income
or franchise tax. The tax rate in California was 2.35% and 6.06% in Texas in
1994, 1993, and 1992.
    The policyholders' surplus account of CalFarm Life which permitted a
deferral of tax became taxable in 1986 as a result of an election to adjust the
tax basis of assets under Internal Revenue Code Section 338. Accordingly,
CalFarm Life does not have a policyholders' surplus account.

                                                                              49
<PAGE>
Note 8
Reinsurance
    Reinsurance transactions reflected in the financial statements are as
follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                           <C>        <C>        <C>
- -------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)          1994       1993       1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------
Ceded reinsurance netted
  against earned premiums
  for the year                $  21,801  $  22,457  $  22,231
Ceded reinsurance netted
  against property and
  casualty losses and loss
  adjustment expenses
  incurred                       17,133     38,716     11,350
Net assumed reinsurance
  included in earned
  premiums for the year          37,787     26,094     19,357
- -------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Zenith Insurance has an assumed reinsurance agreement with Reliance
Insurance Company, a major stockholder of Zenith. Three of Zenith's directors
are also directors of Reliance Insurance Company. Reimbursed estimated costs
paid to Reliance relating to this arrangement amounted to $370,078, $578,000 and
$420,000 for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Zenith's reinsurance
arrangements provide protection against claims in excess of between $200,000 and
$700,000 per occurrence depending upon the type of coverage. Zenith's
catastrophe reinsurance provides protection against aggregate losses per event
on property and workers' compensation coverages with limits ranging from
$20,000,000 to $100,000,000. Assumed reinsurance business is not covered by such
catastrophe reinsurance.

Note 9
Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

    Zenith and its subsidiaries lease space for some of its offices expiring
through 2002, equipment on leases expiring through 1996 and automobiles on two
through five year leases. The minimum rentals on these operating leases as of
December 31, 1994 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
                             EQUIPMENT AND
YEAR                          AUTO FLEET      OFFICES     TOTAL
<S>                         <C>              <C>        <C>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
1995                           $     480     $   3,436  $   3,916
1996                                 262         2,895      3,157
1997                                  25         1,536      1,561
1998                                             1,267      1,267
1999                                             1,148      1,148
Thereafter                                       3,496      3,496
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Total                          $     767     $  13,778  $  14,545
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    Rental expenses for 1994, 1993, and 1992 amounted to $5,612,000, $5,717,000
and $4,774,000, respectively.
    In November 1994, Zenith Insurance became a corporate underwriting member of
Lloyd's through the formation of a 100% wholly owned subsidiary, ZIC Lloyd's
Underwriting Limited which has committed funds of $5 million to support the 1995
underwriting year of a certain syndicate.
    Zenith and its subsidiaries are involved in certain litigation. In the
opinion of management and legal counsel, such litigation is either without merit
or the ultimate liability, if any, will not have a material effect on the
consolidated financial condition of Zenith.

Resolution of Contingencies
Surrounding Certain Litigation and Other Matters
    Other income of $1,210,000 and $2,441,000 was recognized in 1994 and 1993,
respectively, relating to certain events which were associated with the
non-investment grade securities market and Zenith's related write-downs of
investments in 1990. Zenith settled litigation in 1993 which resulted in
$1,910,000 and $7,561,000 of income in 1994 and 1993, respectively. Also,
CalFarm Life recognized approximately $700,000 in 1994 and $5,120,000 in 1993
for its estimated share of the cost associated with the failure of Executive
Life Insurance Company which will be assessed by the California Life Insurance
Guarantee Association.

Resolution of Contingencies
Surrounding Proposition 103
    In January 1993, Zenith reached an agreement with the California Department
of Insurance to resolve the rollback refund issue with respect to its
subsidiaries. Without admitting that Zenith would owe any refunds or that its
rates would require a refund under a correct application of the California
Supreme Court's directive of May 1989, management came to the conclusion that in
the best interests of Zenith's stockholders and customers, a fair settlement
would be better than the continued uncertainty and the costs and risks
associated with the litigation of this issue. The net cost of the refund, after
reinsurance, reduced income in 1992 by $16,078,000 before income taxes.

Note 10
Common Stock
    Under an employee non-qualified stock option plan adopted by the Board of
Directors in 1978, as amended, options are issued to officers and key employees
for the purchase of Zenith's common stock at 100% of the market price at the
date of grant. The options expire between five and ten years after the date of
grant or three months after termination of employment. Zenith makes no charges
to earnings in connection with stock options.

50
<PAGE>
    Additional information with respect to stock options is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>          <C>           <C>
(SHARES AND TOTAL DOLLARS                      OPTION PRICE
IN THOUSANDS)                  NUMBER     -----------------------
OPTIONS                       OF SHARES    PER SHARE      TOTAL
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31,
  1992                            1,385   $11.94-$21.02 $  24,945
Granted                             332    22.56-28.19      8,198
Exercised                           348    11.94-19.81      6,261
Expired or cancelled                 65    11.94-19.81      1,137
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31,
  1993                            1,304    11.94-28.19     25,745
Granted                             190    21.88-25.06      4,464
Exercised                           124    11.94-19.09      2,093
Expired or cancelled                 75    11.94-23.25      1,415
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31,
  1994                            1,295   $11.94-$28.19 $  26,701
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

    The 1,295,000 outstanding options are exercisable: 1995, 953,000; 1996,
177,000; 1997, 124,000; and 41,000, 1998.
    At December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, 336,000, 454,000 and
721,000 shares were available to be granted. At December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively, 764,000 and 704,000 options could have been exercised. In 1992,
303,000 options were exercised for a total amount of $4,527,000 with an option
price of $11.94-$19.09 per share.
    At December 31, 1994 Zenith had authority from its Board of Directors to
purchase 794,000 additional treasury shares at prevailing market prices.

Note 11
Dividend Restrictions
    Under insurance company regulations of the State of California, the maximum
dividends that may be paid to Zenith by its insurance company subsidiaries
during any 12 month period without prior approval of the Department of Insurance
is limited to the greater of 10% of statutory surplus as regards policyholders
at the preceding December 31, or 100% of net income for the preceding year for
Zenith Insurance, and the greater of 10% of statutory surplus as regards
policyholders at the preceding December 31, or statutory net gain from
operations for the preceding year for CalFarm Life. In addition, any such
dividend can only be paid out of earned surplus. Zenith Insurance's
stockholder's equity and CalFarm Life's stockholder's equity in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles amounted to $263,150,000 and
$103,862,000, respectively, as of December 31, 1994 of which Zenith Insurance
and CalFarm Life can pay $25,643,000 and $9,512,000, respectively, in 1995, to
Zenith in dividends without prior approval, leaving a restricted balance of
$237,507,000 and $94,350,000, respectively. In addition, in 1995, $7,328,000 can
be paid to Zenith Insurance by its insurance subsidiaries which would be
available for dividend payments to Zenith in the following year.

Note 12
Statutory Financial Data
    Capital stock and surplus and net income on a statutory basis as reported to
regulatory authorities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                   <C>        <C>        <C>
- -----------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)
YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31,            1994       1993       1992
- -----------------------------------------------------
Capital stock and
  surplus:
  Property-casualty,
    consolidated      $ 230,040  $ 228,093  $ 203,479
  Life insurance         66,236     59,241     54,769
Net income:
  Property-casualty,
    consolidated         32,856     49,698      7,562
  Life insurance          9,164      4,966      8,253
- -----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Note 13
Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data
<TABLE>
<S>                   <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands
except per share data)

<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED              MARCH      JUNE      SEPTEMBER    DECEMBER
DECEMBER 31, 1994        31         30          30           31
<S>                   <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Premium income and
  other policy
  charges             $ 113,923  $ 115,906   $ 121,519    $ 111,847
Net investment
  income                 23,143     24,455      25,178       25,266
Realized gains
  (losses) on
  investments             1,816        431        (628)         827
Real estate sales                    8,773       7,079       14,368
Other income (loss),
  net                                1,760          71         (621)
Net income                8,200     10,900      10,100        8,700
Net income per share        .43        .57         .53          .46
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<S>                    <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands
except per share data)

<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED               MARCH      JUNE      SEPTEMBER    DECEMBER
DECEMBER 31, 1993         31         30          30           31
<S>                    <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Premium income and
  other policy
  charges              $ 113,935  $ 120,192   $ 119,992    $ 115,703
Net investment
  income                  24,324     23,683      22,872       21,595
Realized gains on
  investments              4,997      5,659       3,841        6,548
Other income, net                                 2,441
Net income                12,600     15,100      13,500       12,000
Net income per share         .66        .78         .70          .63
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                              51
<PAGE>
Note 14
Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves
    The following table represents a reconciliation of changes in liabilities
for unpaid property-casualty losses and loss adjustment expenses for the three

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
years ended December 31, 1994.
- ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>
(Dollars in
thousands)             1994       1993       1992

<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>        <C>        <C>
Beginning of year,
 net of reinsurance
 recoverable         $ 468,718  $ 464,149  $ 440,180
Incurred claims:
  Current year         273,177    266,137    269,798
  Prior years           (9,720)     9,071     19,934
- ----------------------------------------------------
Total incurred
    claims             263,457    275,208    289,732
- ----------------------------------------------------
Payments:
  Current year        (107,211)   (93,824)   (88,692)
  Prior years         (167,918)  (176,815)  (177,071)
- ----------------------------------------------------
Total payments        (275,129)  (270,639)  (265,763)
- ----------------------------------------------------
End of year, net of
 reinsurance           457,046    468,718    464,149
Reinsurance
 recoverable on
 unpaid losses          47,333     44,552     32,701
- ----------------------------------------------------
End of year          $ 504,379  $ 513,270  $ 496,850
- ----------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Statutory reserves are not materially different from GAAP reserves, net of
reinsurance, presented above.

Note 15
Segment Information

    Zenith's operations are conducted through three business segments. These
segments and their respective operations are as follows:

Parent

    Zenith is a holding company owning directly or indirectly all of the capital
stock of certain California insurance and insurance related companies. In 1993,
Zenith commenced a real estate operation through a newly formed subsidiary,
Perma-Bilt.

Property-Casualty Operations

    Zenith's property-casualty insurance operations offer multiple product line
insurance and reinsurance. Investments and related income of the
property-casualty insurance companies are available for payment of claims and
benefits and have not been identified with individual product lines.

Health and Life Insurance Operations

    Zenith's life insurance operations offer individual and group life, annuity
and accident and health policies. Identifiable assets for the health and life
insurance segment are those assets which are used in the life insurance company.

52
<PAGE>
The following table is a summary of results by major segments:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
(Dollars in thousands except per share data)
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                   1994       1993       1992

<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
PROPERTY-CASUALTY
  Net written premiums                                                 $ 411,905  $ 415,947  $ 378,178
  Net earned premiums                                                    401,925    405,901    377,426
  Investment income                                                       37,573     36,643     42,276
  Underwriting income (loss) before Proposition 103 rollback
    refund(1)(8)                                                           9,533     11,251    (20,621)
  Underwriting income (loss)(1)                                            9,533     11,251    (36,699)
  Income after taxes and before realized gains and Proposition 103
    rollback refund(3)(8)                                                 31,097     32,425     16,674
  Income after taxes and before realized gains(3)                         31,097     32,425      6,063
  Income after taxes                                                      31,996     40,939     16,208
  Identifiable assets                                                    935,761    946,219    912,928
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HEALTH AND LIFE
  Premium income and other policy charges(2)                              61,270     63,921     64,448
  Investment income                                                       60,012     55,339     53,486
  Income after taxes and before realized gains(3)                          8,749      4,096      8,205
  Income after taxes                                                       9,433     12,932     10,354
  Identifiable assets                                                    900,029    897,157    789,664
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PARENT
  Real estate sales                                                       30,220
  Investment income                                                          457        492        852
  (Loss) after taxes and before realized gains (losses) (3)               (3,536)    (1,253)    (5,779)
  (Loss) after taxes                                                      (3,529)      (671)    (7,226)
  Identifiable assets                                                     29,262     32,409     22,928
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONSOLIDATED TOTAL
  Premium income and other policy charges                                463,195    469,822    441,874
  Real estate sales                                                       30,220
  Investment income                                                       98,042     92,474     96,614
  Underwriting income (loss) before Proposition 103 rollback
    refund(1)(8)                                                           9,533     11,251    (20,621)
  Underwriting income (loss)(1)(8)                                         9,533     11,251    (36,699)
  Income after taxes and before realized gains and Proposition 103
    rollback refund(4)(3)(8)                                              35,524     33,682     19,100
    Per share                                                               1.86       1.75       1.01
  Income after taxes and before realized gains(3)                         36,310     35,268      8,489
  Income after taxes                                                      37,900     53,200     19,336
  Net income(5)(6)                                                        37,900     53,200     28,700
    Per share                                                               1.99       2.76       1.52
  Total assets(7)                                                     $1,840,758 $1,857,790 $1,703,553
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1) After policyholders' dividends of $17,412,000, $15,175,000 and $2,954,000
    for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
(2) Of total health and life premium income and other policy charges, 59%, 62%
    and 62% for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, is represented by one group
    health plan.
(3) Realized gains on investments after taxes were as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>        <C>        <C>
                                                                        1994       1993       1992
                                                                      --------------------------------
   Property-Casualty                                                  $      899 $    8,514 $   10,145
   Health and Life                                                           684      8,836      2,149
   Parent                                                                      7        582     (1,447)
                                                                      --------------------------------
   Consolidated Total                                                 $    1,590 $   17,932 $   10,847
</TABLE>

   Realized gains in the Health and Life segment reflect $1,786,000, and
   $1,239,000 tax benefit for capital loss carryover utilized in the
   consolidated federal income tax return in 1993 and 1992, respectively.
(4) Excludes $786,000 and $1,586,000 in 1994 and 1993, respectively, for net
    effect of legal settlement and CLIGA assessment.
(5) Net  income in 1992 includes an extraordinary item of $1,355,000, net of tax
    benefit, for debt redemption costs.
(6) Net income in 1992 includes $10,719,000 for the cumulative effect of the
    change in accounting for income taxes.
(7) Reflects elimination entry of $24,294,000, $17,995,000 and $21,967,000 in
    1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
(8) Proposition 103 rollback refund in 1992 was $16,078,000, net of reinsurance,
    or $10,611,000 ($.56 per share) after tax.

                                                                              53
<PAGE>
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT'S REPORT

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of Zenith National Insurance Corp.

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Zenith
National Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, and stockholders'
equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
    We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Zenith National
Insurance Corp. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.
    As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
changed its method of accounting for investments as of December 31, 1993 and its
method of accounting for income taxes in 1992.

                                     Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.

Los Angeles, California
February 1, 1995

54
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 21
                             SUBSIDIARIES OF ZENITH

    Set forth below are the names of certain subsidiaries of Zenith. Certain
subsidiaries, which considered in the aggregate would not constitute a
significant subsidiary, are omitted from the listing below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         JURISDICTION OF
                              NAME                                        ORGANIZATION
- -----------------------------------------------------------------  ---------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>
Zenith Insurance Company                                                   California
CalFarm Insurance Company                                                  California
ZNAT Insurance Company                                                     California
CalFarm Life Insurance Company                                             California
CalFarm Insurance Agency                                                   California
Zenith Star Insurance Company                                                 Texas
Perma-Bilt, a Nevada Corporation                                             Nevada
ZIC Lloyd's Underwriting Limited                                             England
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<PAGE>
<ARTICLE> 7
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<DEBT-HELD-FOR-SALE>                       930,502,000
<DEBT-CARRYING-VALUE>                      410,989,000
<DEBT-MARKET-VALUE>                        400,964,000
<EQUITIES>                                  46,014,000
<MORTGAGE>                                   3,503,000
<REAL-ESTATE>                                        0
<TOTAL-INVEST>                           1,462,989,000
<CASH>                                       7,114,000
<RECOVER-REINSURE>                          58,873,000
<DEFERRED-ACQUISITION>                     109,059,000
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                           1,840,758,000
<POLICY-LOSSES>                            504,379,000
<UNEARNED-PREMIUMS>                        121,867,000
<POLICY-OTHER>                             735,380,000
<POLICY-HOLDER-FUNDS>                       15,999,000
<NOTES-PAYABLE>                             76,582,000
<COMMON>                                    24,034,000
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                 285,826,000
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>             1,840,758,000
<PREMIUMS>                                 463,195,000
<INVESTMENT-INCOME>                         98,042,000
<INVESTMENT-GAINS>                           2,446,000
<OTHER-INCOME>                              31,430,000
<BENEFITS>                                 343,561,000
<UNDERWRITING-AMORTIZATION>                 83,653,000
<UNDERWRITING-OTHER>                        57,548,000
<INCOME-PRETAX>                             57,571,000
<INCOME-TAX>                                19,671,000
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                         37,900,000
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                37,900,000
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.99
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
<RESERVE-OPEN>                             468,718,000
<PROVISION-CURRENT>                        273,177,000
<PROVISION-PRIOR>                          (9,720,000)
<PAYMENTS-CURRENT>                         107,211,000
<PAYMENTS-PRIOR>                           167,918,000
<RESERVE-CLOSE>                            457,046,000
<CUMULATIVE-DEFICIENCY>                     (9,720,000)
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
