-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OEcH6Aq1sw/U+eqi4xbIOg8zIcQsTqlw6dcQiHryjGtZVBRhApXkqAz/JtpYTCf7
 Be5Q9nZib1BtyZzJf4gvCw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950149-95-000149.txt : 19950712<IMS-HEADER>0000950149-95-000149.hdr.sgml : 19950711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950149-95-000149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950328
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZIONS BANCORPORATION /UT/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				870227400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02610
		FILM NUMBER:		95523890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1380 KENNECOTT BLDG
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84133
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8015244787

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1380 KENNECOTT BUILDING
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84133

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZIONS UTAH BANCORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870615

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660921
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12-31-94
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C.  20459
                                   FORM 10-K
X   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
    OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994
                            OR
__  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from             to
                               -----------    -----------

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-2610

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

             UTAH                                         87-0227400
(State of other jurisdiction of               (Internal Revenue Service Employer
incorporation or organization)                      Identification Number)

         1380 Kennecott Building
          Salt Lake City, Utah                              84133
(Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (801) 524-4787

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the act:

                        Common Stock - without par value
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes    X     No
                                         -------     ------

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.
           ----

Aggregate Market Value of Common Stock Held by Nonaffiliates at
February 27, 1995 ..................................................$446,847,000

Number of Common Shares Outstanding at February 27, 1995.......14,562,970 Shares

Documents Incorporated by Reference:

Definitive Proxy Statement (See Part III, Item 10, Item 11, Item 12, and
Item 13).

<PAGE>   2

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                      ANNUAL REPORT FOR 1994 ON FORM 10-K

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                    PAGE
<S>                                                                                                 <C>
PART I

Item 1. Business                                                                                      1
Item 2. Properties                                                                                   13
Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                                                            14
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                                          14
Executive Officers of the Registrant                                                                 14

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters                        15
Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data                                                         16
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        17
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                  41
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure         68

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                                          68
Item 11. Executive Compensation                                                                      68
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management                              68
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                                              68

PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K                            68
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   3

PART I

ITEM 1.      BUSINESS

Zions Bancorporation (the Parent) is a multibank holding company organized
under the laws of Utah in 1955, registered under the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as amended.  Zions Bancorporation and its subsidiaries (the Company),
is the second largest bank holding company headquartered in Utah and provides a
full range of banking and related services primarily in Utah, Nevada, and
Arizona.  Its principal subsidiaries are banking subsidiaries which include
Zions First National Bank, the second largest commercial banking organization
in the state of Utah, Nevada State Bank, the fifth largest commercial bank in
Nevada, and National Bank of Arizona the  fifth largest commercial bank in
Arizona.

The Company's business and the businesses of many of its larger borrowers are
primarily concentrated in the state of Utah.  Consequently, the Company's
results of operations and financial condition are dependent upon general trends
in the Utah economy and real estate markets.

The Company has focused in recent years on maintaining strong liquidity,
risk-based capital and cash flow positions and on developing strong internal
controls.  An increasing focus is currently being placed on strengthening the
Company's retail banking business, as well as its small- and medium-sized 
business lending, residential mortgage and investment activities, and 
increasing the proportion of fee income in its total revenue mix.  The 
Company's general operating objectives include enhancing the Company's market
position in Utah, Nevada, and Arizona through in-market acquisitions of smaller
depository institutions, and through the continued development of the Company's
present lines of business.

The Company is committed to improving the communities it serves now and in the
years to come.  Employees, as active concerned citizens, perform acts of service
and goodwill to heighten a standard of living and boost community pride and 
morale.  The Company engages in a variety of loan programs which benefit low to
moderate income individuals; ranging from housing and business loans to
automobile loans.

At December 31, 1994, the Company had assets of $4.9 billion, loans of $2.4
billion, deposits of $3.7 billion, and shareholders' equity of more than $.3
billion.  A more detailed discussion concerning the Company's financial
condition is contained in Part II of this report.

The Banking Subsidiaries

The banks provide a wide variety of commercial and retail banking and
mortgage-lending financial services.  Commercial loans, lease financing, cash
management, lockbox, customized draft processing, and other special financial
services are provided for business and other commercial banking customers.  A
wide range of personal banking services are provided to individuals, including
bankcard, student and other installment loans and home equity credit line
loans, checking accounts, savings accounts, time certificates of various types
and maturities, trust services and safe deposit facilities.  In addition,
direct deposit of payroll, social security and various other government checks
is offered.  Automated teller machines provide 24-hour access and availability
to customers' accounts and to many consumer banking services through statewide,
regional, and nationwide ATM networks.

Zions First National Bank in Utah has developed special packages of financial
services designed to meet the financial needs of particular market niches,
including the Premier Account for those 50 years and older and the Student
Account.  The Bank has also established a Private Banking group to service the
financial needs of wealthy individuals; an Executive Banking program to service
the needs of corporate executives of commercial clients, and an Affinity
program which offers discounted financial services to employees of commercial
accounts on a group basis.  Zions Bank has also developed a series of products
geared to the lower-income customer, including the Flex Loan (a low-income
personal loan), several low-income housing programs, and the Reddi-Savings
account-- a savings account with unlimited ATM access for those not qualifying
for or desiring a checking account.

Both Zions First National Bank and Nevada State Bank have established trust
divisions which offer clients a variety of fiduciary services ranging from the
administration of estates and trusts to the management of funds held under
pension and profit sharing plans.  They also offer custodian, portfolio, and
management services.  The Trust Division of Zions First National Bank also acts
as fiscal and payment agent, transfer agent, registrar, and trustee under
corporate and trust indentures for corporations, governmental bodies, and
public authorities.





                                       1
<PAGE>   4

Zions First National Bank is a registered dealer in, and underwriter of, general
obligations of state and municipal governments, and a primary dealer in
obligations of the United States government and several federal agencies.  
Zions First National Bank also provides correspondent banking services such as
cash letter processing, wire services, federal funds facilities, and loan 
participations.

Zions First National Bank's International Banking Department issues letters of
credit and handles foreign exchange transactions for customers, but it does not
take a trading position in foreign exchange.  Zions First National Bank's Grand
Cayman branch accepts Eurodollar deposits from qualified customers, and places
deposits with foreign banks and foreign branches of other U.S. banks.  Zions'
banking subsidiaries, however, do not engage in any foreign lending.

The Company's commercial banking operations generated net income of $65,661,000
in 1994, a .6% increase over the $65,263,000 earned in 1993.  Results for 1993
have been restated to reflect the pooling-of-interests accounting  treatment
afforded the acquisition of National Bancorp of Arizona during the first quarter
of 1994.  Income from commercial banking operations was negatively affected in
1994 by rising interest rates and narrowing margins, particularly in the
indirect installment contract business.  Rising interest rates adversely
affected the sale of fixed income securities, reducing revenues at the recently
acquired Discount Corporation of New York.  Rising rates were also manifest in
the cost of deposits, as competitors' balance sheets became more fully
loaned-up, creating pressure to generate greater deposit growth.  Competitive
conditions were also intense in the indirect automobile receivables business.
Although the volume of such receivables originated increased, margins were
greatly reduced from levels previously experienced.

During the year a major effort was initiated to reduce the cost structure in the
Company's banking operations.  A major focus of this initiative is to eliminate
redundant operations in the three subsidiary banks, and to centralize functions
which are transparent to customers while at the same time maintaining a great
deal of decision-making capability at the local management level.  At year-end
1994, staffing in the lead bank, excluding the mortgage operations, had been
reduced by 57 full-time equivalent employees, or 3.4% below staffing levels a
year earlier.  An early retirement program was  made available to certain
employees subsequent to year-end 1994, with approximately 40 employees
participating.  Further cost-reduction projects are underway in 1995.

Average federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell
increased 31.4% or $208,136,000 in 1994, and average securities
held-to-maturity, available-for-sale and in trading accounts increased 27.9% or
$336,701,000.  Average interest-bearing deposits held at other banks and other
money market investments decreased $108,185,000 or 81.7% during the year. Total
average loans and lease receivables, net of unearned discount, increased 16.0%
or $354,310,000, despite the fact that the Company securitized receivables in
the gross amount of $703,013,000 during 1994.

Core deposits continued to experience strong growth, as the total volume of such
accounts rose $339,049,000 or 11.1%.  The components of this growth included an
increase of $111,723,000 or 15.3% in average demand deposits, an increase of
$92,161,000 or 14.2% in savings deposits, an increase of $167,103,000 or 14.9%
in average money market account balances, and a decrease of $31,938,000 in time
deposits under $100,000.  Total average deposits increased 12.5% or $398,935,000
to $3,595,409,000 in 1994.

Average federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase increased 40.0% or $309,817,000 in 1994, while securities sold short
increased 165.6% or $114,963,000.  Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Seattle and other borrowings decreased 20.0% or $36,016,000.  Total
shareholders' equity allocated to commercial banking operations increased 18.5%
or $54,467,000 in 1994.

The ATM network was further expanded in 1994, with 40 additional machines being
deployed.  The total number of ATM's in service at year-end 1994 was 215, a 23%
increase over the prior year-end totals.  The ATM network includes installations
at branch offices, stores, shopping centers, resort areas, hotels, airports,
and university campuses.

Utah

Zions First National Bank, founded in 1873, has 86 offices located throughout
the state of Utah, plus one foreign office, for a total of 87 banking offices.
Zions First National Bank's net income was $48,203,000, a decline of 8.8% from
the $52,867,000 earned in 1993.  The decline was a result of a $321,000 decline
in net revenue, a $6,437,000 increase in noninterest expenses and a $1,435,000
reduction in benefit from 1993 accounting changes, offset by a $926,000 decline
in provision for loan losses and a $2,603,000 reduction in the income tax
provision.





                                       2
<PAGE>   5

Several initiatives were launched in 1994 to increase the convenience of banking
for consumers and businesses.  Zions First National Bank was the first Utah bank
to aggressively promote point-of-sale debit card services throughout Utah.  The
bank also expanded its telephone service center to provide access to a wide
variety of banking services via telephone.  The Company's Reddi-Response system
now handles approximately 10,000 phone calls per day.  Zions Bank also became
the first Utah-based institution to introduce Electronic Data Interchange, a
package of data transmission services for corporate customers which facilitates
the electronic processing of purchase orders, invoices, and payment information.

Zions First National Bank successfully completed the first phase of a pilot
program in conjunction with the National Association of Certified Development
Companies to underwrite SBA 504 loans through selected local CDC's throughout
the United States.  An initial $43.7 million pool of commercial first mortgage
loans originated under the program was securitized in 1994, and it is
anticipated that the program will be significantly expanded in 1995.

During 1994, Zions First National Bank organized a Small Business Investment
Corporation to provide early-stage capital, primarily for technology companies
located in the Intermountain West.  The fund, operating as Wasatch Venture Fund,
completed ten investments during its first year of operation.

In 1994, two new branches were opened in Layton and Eden, Utah, and during the
fourth quarter, the pending merger transaction of Zions Bancorporation and First
Western Bancorporation was announced.  The transaction is expected to be
consummated during the second quarter of 1995, and will mark the Company's
initial entry into the southeastern area of the state.  The acquisition will
provide $37 million in assets and the addition of three banking offices operated
by First Western Bancorporation's banking subsidiary, First Western National
Bank, in Moab, Monticello and Blanding, Utah.

Nevada

Nevada State Bank, a state-chartered Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
("FDIC")-insured institution, with its main office in downtown Las Vegas, opened
two new grocery store banking centers in Summerlin and Pahrump, Nevada, during
1994, expanding its banking offices to 21 in Nevada.  Net income at Nevada State
Bank, after the amortization of purchase premium, increased 30.9% to $6,140,000
in 1994 as compared to $4,691,000 in 1993.  Nevada State Bank's earnings
increase was attributable to a $3,890,000 increase in net revenue, offset by a
$646,000 increase in noninterest expenses, a $410,000 increase in the loan loss
provision, a $1,032,000 increase in income taxes and a $353,000 reduction in the
net benefit produced by accounting changes in 1993.

Arizona

During 1994, the Company substantially increased its presence in the Arizona
market.  The acquisition of National Bancorp of Arizona was completed during the
first quarter, and Rio Salado Bancorp was acquired during the second quarter.
The banking operations of these two companies were merged with Zions First
National Bank of Arizona, and the resulting bank, with 10 offices, is operating
under the National Bank of Arizona name.  At year-end, the bank had over $700
million in assets, and over $36 million in net revenue, making it the fifth
largest commercial bank in Arizona.  Despite the disruptions caused by the
merger of these three organizations, National Bank of Arizona achieved a 46.9%
increase in net income, with 1994 earnings of $11,318,000 as compared with 1993
net income of $7,705,000.  The increase resulted from a net revenue increase of
$11,163,000, a reduction in loan loss provision of $301,000, offset by increases
in noninterest expenses and taxes of $4,758,000 and $2,599,000, respectively,
and a reduction in income from 1993 accounting changes of $494,000.  The 1994
net income of National Bank of Arizona produced a strong return on average
shareholders' equity of 24.3%.  National Bank of Arizona's results have been
restated to reflect the pooling-of-interest acquisition of that operation in the
first quarter of 1994 and the results also reflect the acquisition of Rio Salado
Bancorp, using the purchase accounting method, during the second quarter of
1994.  The two acquisitions also provide a foundation for increased activity on
the part of Zions Bancorporation's nonbank subsidiaries in the Arizona market.





                                      3
<PAGE>   6

Other Subsidiaries

The Company conducts various other bank-related business activities through
subsidiaries owned by the Parent and wholly-owned subsidiaries of Zions First
National Bank.  Zions Credit Corporation engages in lease origination and
servicing operations in Utah, Nevada, and Arizona.  Zions Life Insurance Company
underwrites as reinsurer credit-related life and disability insurance. Zions
Insurance Agency, Inc., operates an insurance brokerage business which
administers various credit-related insurance programs in the Company's
subsidiaries and sells general lines of insurance.  The Company's insurance
subsidiaries offer customers a full range of insurance products through licensed
agents.  The products include credit life products, collateral protection
products, life policies, homeowners policies, property and casualty policies,
and commercial business owner type policies.  Zions Data Service Company
provides data processing services to all subsidiaries of the Company. Zions
Mortgage Company, a subsidiary of Zions First National Bank, conducts a mortgage
banking operation in Utah, Nevada, and Arizona.  Zions Investment Securities,
Inc., also a subsidiary of the Bank, provides discount investment brokerage
services on a nonadvisory basis to both commercial and consumer customers.
Personal investment officers employed by the discount brokerage subsidiary in
many larger offices provide customers with a wide range of investment products,
including municipal bonds, mutual funds and tax-deferred annuities.

Zions Credit Corporation generated $63,140,000 in new lease volume in 1994, a
17.1% increase over the 1993 volume.  An additional $15,722,000 in leases was
brokered to third parties.  Average gross lease receivable and conditional sales
contracts serviced by Zions Credit Corporation decreased 3.7% to $129,134,000 in
1994 from $134,029,000 in 1993.

Zions Insurance Agency, Inc. and Zions Life Insurance Company produced combined
net income of $1,070,000, a 92.4% increase over the $556,000 generated in 1993.
The increased income was largely attributable  to increased volume in personal
lines of insurance and improved performance in the sale of mortgage life and
other credit life products.

Zions Data Service Company engaged in a variety of significant projects in 1994.
Most notable was the installation of a new deposit and account analysis system
which will simplify the development of new products and provide greater
flexibility in meeting customer requirements.  A new trust system was also
installed, providing state-of-the-art operational capabilities.  A loan
management system was developed using relational database technology.  The new
system will provide managers with a much greater capability to view the full
range of a customer's account relationships and to easily develop customized
management reports.  Zions Data Service Company also began the installation of a
wide area network to support improved data and voice communications between the
Company's various branches and departments.  The new network will improve
response times and allow the Company to significantly leverage its substantial
investment in personal computer equipment and software.

Zions Mortgage Company experienced a sharp reduction in mortgage originations as
a result of an adverse interest rate environment in 1994.  Total retail mortgage
origination volume decreased 47.4% to $382,800,000 in 1994 from $727,500,000 in
1993.  In reaction to the decline in activity, staffing was reduced 27% between
March and December, 1994.  Higher interest rates resulted in a loss on loan
sales of $3,445,000, including a downward mark-to-market adjustment of
$1,700,000 in a portfolio of adjustable rate mortgages, as compared to a gain on
loan sales of $2,035,000 in 1993.  The loss on loan sales was partially offset
by a gain in the amount of $2,516,000 from the sale of mortgage servicing
rights.  Zions Mortgage Company experienced a net loss of $319,000 in 1994, as
compared to net income of $530,000 in 1993.  Inasmuch as Zions Mortgage Company
is a direct subsidiary of Zions First National Bank, its results of operations
are included in the banking operations results.

In a very difficult year for securities sales, Zions Investment Securities, Inc.
nevertheless contributed $730,000 in pretax income, rent income and revenue
sharing to the  Company's banking operations.  Net income, which is included in
the banking operations results, was $193,000, a 37.5% reduction from the
$309,000 earned in 1993.

1994 Economic Trends

The Intermountain region continued to exhibit a healthy economy during 1994,
though the pace of economic growth slowed somewhat in the Company's primary
market area of Utah.  Employment growth in Utah totaled 6.2% in 1994, down from
6.9% in 1993, while residential construction slowed 13% between the first and
fourth quarters of 1994.  Commercial construction remains strong, driven by low
vacancy rates.  Although it appears that Utah may lose approximately 2,000
defense jobs over the next few years as a result of downsizing at Defense Depot
Ogden and Dugway Proving Grounds, the future of the state's largest employer,
Hill Air Force Base, currently appears secure, inasmuch as the Department of
Defense has not recommended the facility's closure to the Base Closure and
Realignment Commission.





                                       4
<PAGE>   7

Nevada's employment growth slowed to 4.2% in 1994 from 7.2% in 1993 as a result
of the completion of several major hotel construction projects.  The state's
net gaming revenues - an indicator of tourist activity - rose 16% in the fourth
quarter of 1994 as compared to the year-earlier period.

Employment grew 4.9% in Arizona in 1994 compared to 4.1% in 1993.   There has
been a substantial reduction in office vacancy rates in Phoenix and Tucson in
recent months, with the result that suburban office vacancy rates are now well
below national averages.

The Federal Reserve System moved aggressively during 1994 to slow the rate of
growth in the nation's economy.  The result was a two- and-a-half percentage
point increase in the prime rate, and commensurate increases in intermediate and
long-term rates, producing the most difficult fixed-income market in several
decades.  The increase in rates significantly affected mortgage lending
activity, as retail mortgage originations declined.  The rise in interest rates
also slowed retail and institutional investment sales.

Supervision and Regulation

Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both federal
and state law.  The information contained in this section summarizes portions of
the applicable laws and regulations relating to the supervision and regulation
of Zions Bancorporation and its subsidiaries.  These summaries do not purport to
be complete, and they are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
particular statutes and regulations described.  Any change in applicable law or
regulation may have a material effect on the business and prospects of Zions
Bancorporation and its subsidiaries.

Bank Holding Company Regulation

Zions Bancorporation is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank
Holding Company Act and is registered as such with the Federal Reserve Board.
Under the current terms of that Act, activities of Zions Bancorporation, and
those of companies which it controls or in which it holds more than 5% of the
voting stock, are limited to banking or managing or controlling banks or
furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries, or any other
activity which the Federal Reserve Board determines to be so closely related to
banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.  In
making such determinations, the Federal Reserve Board is required to consider
whether the performance of such activities by a bank holding company or its
subsidiaries can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public such
as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency that
outweigh the possible adverse effects, such as undue concentration of resources,
decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking
practices.

Bank holding companies, such as Zions Bancorporation, are required to file with
the Federal Reserve Board certain reports and information and are required to
obtain prior approval of the Board to engage in an new activity or to acquire
more than 5% of any class of voting stock of any company.  Generally, no
application to acquire shares of a bank located outside that state in which the
operations of the applicant's banking subsidiaries were principally conducted on
the date it became subject to the Act may be approved by the Federal Reserve
Board unless such acquisition is specifically authorized by the laws of the
state in which the bank whose shares are to be acquired is located.  In the
meantime, most state have specifically authorized the acquisition of banks
located in those states by out-out-state companies, in many cases subject to
various restrictions.

The Federal Reserve Board has authorized the acquisition and control by bank
holding companies of savings and loan associations and certain other savings
institutions without regard to geographic restrictions applicable to acquisition
of shares of a bank.

The Riegle-Neal Interstate Branching and Efficiency Act of 1994 ("Riegle-Neal
Act") permits, beginning one year after enactment and subject to approval by the
Federal Reserve Board, bank holding companies to acquire either control of, or
substantial assets of, a bank located outside the bank holding company's home
state.  These acquisitions are subject to limitations which are mentioned in the
discussion on "Interstate Banking".  The Riegle-Neal Act reaffirms the right of
states to segregate and tax separately incorporated subsidiaries of a bank or
bank holding company.  The Riegle-Neal Act also affects interstate branching and
merger.

The Federal Reserve Board is authorized to adopt regulations affecting various
aspects of bank holding companies.  Pursuant to the general supervisory
authority of the Bank Holding Company Act and directives set forth in the
International Lending Supervision Act of 1983, the Federal Reserve Board has
adopted capital adequacy guidelines prescribing both risk-based capital and
leverage ratios.





                                       5
<PAGE>   8

Regulatory Capital Requirements

Risk-Based Capital Guidelines

The Federal Reserve Board established risk-based capital guidelines for bank
holding companies effective March 15, 1989.  The guidelines define Tier I
Capital and Total Capital.  Tier I Capital consists of common and qualifying
preferred shareholders' equity and minority interests in equity accounts of
consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill and 50% (and in some cases up to 100%)
of investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries.  Total Capital consists of Tier I
Capital plus qualifying mandatory convertible debt, perpetual debt, certain
hybrid capital instruments, certain preferred stock not qualifying as Tier I
Capital, subordinated and other qualifying term debt up to specified limits, and
a portion of the allowance for credit losses, less investments in unconsolidated
subsidiaries and in other designated subsidiaries or other associated companies
at the discretion of the Federal Reserve Board, certain intangible assets, a
portion of limited-life capital instruments approaching maturity and reciprocal
holdings of banking organizations' capital instruments. The Tier I component
must constitute at least 50% of qualifying Total Capital.

Risk-based capital ratios are calculated with reference to risk-weighted assets,
which include both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures. The
risk-based capital framework contains four risk-weighted categories for bank
holding company assets -- 0%, 20%, 50%, and 100%.  Zero percent risk-weighted
assets include, inter alia, cash and balances due from Federal Reserve Banks,
and obligations unconditionally guaranteed by the U.S. government or its
agencies.  Twenty percent risk-weighted assets include, inter alia, claims on
U.S. Banks and obligations guaranteed by U.S. government sponsored agencies as
well as general obligations of states or other political subdivisions of the
United States.  Fifty percent risk-weighted assets include, inter alia, loans
fully secured by first liens on one to-four-family residential properties,
subject to certain conditions.  All assets not included in the foregoing
categories are assigned to the 100% risk-weighted category, including loans to
commercial and other borrowers.  As of year-end 1992, the minimum required ratio
for qualifying Total Capital became 8%, of which at least 4% must consist of
Tier I Capital.  At December 31, 1994, the Company's Tier I and Total Capital
ratios were 11.81% and 14.96%, respectively.

The current risk-based capital ratio analysis establishes minimum supervisory
guidelines and standards.  It does not evaluate all factors affecting an
organization's financial condition.  Factors which are not evaluated include (i)
overall interest rate exposure; (ii) liquidity, funding, and market risks; (iii)
quality and level of earnings; (iv) investment or loan portfolio concentrations;
(v) quality of loans and investments; (vi) the effectiveness of loan and
investment policies; (vii) certain risks arising from nontraditional activities;
and (viii) management's overall ability to monitor and control other financial
and operating risks, including the risks presented by concentrations of credit
and nontraditional activities.  The capital adequacy assessment of federal bank
regulators will, however, continue to include analyses of the foregoing
considerations and in particular, the level and severity of problem and
classified assets.

Minimum Leverage Ratio

On June 20, 1990, the Federal Reserve Board adopted new capital standards and
leverage capital guidelines that include a minimum leverage ratio of 3% Tier I
Capital to total assets (the "leverage ratio").  The leverage ratio is used in
tandem with the final risk-based ratio of 8% that took effect at the end of
1992.

The Federal Reserve Board has emphasized that the leverage ratio constitutes a
minimum requirement for well-run banking organizations having well-diversified
risk, including no undue interest rate exposure, excellent asset quality, high
liquidity, good earnings, and a composite rating of 1 under the Interagency Bank
Rating System.  Banking organizations experiencing or anticipating significant
growth, as well as those organizations which do not exhibit the characteristics
of a strong, well-run banking organization described above, will be required to
maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory
levels without significant reliance on intangible assets. Furthermore, the
Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it will consider a "tangible Tier I
Capital Leverage Ratio" (deducting all intangibles) and other indices of capital
strength in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities.  At December
31, 1994, the Company's Tier I leverage ratio was 6.24%.





                                       6
<PAGE>   9

The Federal Reserve Board has adopted amendments to its capital guidelines,
effective as of December 31, 1994, under which bank holding companies and state
member banks must deduct from Tier I Capital in calculating risk-based capital
and leverage ratios net unrealized holding losses on available-for-sale equity
securities (i.e., those securities a bank does not have the positive interest
and ability to hold to maturity, but which it has no intent to trade as a part
of a trading account).  Implementation of this amendment to the Federal Reserve
Board's capital guidelines has not resulted in a material increase in the
capital requirement applicable to it.  The Federal Reserve Board has also
adopted a final rule amending its capital guidelines effective April 1, 1995,
limiting the amount of certain deferred tax assets that may be included by bank
holding companies and member banks in Tier I Capital for calculation of
risk-based capital and leverage ratios.  Zions Bancorporation does not
anticipate that implementation of this amendment to the Federal Reserve Board's
capital guidelines will result in a material increase in the capital
requirements applicable to it.  The Federal Reserve Board has also recently
published proposed amendments to its risk-based capital guidelines which, if
adopted in their current form, would generally increase the amount of capital
required to be carried against certain long-term derivative contracts; the
proposal also recognizes the effect of certain bilateral netting arrangements in
reducing potential future exposure under these contracts.  Until the proposed
amendments are adopted in final form by the Federal Reserve Board, Zions
Bancorporation cannot predict their effect upon the capital requirements
applicable to it.

Other Issues and Developments Relating to Regulatory Capital

Pursuant to such authority and directives set forth in the International Lending
Supervision Act of 1983, the Comptroller, the FDIC, and the Federal Reserve
Board have issued regulations establishing the capital requirements for banks
under federal law.  The regulations, which apply to Zions Bancorporation's
banking subsidiaries, establish minimum risk-based and leverage ratios which are
substantially similar to those applicable to the Company.  As of December 31,
1994, the risk-based and leverage ratios of each of Zions Bancorporation's
banking subsidiaries exceeded the minimum requirements.

On December 19, 1991, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act
of 1991 ("FDICIA") was signed into law.  FDICIA subjects banks to significantly
increased regulation and supervision.  Among other things, FDICIA requires
federal bank regulatory authorities to revise, prior to June 19, 1993, their
risk-based capital guidelines to ensure that those standards take account of
interest rate risk, concentrations of credit, and the risk of nontraditional
activities, as well as reflect the actual performance and risk of multifamily
mortgages.

Pursuant to the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of
1994 (the "Riegle-Neal Act"), signed into law on September 23, 1994, such
revisions by the federal banking agencies to their risk-based capital guidelines
must also take account of the size and activities of insured institutions and
not cause undue reporting burdens to them.  The manner of implementation by the
FDIC of this requirement mandated by FDICIA, as modified by the Riegle Act, is
described below:

    (i)    In 1993 and 1994, the Federal Reserve Board, the Comptroller and the
           FDIC adopted rules which assigned a 50% risk weight for loans that
           are fully secured by  multifamily residential property and do not
           exceed 80% of the property's value.  To be eligible for the 50% risk
           weight, the property's annual net operating income must be 120% of
           the amount to the annual debt service and the loan must be amortized
           within 30 years.  The principal and interest payments must be made on
           a timely basis for one year before the 50% risk weight may be applied
           and the loan must provide for principal repayment beginning within
           seven years of the date of the loan.  Implementation of these rules
           have not had a material adverse effect upon the capital requirements
           applicable to Zions Bancorporation or upon those applicable to its
           bank subsidiaries.

    (ii)   The federal banking agencies have adopted rules, effective January
           17, 1995, under which they will take account of risks from
           concentrations of credit (in specific countries, region, industries
           and loan types) and from nontraditional activities in their analyses
           of capital adequacy of state nonmember banks.  Pursuant to the rule,
           in such institutions are required to identify, monitor and control,
           significant exposures from concentrations of credit and from
           nontraditional activities, and hold additional capital above the
           regulatory minimums to reflect such risks.  The level of such risks,
           as well as an institution's ability to identify, monitor and control
           them, will be considered by the federal banking agencies in
           determining the capital adequacy of the institution.  Zions
           Bancorporation does not anticipate the implementation of this rule
           will result in an increase in the capital requirements applicable to
           it or upon those applicable to its bank subsidiaries.





                                 7
<PAGE>   10

    (iii)  On September 14, 1993, the Federal Reserve Board, the Comptroller and
           the FDIC published in the Federal Register a proposed measure of
           interest rate risk exposure which measures such exposure as the
           effect that a specified change in market interest rates would have on
           the net economic value of banks. Under this proposal, banks
           (excluding certain "low risk" institutions as defined therein) would
           calculate and report estimated changes in their net economic value
           resulting from the effect of specified changes in market interest
           rates on their assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet positions,
           utilizing either a supervisory model or approved internal models. The
           proposal sets forth two alternative methods for utilizing such
           results in assessing institutions' capital adequacy for interest rate
           risk exposure.  One method would require institutions to hold capital
           equal to the dollar decline in their net economic value exceeding a
           supervisory threshold of one percent of total assets; the other
           method provides for an agency assessment of institutions' capital
           needs for interest rate risk in light of both the level of measured
           interest rate risk exposure and qualitative factors. However, the
           proposal is still under consideration.  Because the final terms of
           the regulators' implementation of this requirement of FDICIA are not
           yet known, Zions Bancorporation cannot predict the effect the
           inclusion of interest rate risk factors in the risk-based capital
           rules of the federal banking agencies will have upon capital
           requirements applicable to it or its bank subsidiaries.

FDICIA amended Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the
federal banking regulators to take "prompt corrective action" in respect of
banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements and imposes certain
restrictions upon banks which meet minimum capital requirements but are not
"well-capitalized" for purposes of FDICIA.  FDICIA establishes five capital
tiers:  "well- capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized,"
"significantly undercapitalized," and "critically undercapitalized."

Implementing regulations adopted by the federal banking agencies in September
1992 and effective on December 19, 1992 define the capital categories for banks
which will determine the necessity for prompt corrective actions by the federal
banking agencies.  A bank may be placed in a capitalization category that is
lower than is indicated by its capital position if it receives an unsatisfactory
examination rating with respect to certain matters.

Under the regulations, a "well-capitalized" institution has a minimum total
capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 10 percent, a minimum
Tier I capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6 percent, a
minimum leverage ratio of at least 5 percent, and is not subject to any written
order, agreement, or directive; an "adequately capitalized" institution has a
total capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8 percent, a Tier
I capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4 percent, and a
leverage ratio of at least 4 percent (3 percent if given the highest regulatory
rating and not experiencing significant growth), but does not qualify as
"well-capitalized.  An "undercapitalized" institution fails to meet any one of
the three minimum capital requirements.  A "significantly undercapitalized"
institution has a total capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of less than
6 percent, a Tier I capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of less than 3
percent or a Tier I leverage ratio of less than 3 percent.  A "critically
undercapitalized" institution has a Tier I leverage ratio of 2 percent or less.
Under certain circumstances, a "well-capitalized," "adequately capitalized," or
"undercapitalized" institution may be required to comply with supervisory
actions as if the institution was in the next lowest capital category.

Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank to a variety of
restrictions and enforcement remedies.  Under FDICIA, all insured banks are
generally prohibited from making any capital distributions and from paying
management fees to persons having control of the bank where such payments would
cause the bank to be undercapitalized.  Holding companies of significantly
undercapitalized, critically undercapitalized and certain undercapitalized banks
may be required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board before
paying capital distributions to their shareholders.   Moreover, a bank that is
not well-capitalized is generally subject to various restrictions on "pass
through" insurance coverage for certain of its accounts and is generally
prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on any
deposits significantly higher than the prevailing rate in its normal market area
or nationally (depending upon where the deposits are solicited).  Such banks and
their holding companies are also required to obtain regulatory approval prior to
their retention of senior executive officers.  Banks which are classified
undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized
are required to submit capital restoration plans satisfactory to their federal
banking regulator and guaranteed within stated limits by companies having
control of such banks (i.e., to the extent of the lesser of five percent of the
institution's total assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount
necessary to bring the institution into compliance with all applicable capital
standards as of the time the institution fails to comply with its capital
restoration plan, until the institution is adequately capitalized on average
during each of four consecutive calendar quarters), and are subject to
regulatory monitoring and various restrictions on their operations and
activities, including those upon asset growth, acquisitions, branching and entry
into new lines of business and may be required to divest themselves of or
liquidate subsidiaries under certain circumstances.  Holding companies of such
institutions may be required to divest themselves of such institutions or divest
themselves of or liquidate nondepository affiliates under certain circumstances.
Critically undercapitalized institutions are also prohibited from making
payments of principal and interest on debt subordinated to the claims of general
creditors and are generally subject to the mandatory appointment of a
conservator or receiver.





                                       8
<PAGE>   11

Other Regulations

FDICIA requires the federal banking agencies to adopt regulations prescribing
standards for safety and soundness of insured banks and their holding companies,
including standards relating to internal controls, information systems, internal
audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure,
asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality, earnings and stock
valuation, as well as other operational and managerial standards deemed
appropriate by the agencies.  Upon a determination by a federal banking agency
that an insured bank has failed to satisfy any such standard, the bank will be
required to file an acceptable plan to correct the deficiency.  If the bank
fails to submit or implement an acceptable plan, the federal banking agency may,
and in some instances must, issue an order requiring the institution to correct
the deficiency, restrict its asset growth, increase its ratio of tangible equity
to assets, or impose other operating restrictions.  The Riegle Act modified this
provision of FDICIA to authorize the federal banking agencies to prescribe
safety and soundness standards by regulation or by guidelines for all insured
depository institutions, afford the federal banking agencies flexibility to
establish asset quality, earnings and stock valuation standards that they
determine to be appropriate and eliminate the requirement that such standards
apply to depository institution holding companies.  On February 2, 1995, the
Federal Reserve Board agreed to seek (and Zions Bancorporation believes the
other federal banking agencies will soon seek) public comment on proposed
guidelines applicable to state member banks setting forth asset quality,
earnings and stock valuation standards, final guidelines with respect to all
other standards required under FDICIA and a final rule establishing deadlines
and procedures for submission and review of safety and soundness compliance
plans and issuance of compliance orders.  In the view of the Federal Reserve
Board, the proposed and final standards, respectively, do not represent a change
in existing policies but, instead, formalize fundamental standards already
applied by the agencies.  In general, the standards establish objectives of
proper operations and management while leaving the specific methods for
achieving those objectives to each institution.  The final rule implements the
requirements of FDICIA regarding the submission and review of safety and
soundness plans by institutions failing to meet the prescribed standards and the
issuance of orders where institutions have failed to submit acceptable
compliance plans or implement and accepted plan in any material respect.  Zions
Bancorporation does not believe that implementation of the final guidelines and
rule will have a material adverse effect upon the operations or earnings of its
bank subsidiaries.  Until final guidelines prescribing asset quality, earnings
and stock valuation standards are adopted by the federal banking agencies, Zions
Bancorporation cannot predict the effect of their application to its operations
or earnings or the operations or earnings of its subsidiaries.

FDICIA also contains provisions which, among other things, restrict investments
and activities as principal by state nonmember banks to those eligible for
national banks, impose limitations on deposit account balance determinations for
the purpose of the calculation of interest, and require the federal banking
regulators to prescribe, implement, or modify standards, respectively, for
extensions of credit secured by liens on interests in real estate or made for
the purpose of financing construction of a building or other improvements to
real estate, loans to bank insiders, regulatory accounting and reports, internal
control reports, independent audits, exposure on interbank liabilities,
contractual arrangements under which institutions receive goods, products or
services, deposit account-related disclosures and advertising, as well as to
impose restrictions on Federal Reserve discount window advances for certain
institutions and to require that insured depository institutions generally be
examined on-site by federal or state personnel at least every 12 months.

In connection with an institutional failure or FDIC rescue of a financial
institution, the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of
1989 ("FIRREA") grants to the FDIC the right, in many situations, to charge its
actual or anticipated losses against commonly controlled depository institution
affiliates of the failed or rescued institution (although not against a bank
holding company itself).  FIRREA also explicitly allows bank holding companies
to acquire healthy as well as troubled savings associations (including savings
and loan associations and federal savings banks) under Section 4 of the Bank
Holding Company Act.  In connection with this authorization, the Federal Reserve
Board has been instructed not to impose so-called "tandem operating
restrictions" which might otherwise limit the joint marketing or joint
operations of affiliated banks and thrifts beyond those restrictions otherwise
embodied in law.  FIRREA also relieves bank holding companies that own savings
associations of certain duplicative or intrusive savings and loan holding
company regulations and, in some instances, allows savings associations that
have been acquired by bank holding companies to merge into affiliated banks or
become banks.

On October 28, 1992, the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 was
enacted which, inter alia, modified prior law regarding the establishment of
compensation standards by the federal banking agencies, deposit account
disclosures, loans to bank insiders and real estate appraisal requirements; made
certain technical corrections to FDICIA; imposed new sanctions upon banks
convicted of money laundering or cash transaction reporting offenses; and
restricted the methods banks may employ to calculate and refund prepaid interest
on mortgage refinancing and consumer loans.  In addition, on October 23, 1992,
the Depository Institutions Disaster Relief Act of 1992 was enacted, affording
the federal banking agencies limited discretion to provide relief from certain
regulatory requirements to depository institutions doing business or seeking to
do business in an emergency or major disaster area.  Zions Bancorporation does
not currently expect that the implication of these laws will have a material
adverse effect upon its operations and business or upon the operations and
business of its subsidiaries.





                                       9
<PAGE>   12

On August 10, 1993, the President signed into law the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1993 which contains provisions that, inter alia, affect
the amortization of intangible assets by banks, require securities dealers
(including banks) to adopt mark-to-market accounting to calculate income taxes,
transfer surplus funds from the Federal Reserve System to the Department of the
Treasury, authorize the United States government to originate student loans and
establish a preference for depositors in liquidations of FDIC-insured banks.
Zions Bancorporation does not currently expect that the implementation of these
laws will have a material adverse effect upon its earnings or capital position
or the earnings or capital position of its subsidiaries.

The Riegle Act, in addition to enacting measures intended to increase credit
available to businesses in distressed communities (by providing incentives to
lenders to provide credit in those communities), remove impediments to the
securitization of small business loans, improve the National Flood Insurance
Program and strengthen enforcement against money laundering, mandates
modifications to federal laws and regulations affecting banks and bank holding
companies in an attempt to reduce regulatory and administrative burdens on these
entities (including the modifications to requirements mandated by FDICIA noted
previously).  These changes include, inter alia, requirements that federal
banking agencies consider the burden and benefits which may affect insured
depository institutions and their customers when establishing the effective
dates of certain new regulations or imposing certain new administrative
compliance requirements, that certain new federal regulations affecting
depository institutions and amendments to existing regulations take effect on
the first day of a calendar quarter and that federal banking agencies streamline
regulatory requirements and eliminate duplicative filings and coordinate
examinations of financial institutions.  The Riegle Act also provides for
simplified bank holding company formation and bank and bank holding company
merger application procedures, modified insider lending rules and capital rules
applicable to assets transferred with recourse.  Because all provisions of the
Riegle Act have not been implemented, Zions Bancorporation cannot predict the
effect of these changes upon its operations or upon those of its subsidiaries.

The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) requires banks to help serve the credit
needs in their communities, including credit to low and moderate income
individuals and geographies.  Should the Company or its subsidiaries fail to
adequately serve the community, there are penalties which might be given.
Corporate applications to expand branches, relocate, add subsidiaries and
affiliates, and merge with or purchase other financial institutions could be
denied.  Community groups are encouraged through the regulation to protest
applications for any bank subject to this regulation if they feel that the bank
is not serving the credit needs of the community in which it serves.  The
Company and its subsidiaries have been deemed by regulators in the past to be
adequately serving its communities.  A proposed revision to CRA is now being
considered by the regulators.  Zions Bancorporation cannot predict the effect
that proposed changes, if adopted, would have on its operations and upon those
of its subsidiaries.

The nature of the banking and financial services industry, as well as banking
regulation, may be further affected by various legislative and regulatory
measures currently under consideration.  Such measures include, inter alia,
legislation designed to permit increased affiliations between commercial and
financial firms (including securities firms) and federally-insured banks, reduce
regulatory burdens on financial institutions, impose a moratorium on the
application of federal regulations and establish standards for federal
supervision of derivative activities of insured institutions.  It is impossible
to predict whether or in what form these proposals may be adopted in the future
and, if adopted, what the effect of their adoption will be on Zions
Bancorporation or its subsidiaries.

There are many other regulations requiring detailed compliance procedures which
increase costs and require additional time commitments of employees. Regulators
and the Congress continue to put in place rules and laws to protect consumers,
which have a cumulative additional impact on the cost of doing business.  At
this point, management cannot completely assess how much earnings might be
reduced from these consumer laws.

Deposit Insurance Assessments

The insured bank subsidiaries of Zions Bancorporation are required to pay
semi-annual deposit insurance assessments to the Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF").
FDICIA requires the FDIC to establish a schedule to increase the reserve ratio
of the BIF to 1.25% of insured deposits (or such higher ratio as the FDIC
determines to be justified for any year by circumstances raising a significant
risk of substantial future losses) over a 15-year period, and to increase the
assessment rate on banks, if necessary, to achieve that ratio.  FDICIA also
requires the FDIC to establish  a risk-based assessment system for deposit
insurance which will take into account the probability that the deposit
insurance fund will incur a loss with respect to an institution, the likely
amount of such loss and the revenue needs of the deposit insurance fund.





                                       10
<PAGE>   13

The FDIC revised, effective October 1, 1993, its deposit insurance regulation to
establish a permanent risk-based assessment system.  Each insured bank's
insurance assessment rate is determined by the risk assessment classification
into which it has been placed by the FDIC.  The FDIC places each insured bank in
one of nine risk assessment classifications based upon its level of capital and
supervisory evaluations by its regulators: "well-capitalized" banks, "adequately
capitalized" banks or "less-than-adequately capitalized" banks, with each
category of banks divided into subcategories of banks which are either
"healthy," of "supervisory concern" or of "substantial supervisory concern."  An
eight-basis point spread exists between the assessment rate established for the
highest and lowest risk classification, so that banks classified as strongest by
the FDIC are subject to a rate of .23% (the same rate as under the previous
flat-rate assessment system) while those classified as weakest by the FDIC are
subject to a rate of .31% (with intermediate rates of .26,%, .29%, and .30%).
The FDIC is authorized to increase assessment rates beyond those currently in
effect if, in the judgment of its Board of Directors, the condition of the BIF
so requires.  The FDIC also possesses authority to impose special assessments
from time to time.  Implementation of the permanent risk-based deposit insurance
assessment system has not had a material adverse impact on the financial
condition or results of operations of Zions Bancorporation or upon those of its
bank subsidiaries.

Premiums paid to the FDIC have been an increasing burden on bank earnings.  In
recognition of this trend, the FDIC may, when the BIF reaches a target ratio of
1.25% of insured deposits, reduce insurance premiums.  The Board of Directors of
the FDIC is currently considering a  proposal under which the assessment rate
payable by the healthiest banks would be reduced from .23% to .04% as such time
as the target ratio is achieved; other assessment rates, depending on an
institution's supervisory risk group, would be .07%, .14%, .21%, .28% and .31%.
The proposal would also establish a procedure for adjusting assessment rates
semiannually within a range of up to five basis points without seeking public
comment.  The FDIC is also considering whether the deposit assessment base,
against which the applicable assessment rate is multiplied in determining the
deposit insurance assessment to be paid by each insured institution, should be
redefined in light of the adoption of the risk-based assessment system and
certain statutory and other developments effecting  insured depository
institutions.  Currently, the assessment base is defined to include the total
domestic deposits of each insured institution as adjusted for certain elements.
Depending upon the nature of the changes, if any, made by the FDIC to the
definition of the assessment base, the aggregate liabilities of each insured
institution subject to assessment could increase or could be reduced, or an
assessment base consisting of other than bank liabilities could be adopted,
thereby potentially affecting the earning of each institution.  Until the nature
of the changes to be adopted by the FDIC to the assessment base definition are
known, Zions Bancorporation cannot predict their effect upon its overall
financial condition or results of operations or upon those of its bank
subsidiaries.

Interstate Banking

Existing laws and various regulatory developments have allowed financial
institutions to conduct significant activities on an interstate basis for a
number of years.  During recent years, a number of financial institutions have
expanded their out-of-state activities and various states have enacted
legislation intended to allow certain interstate banking combinations which
otherwise would be prohibited by federal law.

Under the laws of Utah, Nevada, an Arizona, respectively, any out-of-state bank
or bank holding company may acquire a Utah, Nevada, or Arizona bank or bank
holding company upon the approval of the bank supervisor of the state.  There is
no requirement that the laws of the state in which the out-of-state bank or bank
holding company's operations are principally conducted afford reciprocal
privileges to Utah-, Nevada - or Arizona-based acquirers.

The Riegle-Neal Act dramatically affects interstate banking activities.  As
discussed previously, the Riegle-Neal Act allows the Federal Reserve Board to
approve the acquisition by a bank holding company of control or substantial
assets of a bank located outside the bank holding company's home state as of
September 29, 1995.  Beginning on June 1, 1997, and earlier if permitted by
applicable state law, an insured bank may apply to the appropriate federal
agency for permission to merge with an out-of-state bank and convert its offices
into branches of the resulting bank.  States retain the option to prohibit
out-of-state mergers if they enact a statute specifically barring such mergers
before June 1, 1997 and such law applies equally to all out-of-state banks.

Interstate mergers authorized by the Riegle-Neal Act are subject to conditions
and requirements, including, inter alia, adequate capitalization and management
of the acquiring bank or bank holding company, existence of the acquired bank
for up to five years before purchase where required under state law, and
limitations on control by the acquiring bank holding company of not more than
10% of the total amount of deposits in insured depository institutions in the
United States or not more than 30% of the deposits in insured depository
institutions within that state.  States may impose lower deposit concentration
limits, so long as those limits apply to all bank holding companies equally.
Additional requirements placed on mergers include conformity with state law
branching requirements and compliance with "host state" merger filing
requirements to the extent that those requirements do not discriminate against
out-of-state banks or out-of-state bank holding companies.





                                       11
<PAGE>   14

The Riegle-Neal Act also permits banks to establish and operate a "de novo
branch" in any state that expressly permits all out-of-state banks to establish
de novo branches in such state, if the law applies equally to all banks.  (A "de
novo branch" is a branch office of a national bank or state bank that is
originally established as a branch and does not become a branch as a result of
an acquisition, conversion, merger, or consolidation.)  Utilization of this
authority is conditioned upon satisfaction of most of the conditions applicable
to interstate mergers under the Riegle-Neal Act, including, inter alia, adequate
capitalization and management of the branching institution, satisfaction with
certain filing and notice requirements imposed under state law and receipt of
federal regulatory approvals.

Because important components of the Riegle-Neal Act have not yet become
effective, Zions Bancorporation cannot predict the effects of the Act's
implementation upon its operations or earnings or upon those of its
subsidiaries.

The commercial banking subsidiaries are supervised and regularly examined by
various federal and state regulatory agencies.  Deposits, reserves, investments,
loans, consumer law compliance, issuance of securities, payment of dividends,
mergers and consolidations, electronic funds transfers, management practices,
and other aspects of operations are subject to regulation.  In addition,
numerous federal, state, and local regulations set forth specific restrictions
and procedural requirements with respect to the extension of credit, credit
practices, the disclosure of credit terms, and discrimination in credit
transactions.  The various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their
examination process, periodically review the banking subsidiaries' allowances
for loan losses.  Such agencies may require the banking subsidiaries to
recognize additions to such allowances based on their judgments using
information available to them at the time of their examinations.

As a consequence of the extensive regulation of the commercial banking business,
the Company cannot yet assess the impact of these legislative and regulatory
mandates on the commercial banking industry which may increase the cost of doing
business that are not required of the industry's nonbank competitors.

Federal and state legislation affecting the banking industry have played, and
will continue to play, a significant role in shaping the nature of the financial
service industry.  Various legislation, including proposals to overhaul the
banking regulatory system and to limit the investments that a depository
institution may make with insured funds, is from time to time introduced.  The
Company cannot determine the ultimate effect that FDICIA and the implementing
regulations to be adopted thereunder, or any other potential legislation, if
enacted, would have upon its financial condition or operations.

In addition, there are cases pending before federal and state courts that seek
to expand or restrict interpretations of existing laws and their accompanying
regulations affecting bank holding companies and their subsidiaries.  It is not
possible to predict the extent to which Zions Bancorporation and its
subsidiaries may be affected by any of these initiatives.

Government Monetary Policies and Economic Controls

The earnings and business of the Company are affected by general economic
conditions.  In addition, fiscal or other policies that are adopted by various
regulatory authorities of the United States and by agencies can have important
consequences on the financial performance of the Company.  The Company is
particularly affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board which
regulate the national supply of bank credit.  The instruments of monetary policy
available to the Federal Reserve Board include open-market operations in United
States government securities; changing the discount rates of member bank
borrowings; imposing or changing reserve requirements against member bank
deposits; and imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain
borrowings by banks and their affiliates.  These methods are used in varying
combinations to influence the overall growth of bank loans, investments and
deposits, and the interest rates charged on loans or paid for deposits.

However, in view of changing conditions in the economy and the effect of the 
credit policies of monetary authorities, it is difficult to predict future 
changes in loan demand, deposit levels and interest rates, or their effect on 
the business and earnings of Zions Bancorporation and its subsidiaries.  
Federal Reserve Board monetary policies have had a significant effect on the 
operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue
to do so in the future.





                                       12
<PAGE>   15

Competition

Zions Bancorporation and its subsidiaries operate in a highly competitive
environment.  The banking subsidiaries compete with other banks, thrift
institutions, credit unions and money market, and other mutual funds for
deposits and other sources of funds.  In addition, Zions Bancorporation and its
bank and nonbank subsidiaries face increased competition with respect to the
diverse financial services and products they offer.  Competitors include not
only other banks, thrift institutions, and mutual funds, but also leasing
companies, finance companies, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, and
a variety of other financial services and advisory companies.  Many of these
competitors are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as are bank
holding companies and banks such as Zions Bancorporation and its banking
subsidiaries.

The Company expects that competitive conditions will continue to intensify as a
result of technological advances.  Technological advances have, for example,
made it possible for nondepository institutions to offer customers automatic
transfer systems and other automated-payment systems services that have been
traditional banking products.

Employees

The Company employs approximately 2,754 full- and part-time people with
approximately 2,573 being employed by the banking subsidiaries.  The Company had
2,695 full-time equivalent employees at December 31, 1994, compared to 2,761 at
December 31, 1993.  Banking subsidiaries had 2,506 full-time equivalent
employees at the end of 1994, compared to 2,573 a year earlier.  The Company
believes that it enjoys good employee relations.  In addition to competitive
salaries and wages, Zions Bancorporation and its subsidiaries contribute to
group medical plans, group insurance plans, pension, stock ownership and profit
sharing plans.

Supplementary Information

The following supplementary information, which is required under Guide 3
(Statistical Disclosure by Bank Holding Companies), is found in this report on
the pages indicated below, and should be read in conjunction with the related
financial statements and notes thereto.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Statistical Information                                                           Page
<S>    <C>                                                                       <C>
I.     Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity,
       Average Balance Sheets, Yields and Rates                                  18-20
       Analysis of Interest Changes Due to Volume and Rates                         21

II.    Investment Securities Portfolio                                              28
       Maturities and Average Yields of Investment Securities                       29

III.   Loan Portfolio                                                               30
       Loan Maturities and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates                 31
       Loan Risk Elements                                                        32-34

IV.    Summary of Loan Loss Experience                                              35

V.     Deposits                                                                     37

VI.    Return on Equity and Assets                                                  38

VII.   Short-term Borrowings                                                        38

VIII.  Foreign Operations                                                           40
</TABLE>

ITEM 2.      PROPERTIES

In Utah, fifty (50) of Zions First National Bank's eighty-six (86) offices are
located in buildings owned by the Company and the other thirty-six (36) are on
leased premises.  In Nevada, four (4) of Nevada State Bank's twenty-one (21)
offices are located in buildings owned and the other seventeen (17) are on
leased premises, and in Arizona, National Bank of Arizona owns three (3) offices
and leases seven (7) offices.  The annual rentals under long-term leases for
such banking premises are determined under various formulas and include as
various factors, operating costs, maintenance and taxes.





                                       13
<PAGE>   16

Zions Bancorporation is lessee under a 25-year lease, of  which 23 years have
expired, of a 14-story building in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.  The Company's
subsidiaries have  leased the ground floor and two other floors.  The J.C.
Penney Company, Inc., has subleased nine floors for offices.  The remaining two
floors are sublet to various tenants.

The Company's subsidiaries conducting lease financing, insurance, mortgage
servicing, and discount brokerage activities operate from leased premises.

For information regarding rental payments, see note 9 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, which appears in Part II, Item 8, on page 57 of this
report.

ITEM 3.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

During 1988, a lawsuit was brought in the United States District Court, Utah
District, against Zions First National Bank in connection with its performance
of duties as an indenture trustee for certain investors in real estate and other
syndication projects.  In September 1992, a motion was granted allowing an
amended complaint containing allegations that plaintiffs intend to proceed as a
class action to recover approximately $23 million, prejudgment interest,
attorneys' fees, and additional amounts under certain statutory provisions and
common law.  No motion to certify the classes has been filed, and the Bank
intends to vigorously oppose such motion and to defend the entire action.
Although no assurances can be given as to the outcome, the Company continues to
believe that it has meritorious defenses to such lawsuit, and that there is
insurance coverage for a substantial portion of the amount claimed.

The Company is also the defendant in various other legal proceedings arising in
the normal course of business.  The Company does not believe that the outcome of
any of such proceedings, including the lawsuit discussed in the preceding
paragraph, will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
position.

ITEM 4.      SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of 1994.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The names, ages, positions, and backgrounds of the Company's executive officers
as of February 27, 1995, are set forth as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Positions and Offices Held With Zions                        Officer
          Name         Age                      Bancorporation and Principal Subsidiaries                       since
          ----         ---                      -----------------------------------------                      -------
<S>                    <C>    <C>                                                                               <C>
Roy W. Simmons         79     Chairman of the Company, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Zions          1961
                              First National Bank

Harris H. Simmons      40     President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company; President, Chief              1981
                              Executive Officer, and Member of the Board of Directors of Zions First
                              National Bank

Gary L. Anderson       52     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company;      1988
                              Executive Vice President and Secretary of the Board of Directors of Zions
                              First National Bank.  Prior to May 1988, a Partner in the firm of KPMG Peat
                              Marwick, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gerald J. Dent         53     Senior Vice President of the Company, and Executive Vice President of Zions       1987
                              First National Bank

Clark B. Hinckley      47     Senior Vice President of the Company.  Prior to March 1994, President of a        1994
                              Company subsidiary, Zions First National Bank of Arizona.

John J. Gisi           49     Senior Vice President of the Company, and Chairman and Chief Executive            1994
                              Officer of National Bank of Arizona since 1987

Richard A. Carlson     61     Senior Vice President of the Company, and President and Chief Executive           1994
                              Officer of Nevada State Bank since 1985 (Retired 2/28/95)

James W. Rail          60     Senior Vice President of the Company, and President of Zions Data Service         1976
                              Company (Retired 2/28/95)
</TABLE>


                                       14
<PAGE>   17


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Positions and Offices Held With Zions                         Officer
          Name         Age                      Bancorporation and Principal Subsidiaries                       since
          ----         ---                      -----------------------------------------                       -----
<S>                    <C>    <C>                                                                               <C>
Danne L. Buchanan      37     Senior Vice President  of the Company (Effective March 3, 1995); Senior Vice      1995
                              President and General Manager of Zions Data Service Company

Walter E. Kelly        62     Controller of the Company                                                         1980

Ronald L. Johnson      39     Vice President of the Company.  Prior to December 1989, Vice President of         1989
                              Zions First National Bank

A. Scott Anderson      48     Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank.  Prior to December         1990
                              1990, Vice President of Bank of America

John B. D'Arcy         52     Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank.  Prior to March 1989,      1989
                              Vice President of The First National Bank of Chicago

Peter K. Ellison       52     Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank                             1968

W. David Hemingway     47     Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank                             1976

Nolan X. Bellon        46     Controller of Zions First National Bank                                           1987
</TABLE>


PART II

ITEM 5.      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS

Principal market where common stock is traded:

Nasdaq         National Market          Symbol "ZION"

High and low bid quotations on quarterly basis for past three years:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 1994                 1993                  1992
                         ------------------   -------------------    ------------------
                          HIGH       LOW        HIGH        LOW        HIGH       LOW
                         -------   --------   --------    -------    -------    -------
       <S>               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
       1st Quarter       $ 39.75    $ 36.50    $ 49.00    $ 41.50    $ 24.50    $ 19.75
       2nd Quarter       $ 42.00    $ 37.00    $ 48.75    $ 38.50    $ 28.38    $ 23.75
       3rd Quarter       $ 40.63    $ 38.50    $ 44.25    $ 38.50    $ 30.00    $ 26.88
       4th Quarter       $ 39.25    $ 33.50    $ 45.50    $ 36.00    $ 39.00    $ 28.88

</TABLE>


Number of common shareholders of record as of latest practicable date:

3,926 common shareholders as of February 27, 1995

Frequency and amount of dividends paid during three years:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              1ST        2ND         3RD         4TH
                              QTR        QTR         QTR         QTR
                             -----      -----       -----       -----
                <S>          <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>
                1994         $ .28      $ .28       $ .30       $ .30
                1993         $ .21      $ .21       $ .28       $ .28
                1992         $ .18      $ .18       $ .18       $ .21
</TABLE>

Description of any restrictions on the issuer's present or future ability to
pay dividends:

Funds for the payment of dividends by Zions Bancorporation have been obtained
primarily from dividends paid by the commercial banking and other subsidiaries.
In addition to certain statutory limitations on the payment of dividends,
approval of federal and/or state banking regulators may be required in some
instances for any dividend to Zions Bancorporation by its banking subsidiaries.
The payment of future dividends therefore is dependent upon earnings and the
financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries as well as other
factors.





                                       15
<PAGE>   18

ITEM 6.      SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

The following selected consolidated financial data is derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company.  It should be read in
conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements and the related
notes and with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations and other detailed information included elsewhere herein.

(Dollars in thousands, except per share and ratio data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 1994          1993          1992          1991           1990
                                                              ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Interest income                                               $  353,989    $  293,616    $  278,225    $  301,443     $  302,013
Interest expense                                                 155,383       118,959       120,943       161,572        173,892
                                                              ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------
Net interest income                                              198,606       174,657       157,282       139,871        128,121
Provision for loan losses                                          2,181         2,993        10,929        25,561         20,083
                                                              ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------
Net interest income after provision for loan losses              196,425       171,664       146,353       114,310        108,038
Noninterest income                                                73,202        79,880        62,849        52,456         47,919
Noninterest expense                                              174,900       167,750       139,069       122,999        116,289
                                                              ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------
Income before income taxes and cumulative
  effect of changes in accounting principles                      97,727        83,794        70,133        43,767         39,668
Income taxes                                                      30,900        27,248        22,924        13,318         11,903
                                                              ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------
Income before cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles                                           63,827        56,546        47,209        30,449         27,765
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                  -         1,659             -             -              -
                                                              ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------
Net income                                                    $   63,827    $   58,205    $   47,209    $   30,449     $   27,765
                                                              ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========     ==========
COMMON SHARE DATA
Income before cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles                                       $     4.37    $     3.96    $     3.42    $     2.23     $     2.07
Net income                                                          4.37          4.08          3.42          2.23           2.07
Dividends                                                           1.16           .98           .75           .72            .72
Book value - year end                                              25.12         22.01         18.95         16.23          14.63

YEAR END BALANCES
Total assets                                                  $4,934,095    $4,801,054    $4,107,924    $3,883,938   $  3,720,227
Money market investments                                         403,446       597,680       616,180       714,238        831,086
Securities                                                     1,663,433     1,258,939       981,695       852,861        630,800
Net loans and leases                                           2,391,278     2,486,346     2,107,433     1,979,726      1,868,199
Allowance for loan losses                                         67,018        68,461        59,807        58,238         60,948
Total  deposits                                                3,705,976     3,432,289     3,075,110     2,877,860      2,684,826
Shareholders' equity                                             365,770       312,592       260,070       220,753        196,706

RATIOS
Return on average assets                                            1.17%         1.25%         1.24%          .86%           .87%
Return on average common equity                                    18.82%        20.33%        19.64%        14.59%         14.87%
Average equity to average assets                                    6.22%         6.17%         6.31%         5.90%          5.82%
Tier I risk-based capital - year end                               11.81%        10.85%        10.23%         8.40%          8.11%
Total risk-based capital - year end                                14.96%        14.12%        15.13%        12.09%         12.49%
Tier I leverage - year end                                          6.24%         5.44%         6.21%         5.86%          5.72%
Net interest margin                                                 4.07%         4.23%         4.59%         4.39%          4.54%
Nonperforming assets to total assets - year end                      .38%          .64%          .77%         1.20%          1.70%
Nonperforming assets to net loans and leases,
  other real estate owned and other nonperforming
  assets at year end                                                 .79%         1.23%         1.49%         2.35%          3.36%
Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans and leases             .19%        (.23)%           44%         1.51%          1.10%
Allowance for loan losses to net loans and
  leases outstanding at year end                                    2.80%         2.75%         2.84%         2.94%          3.26%
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans at
  year end                                                        471.89%       250.13%       234.00%       158.59%        132.54%
</TABLE>


                                       16
<PAGE>   19

ITEM 7.       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
              RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following analysis of the Company's financial condition and results of
operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the
Company and detailed information presented elsewhere herein.

OPERATING RESULTS

Zions Bancorporation's consolidated net income rose to $63.8 million in 1994 as
compared to net income of $58.2 million in 1993 and $47.2 million in 1992. Net
income per common share in 1994 was $4.37 as compared to $4.08 in 1993 and $3.42
in 1992. Financial results have been restated for prior periods to reflect the
pooling-of-interests acquisition of National Bancorp of Arizona during the first
quarter of 1994. Earnings results for 1993 were positively affected in the net
amount of $1,659,000 or $.12 per share due to the cumulative effect of changes
in accounting principles implemented during the first quarter of the year. The
Company's earnings for the year ended December 31, 1993 were also negatively
affected by a one-time expense of $6,022,000 included in noninterest expenses
related to early extinguishment of certain long-term debt.

The earnings results for 1994 represent a historic high for income before income
taxes and net income. Some of the factors affecting the increase in earnings
(excluding the aforementioned net benefit resulting from the cumulative effect
of changes in accounting principles and the expense relating to the early
extinguishment of debt) were a $23.9 million (13.7%) increase in net interest
income, a $.8 million (27.1%) decrease in the provision for loan losses, a $1.2
million (5.2%) increase in service charges on deposit accounts and a $.6 million
(2.9%) increase in service charges, commissions and fees. These increased
contributions to income were partially offset by a $1.5 million (63.4%) decrease
in trading account income, a $6.9 million (32.0%) decrease in loan sales and
servicing income, a $7.8 million (9.1%) increase in salaries and benefits, a
$3.2 million (34.8%) increase in furniture and equipment expense, a $2.2 million
(3.2%) increase in all remaining noninterest expenses, and a $1.3 million (4.6%)
increase in income taxes.

EARNINGS PERFORMANCE

Net Interest Income, Margin, and Interest Rate Spreads

Net interest income is the difference between the total interest income
generated by earning assets and the total interest cost of the funds used to
finance assets. Net interest income is the largest component of the Company's
revenue. The Company's taxable-equivalent net interest income increased by 13.8%
to $203.3 million in 1994 as compared to $178.6 million in 1993. The increased
level of taxable-equivalent net interest income was influenced primarily by the
increase in average earning assets. The Company attempts to minimize interest
rate movement sensitivity through the management of interest rate maturities,
and to a lesser extent, the use of off-balance sheet arrangements such as
interest rate caps, floors, and interest rate exchange contract agreements.
During 1994, the Company had income, net of expense, of $967,000 from the use of
such off-balance sheet arrangements compared to $291,000 in 1993 and $9,000 in
1992. The Company intends to continue to use such off-balance sheet arrangements
to the extent necessary to minimize its exposure to changes in prevailing
interest rates.

Net interest margin is a measure of the Company's ability to generate net
interest income and is computed by expressing net interest income (stated on a
fully taxable-equivalent basis) as a percentage of earning assets. The Company's
net interest margin was 4.07% for 1994 as compared to 4.23% in 1993. The
decrease in the margin was due primarily to securitized sales of loans and the
expansion of investments in security resell agreements. Securitized sales of
loans convert net interest income from loans to noninterest income. The security
resell agreements are primarily in U.S. government and U.S. government agency
securities which offer low yields but represent low risk to the Company and
requires lower consolidated "risk-based" capital. The Company decreased its
activity in security resell arrangements during the fourth quarter of 1994.

The spread on average interest-bearing funds is the difference between the yield
on earning assets and the cost of interest-bearing funds. The Company's spread
on average interest-bearing funds was 3.49% for 1994 as compared to 3.71% in
1993. The spread on average interest-bearing funds has also been reduced by
securitized sales of loans and investment in security resell arrangements.

Consolidated average balances, the amount of interest earned or paid, the
applicable interest rate for the various categories of earning assets and
interest-bearing funds which represent the components of net interest income for
the year 1994 and the previous four years; and interest differentials on a
taxable-equivalent basis and the effect on net interest income of changes due to
volume and rates for the years 1994 and 1993, are shown in tables on pages which
follow. Income computed on a taxable-equivalent basis is income adjusted to make
income and earning yields on assets exempt from income taxes comparable to other
taxable income. The incremental tax rate used for calculating the
taxable-equivalent adjustment was 30% in 1994 and 32% in 1993 and each of the
years prior.


                                       17
<PAGE>   20


Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity,
Average Balance Sheets, Yields and Rates

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1994                                 1993
                                                           -----------------------------------    ---------------------------------
                                                                           Amount                               Amount
                                                             Average         of        Average      Average       of        Average
(Amounts in thousands)                                       balance     interest(1)   rate(1)      balance   interest(1)   rate(1)
                                                           ----------    -----------   -------    ----------  -----------   -------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>           <C>       <C>          <C>           <C>
Assets:
Money market investments:

  Interest-bearing deposits                                $   24,389     $    814      3.34%     $  103,982   $  3,682      3.55%
  Federal funds sold and security resell agreements           845,320       34,231      4.05%        656,204     22,918      3.49%
  Other money market investments                                    -            -         -%         28,508        827      2.90%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
          Total money market investments                      869,709       35,045      4.03%        788,694     27,427      3.48%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
Securities:
  Held to maturity:
    Taxable                                                   726,925       41,269      5.68%        958,776     56,347      5.88%
    Nontaxable                                                193,810       15,689      8.10%        147,549     12,434      8.43%
  Available for sale                                          334,044       19,916      5.96%              -          -         -%
  Trading account                                             290,925       16,516      5.68%        102,840      7,555      7.35%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
         Total securities                                   1,545,704       93,390      6.04%      1,209,165     76,336      6.31%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
Loans:
  Loans held for sale                                         187,506       12,303      6.56%        185,899     11,273      6.06%
  Net loans and leases(2)                                   2,387,489      217,958      9.13%      2,036,283    182,559      8.97%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
         Total loans                                        2,574,995      230,261      8.94%      2,222,182    193,832      8.72%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
Total interest-earning assets                              $4,990,408     $358,696      7.19%     $4,220,041   $297,595      7.05%
Cash and due from banks                                       333,290     --------                   315,577   --------    
Allowance for loan losses                                     (68,248)                               (64,911)
Other assets                                                  201,163                                173,211
                                                           ----------                             ----------
Total assets                                               $5,456,613                             $4,643,918
                                                           ==========                             ==========
Liabilities:
Interest-bearing deposits:

  Savings deposits                                         $  740,339     $ 22,262      3.01%     $  648,178   $ 19,222      2.97%
  Money market deposits                                     1,284,697       39,938      3.11%      1,117,016     31,109      2.79%
  Time deposits under $100,000                                516,877       20,469      3.96%        548,816     23,501      4.28%
  Time deposits $100,000 or more                               94,680        3,845      4.06%         79,442      3,010      3.79%
  Foreign deposits                                            108,383        4,444      4.10%         55,823      1,484      2.66%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
         Total interest-bearing deposits                    2,744,976       90,958      3.31%      2,449,275     78,326      3.20%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
Borrowed funds:
  Securities sold, not yet purchased                          184,405       10,976      5.95%         69,442      3,039      4.38%
  Federal funds purchased and security repurchase
    agreements                                              1,057,827       41,089      3.88%        767,309     22,376      2.92%
  FHLB advances and other borrowings:
     Less than one year                                        32,557        1,770      5.44%         83,123      3,196      3.84%
     Over one year                                            118,607        5,831      4.92%        111,974      4,599      4.11%
  Long-term debt                                               59,493        4,759      8.00%         75,623      7,423      9.82%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
         Total borrowed funds                               1,452,889       64,425      4.43%      1,107,471     40,633      3.67%
                                                           ----------     --------                ----------   --------
Total interest-bearing liabilities                         $4,197,865     $155,383      3.70%     $3,556,746   $118,959      3.34%
Noninterest-bearing deposits                                  838,118     --------                   729,651   --------
Other liabilities                                              81,449                                 71,190
                                                           ----------                             ----------
Total liabilities                                           5,117,432                              4,357,587
Total shareholders' equity                                    339,181                                286,331
                                                           ----------                             ----------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                 $5,456,613                             $4,643,918
                                                           ==========                             ==========
Spread on average interest-bearing funds                                                3.49%                                3.71%
                                                                                        ====                                 ====
Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning
  assets

                                                                          $203,313      4.07%                  $178,636      4.23%
                                                                          ========      ====                   ========      ====
   --------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
(1)    Taxable-equivalent rates used where applicable.
(2)    Net of unearned income and fees, net of related costs.  Loans include
       nonaccrual and restructured loans.


                                       18
<PAGE>   21


Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity,
Average Balance Sheets, Yields And Rates

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1992                                  1991
                                                          ----------------------------------    ----------------------------------
                                                                         Amount                                Amount
                                                            Average        of        Average      Average        of        Average
(Amounts in thousands)                                      balance    interest(1)   rate(1)      balance    interest(1)   rate(1)
                                                          ----------   -----------   -------    ----------   -----------   -------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>       <C>            <C>         <C>
Assets:
Money market investments:
  Interest-bearing deposits                               $  184,142    $ 10,529       5.72%    $  234,936    $ 15,210      6.47%
  Federal funds sold and security resell agreements          245,866       9,730       3.96%       355,666      23,290      6.55%
  Other money market investments                              39,054       1,410       3.61%        79,982       4,910      6.14%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
         Total money market investments                      469,062      21,669       4.62%       670,584      43,410      6.47%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
Securities:
  Held to maturity:

    Taxable                                                  766,002      48,854       6.38%       604,557      49,171      8.13%
    Nontaxable                                               125,062      11,163       8.93%        74,709       8,571     11.47%
  Available for sale                                               -           -          -%             -           -         -%
  Trading account                                             36,912       5,537      15.00%        22,761       3,122     13.72%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
         Total securities                                    927,976      65,554       7.06%       702,027      60,864      8.67%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
Loans:
  Loans held for sale                                        186,953      13,804       7.38%       106,028       8,970      8.46%
  Net loans and leases(2)                                  1,917,726     180,770       9.43%     1,769,900     190,942     10.79%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
         Total loans                                       2,104,679     194,574       9.24%     1,875,928     199,912     10.66%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
Total interest-earning assets                             $3,501,717    $281,797       8.05%    $3,248,539    $304,186      9.36%
Cash and due from banks                                      236,116    --------                   214,238    --------
Allowance for loan losses                                    (60,116)                              (61,650)
Other assets                                                 130,115                               135,682
                                                          ----------                            ----------
Total assets                                              $3,807,832                            $3,536,809
                                                          ==========                            ==========
Liabilities:

Interest-bearing deposits:

  Savings deposits                                        $  494,113    $ 17,396       3.52%    $  535,634    $ 26,154      4.88%
  Money market deposits                                    1,029,499      34,705       3.37%       717,124      36,642      5.11%
  Time deposits under $100,000                               651,226      33,555       5.15%       771,491      51,692      6.70%
  Time deposits $100,000 or more                              95,067       4,419       4.65%       132,363       8,317      6.28%
  Foreign deposits                                            86,479       3,635       4.20%        62,729       3,245      5.17%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
         Total interest-bearing deposits                   2,356,384      93,710       3.98%     2,219,341     126,050      5.68%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
Borrowed funds:
  Securities sold, not yet purchased                               -           -          -%             -           -         -%
  Federal funds purchased and security repurchase
    agreements                                               394,620      12,681       3.21%       331,367      17,031      5.14%
  FHLB advances and other borrowings:
      less than one year                                      78,406       3,218       4.10%       119,222       8,213      6.89%
      over one year                                           50,450       1,826       3.62%        35,342       1,943      5.50%
  Long-term debt                                              82,219       9,508      11.56%        86,967       8,335      9.58%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
         Total borrowed funds                                605,695      27,233       4.50%       572,898      35,522      6.20%
                                                          ----------    --------                ----------    --------
Total interest-bearing liabilities                        $2,962,079    $120,943       4.08%    $2,792,239    $161,572      5.79%
                                                                        --------                              --------
Noninterest-bearing deposits                                 556,476                               481,790
Other liabilities                                             48,866                                54,051
                                                          ----------                            ----------
Total liabilities                                          3,567,421                             3,328,080
Total shareholders' equity                                   240,411                               208,729
                                                          ----------                            ----------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                $3,807,832                            $3,536,809
                                                          ==========                            ==========
Spread on average interest-bearing funds                                               3.97%                                3.57%
                                                                                       ====                                 ====
Net interest income and net yield on
  interest-earning assets                                               $160,854       4.59%                  $142,614      4.39%
   --------------------------------------------                         ========       ====                   ========      ====
</TABLE>

(1)    Taxable-equivalent rates used where applicable.
(2)    Net of unearned income and fees, net of related costs.  Loans include
       nonaccrual and restructured loans.


                                       19
<PAGE>   22

Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Shareholders' Equity,
Average Balance Sheets, Yields And Rates

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   1990
                                                                   -------------------------------------
                                                                                  Amount
                                                                   Average          of           Average
(Amounts in thousands)                                             balance      interest(1)      rate(1)
                                                                 ----------     -----------      -------
<S>                                                              <C>             <C>             <C>
Assets:
Money market investments:
  Interest-bearing deposits                                      $  104,211      $  8,912         8.55%
  Federal funds sold and security resell agreements                 443,981        37,394         8.42%
  Other money market investments                                      2,000           170         8.50%
                                                                 ----------      --------
         Total money market investments                             550,192        46,476         8.45%
                                                                 ----------      --------
Securities:
  Held to maturity:
    Taxable                                                         444,848        39,267         8.83%
    Nontaxable                                                       70,287         9,237        13.14%
  Available for sale                                                      -             -            -%
  Trading account                                                    14,602         2,882        19.74%
                                                                 ----------      --------
         Total securities                                           529,737        51,386         9.70%
                                                                 ----------      --------
Loans:
  Loans held for sale                                               114,394        10,785         9.43%
  Net loans and leases(2)                                         1,691,794       196,322        11.60%
                                                                 ----------      --------
         Total loans                                              1,806,188       207,107        11.47%
                                                                 ----------      --------
Total interest-earning assets                                    $2,886,117      $304,969        10.57%
Cash and due from banks                                             221,739      --------
Allowance for loan losses                                           (60,943)
Other assets                                                        162,050
                                                                 ----------
Total assets                                                     $3,208,963
                                                                 ==========
Liabilities:

Interest-bearing deposits:
  Savings deposits                                               $  447,412      $ 22,820         5.10%
  Money market deposits                                             671,740        43,385         6.46%
  Time deposits under $100,000                                      762,749        59,861         7.85%
  Time deposits $100,000 or more                                    132,605         9,780         7.38%
  Foreign deposits                                                   54,433         3,619         6.65%
                                                                 ----------      --------
         Total interest-bearing deposits                          2,068,939       139,465         6.74%
                                                                 ----------      --------
Borrowed funds:
  Securities sold, not yet purchased                                      -             -            -%
  Federal funds purchased and security repurchase
    agreements                                                      297,442        22,132         7.44%
  FHLB advances and other borrowings:
      less than one year                                             36,935         2,978         8.06%
      over one year                                                       -             -            -%
  Long-term debt                                                     94,923         9,317         9.82%
                                                                 ----------      --------
         Total borrowed funds                                       429,300        34,427         8.02%
                                                                 ----------      --------
Total interest-bearing liabilities                               $2,498,239      $173,892         6.96%
Noninterest-bearing deposits                                        462,672      --------
Other liabilities                                                    61,337
                                                                 ----------
Total liabilities                                                 3,022,248
Total shareholders' equity                                          186,715
                                                                 ----------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                       $3,208,963
                                                                 ==========
Spread on average interest-bearing funds                                                          3.61%
                                                                                                  ====
Net interest income and net yield on                                             $131,077         4.54%
  interest-earning assets                                                        ========         ====
   --------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)    Taxable-equivalent rates used where applicable.
(2)    Net of unearned income and fees, net of related costs.  Loans include
       nonaccrual and restructured loans.

                                       20
<PAGE>   23


Analysis of Interest Changes Due to Volume and Rates

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1994 over 1993                   1993 over 1992
                                                             -------------------------------   --------------------------------
                                                                Changes due to                    Changes due to
                                                             --------------------    Total     --------------------      Total
(Amounts in thousands)                                        Volume     Rate(1)    Changes      Volume     Rate(1)     Changes
                                                             --------   --------   --------    ---------   ---------   --------
<S>                                                          <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Interest-earning assets:
Money market investments:

   Interest-bearing deposits                                 $(2,659)   $  (209)   $(2,868)    $ (2,855)   $ (3,992)   $ (6,847)
   Federal funds sold and security
      resell agreements                                        7,272      4,041     11,313       14,337      (1,149)     13,188
   Other money market investments                               (827)         -       (827)        (306)       (277)       (583)
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
           Total money market investments                      3,786      3,832      7,618       11,176      (5,418)      5,758
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Securities:
   Held to maturity:

      Taxable                                                   (759)     7,976      7,217       11,306      (3,813)      7,493
      Nontaxable                                               3,738       (483)     3,255        1,891        (620)      1,271
   Available for sale                                          7,122     (9,501)    (2,379)           -           -           -
   Trading account                                            10,675     (1,714)     8,961        4,842      (2,824)      2,018
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
           Total securities                                   20,776     (3,722)    17,054       18,039      (7,257)     10,782
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Loans:
   Loans held for sale                                            92        938      1,030          (56)     (2,475)     (2,531)
   Net loans and leases(2)                                    32,002      3,397     35,399       10,539      (8,750)      1,789
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
           Total loans                                        32,094      4,335     36,429       10,483     (11,225)       (742)
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Total interest-earning assets                                $56,656    $ 4,445    $61,101      $39,698    $(23,900)   $ 15,798
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Interest-bearing liabilities:

Deposits:
   Savings deposits                                          $ 2,753    $   287    $ 3,040      $ 4,547    $ (2,721)   $  1,826
   Money market deposits                                       4,997      3,832      8,829        2,386      (5,982)     (3,596)
   Time deposits under $100,000                               (1,264)    (1,768)    (3,032)      (4,371)     (5,683)    (10,054)
   Time deposits $100,000 or more                                609        226        835         (593)       (816)     (1,409)
   Foreign deposits                                            1,879      1,081      2,960         (816)     (1,335)     (2,151)
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
           Total interest-bearing deposits                     8,974      3,658     12,632        1,153     (16,537)    (15,384)
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Borrowed funds:
   Securities sold, not yet purchased                          6,522      1,415      7,937        3,039           -       3,039
   Federal funds purchased and security
      repurchase agreements                                   10,013      8,700     18,713       10,853      (1,158)      9,695
   FHLB advances and other borrowings:
        less than one year                                    (1,946)       520     (1,426)         185        (207)        (22)
        over one year                                            287        945      1,232        2,496         277       2,773
   Long-term debt                                             (1,291)    (1,373)    (2,664)        (651)     (1,434)     (2,085)
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
           Total borrowed funds                               13,585     10,207     23,792       15,922      (2,522)     13,400
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Total interest-bearing liabilities                           $22,559    $13,865    $36,424      $17,075    $(19,059)   $ (1,984)
                                                             -------    -------    -------      -------    --------    --------
Change in net interest income                                $34,097    $(9,420)   $24,677      $22,623    $ (4,841)   $ 17,782
                                                             =======    =======    =======      =======    ========    ========
   --------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)    Taxable-equivalent rates used where applicable.
(2)    Net of unearned income and fees, net of related costs.  Loans include
       nonaccrual and restructured loans.

In the tables on the preceeding pages, the principal amounts of nonaccrual and
renegotiated loans have been included in the average loan balances used to
determine the rate earned on loans. Interest income on nonaccrual loans is
included in income only to the extent that cash payments have been received and
not applied to principal and is accrued on restructured loans at the reduced
rates. Certain restructured loan agreements call for additional interest to be
paid on a deferred or contingent basis. Such interest is taken into income only
as collected.

In the analysis of interest changes due to volume and rates, the changes due to
the volume/rate variance have been allocated to volume. When volume and rate
have both increased, the variance has been allocated proportionately to both
volume and rate, and when the rate has increased and volume has decreased, the
variance has been allocated to rate.


                                       21
<PAGE>   24


Provision For Loan Losses

The provision for loan losses in 1994 decreased by 27.1% to $2,181,000 in 1994
as compared to $2,993,000 in 1993, and $10,929,000 in 1992. The decrease in loan
loss provisions resulted from improved credit risk management and an improved
economy which have produced decreases in nonperforming assets.

Noninterest Income

The Company's noninterest income decreased by 8.4% to $73.2 million in 1994 as
compared to $79.9 million in 1993 and $62.8 million in 1992. Service charges on
deposits increased by 5.2% in 1994 to $24.1 million, primarily as a result of
price increases and higher volumes in 1994. Other service charges, commissions,
and fees increased by 2.9% in 1994 to $22.0 million primarily as a result of
increased fees relating to commercial loan originations. Such increased fees
were partially offset by a decline in fees generated through sales of investment
products through the Company's discount brokerage operations and personal
investment officers, as well as fees from mortgage loan originations during
1994. Trading account income decreased by 63.4% to $.9 million in 1994 as
compared to $2.4 million in 1993. Loan sales and servicing income decreased
32.0% to $14.6 million in 1994 primarily as a result of decreased income on real
estate loans sold in 1994 and lower excess servicing fees during 1994 on
securitized loans sold resulting from competitive pressures, particularly in the
indirect consumer loan market. The Company does not recognize an initial gain on
the sale of loans but recognizes the income over the servicing life of the sale.
Other income increased by 6.4% in 1994 to $7.6 million primarily as a result of
gains on the sale of mortgage-servicing rights.

The following table presents the components of noninterest income for the years
indicated and a year-to-year comparison expressed in terms of percent changes.

                                                         Noninterest Income

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Percent               Percent             Percent            Percent
(Thousands of dollars)            1994       change       1993     change    1992      change    1991    change    1990
                                 -------   ---------    -------   -------   -------   -------  -------   -------  -------
<S>                              <C>       <C>          <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>
Service charges on deposit
  accounts                       $24,058        5.2%    $22,875     17.4%   $19,484     9.9%   $17,736    12.8%   $15,723
Other service charges,
  commissions, and fees           22,008        2.9      21,392     13.4     18,871    35.7     13,907    (5.1)    14,648
Trust income                       4,334       (6.2)      4,622       .2      4,614    10.7      4,169     1.9      4,092
Investment securities gains
  (losses), net                     (299)  (1,658.8)        (17)  (105.2)       327   (54.3)       715   182.4       (868)
Trading account income               860      (63.4)      2,350    (47.0)     4,437   226.5      1,359   (10.7)     1,521
Loan sales and servicing
income                            14,596      (32.0)     21,471    226.7      6,573   (16.5)     7,875     (.7)     7,932
Other income                       7,645        6.4       7,187    (15.9)     8,543    27.6      6,695    37.4      4,871
                                 -------                -------             -------            -------            -------
           Total                 $73,202       (8.4)%   $79,880     27.1%   $62,849    19.8%   $52,456     9.5%   $47,919
                                 =======   ========     =======   ======    =======   =====    =======   =====    =======
</TABLE>

Noninterest Expenses

Noninterest expenses increased by 4.3% in 1994 to $174.9 million as compared to
$167.8 million in 1993, and $139.1 million in 1992. Salaries and employee
benefits increased by 9.1% in 1994 to $93.3 million, primarily as a result of
additional salaries and benefits from an acquisition accounted for as a
purchase; increased staffing in investment activities; general salary increases;
and bonuses, commissions, and profit sharing costs related to increased
profitability. Furniture and equipment expenses increased 34.8% in 1994 to $12.5
million, primarily as a result of the expansion of the ATM network and the
installation of personal computers and local area networks.

The Company benefited by a decrease of 119.6% in other real estate expense to
$(.1) million in 1994 as holding costs declined through the continued sales of
other real estate owned properties during 1994. Also, values received in the
sales of other real estate owned continued to improve in 1994. F.D.I.C. premiums
increased by 4.0% in 1994 to $7.5 million as compared to $7.3 million in 1993
due to higher deposit levels. Telecommunication costs increased 25.4% to $3.8
million as a result of acquisitions and the expansion of ATM and other networks.
All other expenses increased 5.9% to $27.6 million in 1994 as compared to $26.1
million in 1993 primarily due to increased ATM network service costs,
amortization of investments in community development companies and investment
activity expenses. The Company recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt
in the amount of $6.0 million during 1993. This expense consisted of marking to
market an interest rate exchange agreement entered into several years ago in
conjunction with the issuance of long term floating rate notes, and writing off
deferred costs associated with the notes and industrial revenue bonds redeemed.


                                       22
<PAGE>   25

The following table presents the components of noninterest expenses for the
years indicated and a year-to-year comparison expressed in terms of percent
changes.

                                                        Noninterest Expenses
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              Percent                Percent              Percent              Percent
(Thousands of dollars)              1994       change      1993      change      1992     change     1991       change     1990
                                  --------    -------    --------    -------   --------   -------   --------   -------   --------
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>
Salaries and employee
  benefits                        $ 93,331       9.1%    $ 85,549     21.8%    $ 70,242     14.7%   $ 61,220      5.3%   $ 58,126
Occupancy, net                       8,397       2.8        8,168      12.7       7,248     (4.3)      7,570      6.3       7,119
Furniture and equipment             12,526      34.8        9,294      21.0       7,681     13.4       6,773      2.1       6,636
Other real estate expense              (88)   (119.6)         450     (82.4)      2,559    (22.9)      3,318    (15.2)      3,913
Legal and professional services
                                     5,142        .1        5,136      42.0       3,616     (8.0)      3,931    (22.7)      5,087
Supplies                             4,819       6.2        4,537      17.5       3,860      1.1       3,817      4.0       3,669
Postage                              4,723       9.0        4,334      20.0       3,611     (2.4)      3,700     15.6       3,201
F.D.I.C. premiums                    7,547       4.0        7,257      16.4       6,235     15.9       5,381     92.4       2,797
Amortization of intangible
  assets                             3,692     (16.7)       4,432      (2.2)      4,530     16.7       3,882      4.2       3,726
Loss on early extinguishment of
  debt                                   -    (100.0)       6,022     100.0           -        -           -        -           -
Other expenses:
  Telecommunications                 3,767      25.4        3,005      26.6       2,373     19.4       1,987      8.2       1,837
  Advertising                        3,447      (1.9)       3,515       8.6       3,236     43.3       2,258     55.7       1,450
  All other expenses                27,597       5.9       26,051       9.1      23,878     24.6      19,162      2.3      18,728
                                  --------               --------              --------             --------             --------
  Total other expenses              34,811       6.9       32,571      10.5      29,487     26.0      23,407      6.3      22,015
                                  --------               --------              --------             --------             --------
     Total                        $174,900       4.3%    $167,750      20.6%   $139,069     13.1%   $122,999      5.8%   $116,289
                                  ========    ======     ========     =====    ========    =====    ========    =====    ========

</TABLE>

The following table presents full-time equivalent employees and banking offices
at December 31, for the years indicated:

                         Full-Time Equivalent Employees

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
                                    -----       -----       -----       -----       -----
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Commercial banking                  2,506       2,573       2,098       2,008       1,863
Other                                 189         188         395         341         322
                                    -----       -----       -----       -----       -----
      Total                         2,695       2,761       2,493       2,349       2,185
                                    =====       =====       =====       =====       =====

Commercial banking offices            118         114         106         103          97
</TABLE>

Income Taxes

The Company's income taxes increased 13.4% to $30.9 million in 1994 compared to
$27.2 million in 1993 and $22.9 million in 1992 primarily due to the increase in
income before income taxes. The Company's effective tax rate was 32.6% during
1994 as compared to 32.5% in 1993.


                                       23
<PAGE>   26


Quarterly Summary

The following table presents a summary of earnings and end-of-period balances by
quarter for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992:

             Summary of Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Provi-                 Income
                                  Gross        Net        Non-      sion for      Non-      before
                                interest    interest    interest      loan      interest    income       Net
(Thousands of dollars)           income      income      income      losses     expenses     taxes     income
                                --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    -------    -------
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
Quarter:
   1994:
      First                     $ 77,213    $ 44,801    $16,396     $   290     $ 42,491    $18,416    $12,438
      Second                      86,772      48,741     18,465         467       41,996     24,743     16,418
      Third                       94,939      51,859     20,109         440       44,739     26,789     17,665
      Fourth                      95,065      53,205     18,232         984       45,674     24,779     17,306
                                --------    --------    -------     -------     --------    -------    -------
           Total                $353,989    $198,606    $73,202     $ 2,181     $174,900    $94,727    $63,827
                                ========    ========    =======     =======     ========    =======    =======

   1993:
      First                     $ 67,591    $ 41,092    $15,766     $ 1,365     $ 42,065    $13,428    $10,746
      Second                      71,091      44,813     19,371         408       39,047     24,729     16,636
      Third                       76,033      43,795     22,689         482       43,318     22,684     15,397
      Fourth                      78,901      44,957     22,054         738       43,320     22,953     15,426
                                --------    --------    -------     -------     --------    -------    -------
           Total                $293,616    $174,657    $79,880     $ 2,993     $167,750    $83,794    $58,205
                                ========    ========    =======     =======     ========    =======    =======

   1992:
      First                     $ 68,117    $ 35,486    $15,344     $ 4,135     $ 35,402    $11,293    $ 8,331
      Second                      69,952      38,105     13,802       3,181       32,749     15,977     10,282
      Third                       69,171      40,664     15,280       2,003       34,033     19,908     13,131
      Fourth                      70,985      43,027     18,423       1,610       36,885     22,955     15,465
                                --------    --------    -------     -------     --------    -------    -------
           Total                $278,225    $157,282    $62,849     $10,929     $139,069    $70,133    $47,209
                                ========    ========    =======     =======     ========    =======    =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Money                        Net         Allow-
                                               market                      loans      ances for                   Share-
                                  Total       invest-                       and          loan         Total      holders'
                                  assets       ments      Securities      leases        losses      deposits      equity
                                ----------    --------    ----------    ----------    ---------    ----------    --------
<S>                             <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>
End of Quarter:
   1994:
      First                     $5,232,172    $677,125    $1,626,260    $2,531,806     $67,984     $3,493,502    $318,708
      Second                     5,452,447     830,288     1,552,256     2,665,104      68,981      3,599,176     341,818
      Third                      5,228,382     667,013     1,532,726     2,574,644      66,847      3,628,273     354,330
      Fourth                     4,934,095     403,446     1,663,433     2,391,278      67,018      3,705,976     365,770

   1993:
      First                     $4,334,905    $733,496    $1,148,227    $2,112,865     $61,042     $3,152,960    $273,736
      Second                     4,420,841     599,091     1,187,784     2,197,102      67,602      3,347,915     287,985
      Third                      4,467,194     463,552     1,225,784     2,395,834      68,334      3,370,553     300,298
      Fourth                     4,801,054     597,680     1,258,939     2,486,346      68,461      3,432,289     312,592

   1992:
      First                     $3,743,022    $532,789    $  875,856    $2,029,465     $57,489     $2,906,767    $227,255
      Second                     3,893,657     540,755       919,497     2,126,102      60,768      2,921,975     235,843
      Third                      3,879,310     445,095       930,605     2,186,914      61,615      2,976,492     246,916
      Fourth                     4,107,924     616,180       981,695     2,107,433      59,807      3,075,110     260,070
</TABLE>


                                       24
<PAGE>   27

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION

Liquidity

Liquidity represents the Company's ability to provide adequate funds to meet its
financial obligations, including withdrawals by depositors, debt service
requirements and operating needs. Liquidity is primarily provided by the
regularly scheduled maturities of the Company's investment and loan portfolios.
In addition, the Company's liquidity is enhanced by the fact that cash, money
market securities, and liquid investments, net of short-term or "purchased"
liabilities and wholesale deposits, totaled $1,423.6 million or 41.3% of core
deposits at December 31, 1994.

The Company's core deposits, consisting of demand, savings, and money market
deposits, and small certificates of deposit, constituted 93.0% of total deposits
at December 31, 1994, as compared to 95.6% at December 31, 1993.

Maturing balances in loan portfolios provide flexibility in managing cash flows.
Maturity management of those funds is an important source of medium- to
long-term liquidity. The Company's ability to raise funds in the capital markets
through the "securitization" process and by debt issuances allows the Company to
take advantage of market opportunities to meet funding needs at reasonable cost.

The Company manages its liquidity position in order to assure its ability to
meet maturing obligations. Through an ongoing review of the Company's levels of
interest-sensitive assets and liabilities, efforts are made to structure
portfolios in such a way as to minimize the effects of fluctuating interest rate
levels on net interest income.

The parent company's cash requirements consist primarily of principal and
interest payments on its borrowings, dividend payments to shareholders, and cash
operating expenses. The parent company's cash needs are routinely satisfied
through payments by subsidiaries of dividends, proportionate shares of current
income taxes, management and other fees, and principal and interest payments on
subsidiary borrowings from the parent company.

Interest Rate Sensitivity

Interest rate sensitivity measures the Company's financial exposure to changes
in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity is, like liquidity, affected by
maturities of assets and liabilities. Interest rate sensitivity is measured in
terms of "gaps," defined as the difference between volumes of assets and
liabilities whose interest rates are subject to reset within specified periods
of time, and "duration," a measure of the weighted average expected lives of the
cash flows from assets and liabilities.

The Company, through the management of interest rate "maturities" and the use of
off-balance sheet arrangements such as interest rate caps, floors, futures,
options, and interest rate exchange agreements, attempts to be reasonably close
to neutral. The Company's management exercises its best judgment in making
assumptions with respect to prepayments, early withdrawals and other
noncontrollable events in managing the Company's exposure to changes in interest
rates.

Information as to the Company's sensitivity is presented in a table that
follows. The interest rate gaps reported in the table arise when assets are
funded with liabilities having different repricing intervals, after considering
the effect of off-balance sheet hedging financial instruments. Since these gaps
are actively managed and change daily as the interest rate environment changes,
positions at the end of any period may not be reflective of the Company's
interest rate position in subsequent periods.

                                      25

<PAGE>   28

The following table presents information as to the Company's interest rate
sensitivity at December 31, 1994:

                    Maturities and Interest Rate Sensitivity
                              at December 31, 1994

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Rate sensitive
                                                             ------------------------------------------
                                                                         After       After
                                                                         three        one
                                                                         months       year
                                                                          but         but
                                                              Within     within      within      After
                                                              three       year        five       five       Not rate
(Millions of dollars)                                         months      one        years       years     sensitive     Total
                                                             --------    ------      ------      ------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
Uses of Funds
Earning assets:
  Interest-bearing deposits                                  $   19.5                $   .2                             $   19.7
  Federal funds sold and security resell agreements             383.8                                                      383.8
  Securities:
    Held to maturity                                            572.6    $145.5       227.2      $ 85.6                  1,030.9
    Available for sale                                           79.9      40.2       131.9        63.6                    315.6
    Trading account                                             316.9                                                      316.9
  Loans and leases                                            1,590.9     298.1       390.6       111.7                  2,391.3
Nonearning assets                                                                                           $ 475.9        475.9
                                                             --------    ------      ------      ------     -------     --------
           Total uses of funds                               $2,963.6    $483.8      $749.9      $260.9     $ 475.9     $4,934.1
                                                             ========    ======      ======      ======     =======     ========
Sources of Funds

Interest-bearing deposits and liabilities:
  Savings deposits                                           $   92.9    $267.5      $349.8      $ 46.0                 $  756.2
  Money market deposits                                       1,026.6                 265.9                              1,292.5
  Time deposits under $100,000                                  129.6     232.8       151.5                                513.9
  Time deposits over $100,000                                    47.3      46.4        29.8                                123.5
  Foreign                                                       119.0        .1        15.0                                134.1
  Securities sold, not yet purchased                             81.4                                                       81.4
  Federal funds purchased and security
    repurchase agreements                                       524.5                                                      524.5
  FHLB advances and other borrowings:
     Less than one year                                          25.7                                                       25.7
     Over one year                                               79.3       1.6         7.9        12.8                    101.6
  Long-term debt                                                   .3       1.5         5.6        50.8                     58.2
Noninterest-bearing deposits                                    367.1      61.2        37.1       103.5     $ 316.9        885.8
Other liabilities                                                                                              70.9         70.9
Shareholders' equity                                                                                          365.8        365.8
                                                             --------    ------      ------      ------     -------     --------
           Total sources of funds                            $2,493.7    $611.1      $862.6      $213.1     $ 753.6     $4,934.1
                                                             ========    ======      ======      ======     =======     ========
Off-balance sheet items affecting interest
  rate sensitivity                                           $ (200.0)   $120.0      $ 80.0
Interest rate sensitivity gap                                $  269.9    $ (7.3)     $(32.7)     $ 47.8     $(277.7)
Percent of total assets                                           5.5%      (.2)%       (.7)%       1.0%       (5.6)%
Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap                     $  269.9    $262.6      $229.9      $277.7
Cumulative as a % of total assets                                 5.5%      5.3%        4.6%        5.6%
</TABLE>


                                       26
<PAGE>   29

Earning Assets

Average earning assets increased 18.3% to $4,990.4 million in 1994 as compared
to the 1993 level of $4,220.1 million and the 1992 level of $3,501.7 million.
Earning assets comprised 91.5% of total average assets in 1994 compared with
90.9% in 1993, with average loans representing 51.6% of earning assets in 1994
compared to 52.7% in 1993.

The volume of liquid money market investments increased 10.3% to $869.7 million
in 1994 from $788.7 million in 1993. Average securities increased 27.8% to
$1,545.7 million in 1994 from $1,209.2 million in 1993. Average loan volume
increased 15.9% to $2,575.0 million in 1994 as compared to $2,222.2 million in
1993.

The following table sets forth the composition of average earning assets for the
years indicated:

                             Average Earning Assets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Millions of dollars)                                        1994       1993       1992       1991       1990
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Money market investments:
  Interest-bearing deposits                                $   24.4   $  104.0   $  184.1   $  234.9   $  104.2
  Federal funds sold and security resell agreements           845.3      656.2      245.9      355.7      444.0
  Other money market investments                                  -       28.5       39.0       80.0        2.0
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total money market investments                            869.7      788.7      469.0      670.6      550.2
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Securities:
  Held to maturity:

    Taxable                                                   726.9      958.8      766.0      604.5      444.8
    Nontaxable                                                193.8      147.6      125.1       74.7       70.3
  Available for sale                                          334.1          -          -          -          -
  Trading account                                             290.9      102.8       36.9       22.8       14.6
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total securities                                        1,545.7    1,209.2      928.0      702.0      529.7
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Loans:
  Loans held for sale                                         187.5      185.9      187.0      106.0      114.4
  Net loans and leases                                      2,387.5    2,036.3    1,917.7    1,769.9    1,691.8
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total loans                                             2,575.0    2,222.2    2,104.7    1,875.9    1,806.2
                                                           --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total earning assets                                   $4,990.4   $4,220.1   $3,501.7   $3,248.5   $2,886.1
                                                           ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>


                                       27
<PAGE>   30

Investment Securities Portfolio

Investment securities prior to December 31, 1993 were held to maturity and
carried at amortized cost. At December 31, 1993 the Company adopted SFAS No.
115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," and
segregated the portfolio for securities held to maturity carried at amortized
cost, and securities available for sale carried at market. The following table
presents the Company's year-end investment securities portfolio.

                         Investment Securities Portfolio
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       December 31,
                                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                       1994                       1993                 1992
                                                            ------------------------    -------------------------    ---------
(In thousands)                                               Amortized      Market       Amortized      Market       Amortized
                                                               cost         value          cost         Value          Cost
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ---------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Held to maturity
- ----------------
U.S. Treasury securities                                    $        -    $        -    $        -    $        -     $ 57,380
U.S. government agencies and corporations:
  Small Business Administration
    loan-backed securities                                     460,163       459,313       399,603       411,846      366,867
  Other agency securities                                      271,440       262,144       157,098       157,544      101,949
States and political subdivisions                              243,225       242,754       196,241       198,664      148,363
Other debt securities                                                -             -             -             -       10,000
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     --------
                                                               974,828       964,211       752,942       768,054      684,559

Mortgage-backed securities                                      56,079        54,587        60,318        62,033      162,428
Equity securities:
  Federal Home Loan Bank stock                                       -             -             -             -       62,536
  Other stock                                                        -             -             -             -       33,472
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     --------
                                                             1,030,907     1,018,798       813,260       830,087     $942,995
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------     ========
Available for sale
- ------------------
U.S. Treasury securities                                        48,269        47,177        70,263        70,512
U.S. government agencies                                        33,304        33,304        61,107        61,077
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                                81,573        80,481       131,370       131,589
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Mortgage-backed securities                                      55,560        54,334        49,493        49,363
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Equity securities:
  Mutual funds:
    Accessor Funds, Inc.                                       118,983       111,529        90,736        91,245
    Other                                                          534           534           515           515
  Stock:
    Federal Home Loan Bank                                      65,861        65,861        72,376        72,376
    Other                                                        2,785         2,839         2,194         2,258
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                               187,983       180,763       165,821       166,394
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                               325,116       315,578       346,684       347,346
                                                            ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Total                                                       $1,356,023    $1,334,376    $1,159,944    $1,177,433
                                                            ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

                                       28

<PAGE>   31

Maturities and Average Yields of Investment Securities

The following table presents by maturity range and type of security, the average
yield of the investment portfolio at December 31, 1994. The average yield is
based on effective rates on amortized cost at the end of the year.

             Maturities and Average Yields of Investment Securities
                              at December 31, 1994

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        After one       After five
                                                       Total           Within one       but within      but within      After ten
                                                     securities           year          five years      ten years         years
                                                 -----------------  ---------------  ---------------  --------------  -------------
(Millions of Dollars)                              Amt.     Yield*   Amt.    Yield*    Amt.   Yield*   Amt.   Yield*   Amt.   Yield
 -------------------                             --------   ------  ------   ------  ------   ------  ------  ------  ------  -----
<S>                                              <C>        <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>
Held to maturity
- ----------------
U.S. government agencies and corporations:
   Small Business Administration
     loan-backed securities                      $  460.2    6.6%   $ 42.8    6.6%   $140.7   6.6%    $122.7   6.6%   $153.9   6.7%
   Other agency securities                          271.4    5.3%     19.8    4.5%    249.3   5.4%       1.0   5.2%      1.3   6.6%
States and political subdivisions                   243.2    7.9%     36.0    6.9%    114.7   8.0%      77.8   8.4%     14.8   7.4%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
                                                    974.8    6.6%     98.6    6.3%    504.7   6.3%     201.5   7.3%    170.0   6.8%
Mortgage-backed securities                           56.1    6.2%      9.3    6.4%     27.5   6.2%      12.3   6.3%      7.0   6.3%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
                                                  1,030.9    6.6%    107.9    6.3%    532.2   6.3%     213.8   7.2%    177.0   6.8%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
Available for sale
- ------------------
U.S. Treasury securities                             48.3    4.5%     32.9    4.5%     15.2   4.5%         -     -%       .2   7.8%
U.S. government agencies                             33.3   16.9%     33.3   16.9%        -     -%         -     -%        -     -%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
                                                     81.6    9.5%     66.2   10.7%     15.2   4.5%         -     -%       .2   7.8%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
Mortgage-backed securities                           55.5    6.1%      3.9    7.1%     14.7   6.8%      16.5   6.4%     20.4   5.0%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
Equity securities:
  Mutual funds:

    Accessor Funds, Inc.                            188.8    6.1%                                                      118.8   6.1%
    Other                                              .5    5.3%                                                         .5   5.3%
  Stock:

    Federal Home Loan Bank                           65.9    6.3%                                                       65.9   6.3%
    Other                                             2.8    5.5%                                                        2.8   5.5%
                                                 --------                                                             ------
                                                    188.0    6.2%                                                      188.0   6.2%
                                                 --------           ------           -----            ------          ------
                                                    325.1    7.0%     70.1   10.5%     29.9   5.7%      16.5   6.4%    208.6   6.1%
                                                 --------           ------           ------           ------          ------
Total                                            $1,356.0    6.7%   $178.0    8.0%   $562.1   6.3%    $230.3   7.1%   $385.6   6.4%
                                                 ========    ====   ======    ====   ======   ====    ======   ====   ======   ====
</TABLE>

*  An effective tax rate of 30% was used to adjust tax-exempt securities yields
   to rates comparable to those on fully taxable securities.

At December 31, 1994, the value of the Accessor Funds Inc. and the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Seattle stock each exceeded ten percent of shareholders' equity.

                                       29
<PAGE>   32

Loan Portfolio

During 1994, the Company consummated securitized loan sales of SBA loans, home
equity loans, credit card receivables and automobile loans totaling
approximately $703.0 million leading to a $322.4 million net increase in
securitized receivables outstanding, excluding long-term residential mortgages.
After these sales, loans and leases at December 31, 1994 totaled $2,416.1
million, a slight decrease of 3.7% compared to $2,508.2 million at December 31,
1993. Loans held for sale, commercial, financial and agriculture loans, and
lease financing declined 54.4%, 3.2%, and .7%, respectively, while real estate
and consumer loans increased 3.6% and 3.3%, respectively.

The table below sets forth the amount of loans outstanding by type at December
31 for the years indicated:

                                 Loan Portfolio

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               December 31,
                                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands)                                         1994         1993          1992          1991          1990
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Loans held for sale                                 $  108,649   $  238,206    $  229,465    $  153,782    $  117,606
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Commercial, financial and agricultural                 495,647      511,982       593,248       495,883       492,250
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Real estate:
   Construction                                        218,244      213,114       118,185       100,922        78,355
   Other:
      Home equity credit line                           40,007      159,998       148,245        96,059        65,193
      1-4 family residential                           452,131      367,001       155,831       164,606       122,382
      Other real estate-secured                        570,285      495,889       299,769       332,967       311,749
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                     1,280,667    1,236,002       722,030       694,554       577,679
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Consumer:
   Bankcard                                             41,035       27,522        24,293        73,789        70,089
   Other                                               349,998      351,157       430,123       458,712       507,536
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                       391,033      378,679       454,416       532,501       577,625
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Lease financing                                        129,547      130,450       124,480       122,620       115,974
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Other receivables                                       10,509       12,857         8,574         9,222        15,502
                                                    ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
      Total loans                                   $2,416,052   $2,508,176    $2,132,213    $2,008,562    $1,896,636
                                                    ==========   ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

The Company has no foreign loans in its loan portfolio.

Loans Serviced

In recent years, many banks and other financial institutions have had an
increasing tendency to "securitize" loans by pooling and selling them to
investors, with the servicing responsibilities and residual income in excess of
financing costs, servicing expenses, and loan losses accruing to the originating
institution. The securitization of receivables can assist an institution in
effectively utilizing its capital and enhancing its liquidity while at the same
time limiting its exposure to loss. The Company's participation in the
securitization process, as well as its participation in originating and selling
mortgage loans and student loans, has increased in recent years. During 1994,
the Company securitized and sold SBA 504 first mortgage loans totaling $43.7
million, home equity credit line receivables totaling $192.4 million, credit
card receivables totaling $163.1 million, and automobile loans totaling $303.8
million. At December 31, 1994, real estate loans serviced for others amounted to
$1,760.1 million compared to $1,650.4 million at December 31, 1993, and $1,252.8
million at December 31, 1992. Securitized loans serviced for investors at
December 31, 1994 totaled $786.6 million compared to $464.2 million at December
31, 1993 and $267.9 million at December 31, 1992.


                                       30
<PAGE>   33


Loan Maturities and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates

The following table shows maturity distribution and sensitivity to changes in
interest rates of the loan portfolio at December 31, 1994:

          Loan Maturities and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Maturities
                                                    -------------------------------------------------
                                                       One      One year        Over
                                                     year or    through         five
                                                      less      five years      years         Total
                                                    --------    ----------    --------     ----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Loans held for sale                                 $108,649     $      -     $      -     $  108,649
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
Commercial, financial and agricultural               280,717      153,468       61,462        495,647
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
Real estate:

   Construction                                      186,703       31,541            -        218,244
   Other:
      Home equity credit line                          4,639       16,226       19,142         40,007
      1-4 family residential                          13,751       29,789      408,591        452,131
      Other real estate-secured                       55,633      166,265      348,387        570,285
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
                                                     260,726      243,821      776,120      1,280,667
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
Consumer:

   Bankcard                                                -       41,035            -         41,035
   Other                                              87,696      207,941       54,361        349,998
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
                                                      87,696      248,976       54,361        391,033
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
Lease financing                                       19,338       99,474       10,735        129,547
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
Other receivables                                      9,929          399          181         10,509
                                                    --------     --------     --------     ----------
      Total                                         $767,055     $746,138     $902,859     $2,416,052
                                                    ========     ========     ========     ==========
Loans maturing in more than one year:
   With fixed interest rates                                     $350,076     $486,711     $  836,787
   With variable interest rates                                   396,062      416,148        812,210
                                                                 --------     --------     ----------
      Total                                                      $746,138     $902,859     $1,648,997
                                                                 ========     ========     ==========
</TABLE>

Credit Risk Management

Management of credit risk is a primary objective in maintaining a safe and sound
institution. To accomplish this task, the Company has written and placed in
effect loan policies to govern each of its loan portfolios. Loan policies assist
the Company in providing a framework for consistency in the acceptance of credit
and a basis for sound credit decisions. Generally, the Company makes its credit
decisions based upon debtor cash flow and available collateral. The Company has
structured its organization to separate the lending function from the credit
administration function to strengthen the control and independent evaluation of
credit activities. In addition, the Company has well-defined standards for
grading its loan portfolio, and maintains an internal Credit Examination
Department which periodically conducts examinations of the quality,
documentation, and administration of the Company's lending departments, and
submits reports thereon to a committee of the Board of Directors. Emphasis is
placed on early detection of potential problem credits so that action plans can
be developed on a timely basis to mitigate losses.


                                       31
<PAGE>   34

Loan Risk Elements

The following table shows the principal amounts of nonaccrual, past due 90 days
or more, restructured loans, and potential problem loans at December 31 for each
year indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                       December 31,
                                                                                     -----------------------------------------------
(In thousands)                                                                         1994      1993      1992      1991      1990
                                                                                     -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                                                  <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Nonaccrual loans                                                                     $13,635   $23,364   $21,556   $33,497   $35,802

Loans contractually past due 90 days or more (not included in nonaccrual
  loans above)                                                                         3,041    10,821     6,409     5,315    10,273

Restructured loans (not included in nonaccrual loans or loans
  contractually past due 90 days or more)                                                567     4,006     4,003     3,225    10,181

Potential problem loans (loans presently current by their terms, but about
  which management has serious doubt as to the future ability of the
  borrower to comply with present repayment terms)                                         -     1,114     6,263     5,042     5,194
</TABLE>

Includes loans held for sale.

Impact of Nonperforming Loans on Interest Income

The following table presents the gross interest income on nonaccrual and
restructured loans that would have been recorded if these loans had been current
in accordance with their original terms (interest at original rates), and the
amount of interest income on these loans that was included in income for each
year indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1994                        1993                       1992
                                                   -------------------------   ------------------------   ------------------------
                                                              Re-                         Re-                        Re-
                                                    Non-     struc-             Non-     struc              Non-    struc
(In thousands)                                     accrual   tured     Total   accrual   tured    Total   accrual   tured    Total
                                                   -------   -----    ------   -------   -----   ------   ------    -----   ------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>     <C>
Gross amount of interest that would have been
   recorded at original rate                       $1,713     $53     $1,766   $2,858    $193    $3,051   $2,082    $302    $2,384

Interest that was included
   in income                                          371      45        416      668     152       820      793     247     1,040
                                                   ------     ---     ------   ------    ----    ------   ------    ----    ------
Net impact on interest income                      $1,342     $ 8     $1,350   $2,190    $ 41    $2,231   $1,289    $ 55    $1,344
                                                   ======     ===     ======   ======    ====    ======   ======    ====    ======
</TABLE>

Potential problem loans consist primarily of commercial loans and commercial
real estate loans of $1 million. Management reviews loans graded "special
mention" and monitors the status of such loans for becoming potential problem
loans and their likelihood of becoming nonperforming loans. At December 31,
1994, management considered no loans as potential problem loans compared to two
loans totaling $1,114,000, at December 31, 1993 and three loans totaling
$6,263,000 at December 31, 1992. Management believes that for the near future,
potential problem loans should remain at a relatively low level.

Another aspect of the Company's credit risk management strategy is the
diversification of the loan portfolio. At year-end, the Company had 4% of its
portfolio in loans held for sale, 21% in commercial loans, 53% in real estate
loans, 16% in consumer loans, and 6% in lease financing and other. The Company's
real estate portfolio is also diversified. Of the total portfolio, 9% is in real
estate construction loans, 2% is in home equity credit lines, 19% is in 1-4
family residential loans and 23% is in commercial loans secured by real estate.
In addition, the Company attempts to avoid the risk of an undue concentration of
credits in a particular industry or trade group, as indicated by the commercial
loan and lease portfolio being allocated over more than 17 major industry
classifications. At year-end, the largest concentration in the commercial loan
and leasing portfolios was in the manufacturing group which comprised
approximately 17% of the portfolio. The manufacturing group was also well
diversified over several subcategories. Agricultural and mining loans comprise
less than 7% of total commercial loans. The Company has no significant exposure
to highly leveraged transactions and has no foreign credits in its loan
portfolio.


                                       32
<PAGE>   35

Nonperforming Assets

Nonperforming assets include nonaccrual loans, restructured loans, and other
real estate owned. Loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when the loan
is 90 days or more past due as to principal or interest, unless the loan is in
the process of collection and well-secured. Consumer loans are not placed on a
nonaccrual status inasmuch as they are generally charged off when they become
120 days past due. Loans are restructured to provide a reduction or deferral of
interest or principal payments when the financial condition of the borrower
deteriorates and requires that the borrower be given temporary or permanent
relief from the contractual terms of the credit. Other real estate owned is
acquired through or in lieu of foreclosure on credits that are secured by real
estate.

Nonperforming assets totaled $18.9 million as of December 31, 1994, a decrease
of 38.2% from $30.6 million as of December 31, 1993. Nonperforming assets
totaled $31.5 million at December 31, 1992. Nonperforming assets represented
 .79% of net loans and leases, other real estate owned and other nonperforming
assets at December 31, 1994, as compared to 1.23% and 1.49% at December 31, 1993
and 1992, respectively. Nonperforming assets as a percentage of net loans and
leases, other real estate owned, and other nonperforming assets at December 31,
1994 are at their lowest levels since at least 1985, the period during which
records have been maintained using the present definitions.

Accruing loans past due 90 days or more totaled $3.0 million as of December 31,
1994, as compared to $10.8 million at December 31, 1993. These loans equal .13%
of net loans and leases at December 31, 1994, as compared to .44% at December
31, 1993.

Continuous efforts have been made to reduce nonperforming loans and to liquidate
real estate owned properties in such a manner as to recover the greatest value
possible. Significant steps have been taken during the last few years to
strengthen the Company's credit culture by implementing a number of initiatives
designed to increase internal controls and improve early detection and
resolution of problem loans.

The following table sets forth the composition of nonperforming assets at
December 31 for the years indicated:

                              Nonperforming Assets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of dollars)                                      1994      1993       1992       1991       1990
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
<S>                                                       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Nonaccrual loans:
   Commercial, financial and agricultural                 $ 5,736   $ 6,969    $ 2,981    $13,983    $14,978
   Real estate                                              5,290    12,277     13,973     12,343     16,740
   Consumer                                                   862       607      1,377      2,198      2,646
   Lease financing                                          1,747     3,511      3,225      4,973      1,438
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
      Total                                                13,635    23,364     21,556     33,497     35,802
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
Restructured loans:
   Commercial, financial and agricultural                       -         8      1,204        480        740
   Real estate                                                567     3,998      2,799      2,745      9,441
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
      Total                                                   567     4,006      4,003      3,225     10,181
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
Other real estate owned:
   Commercial, financial and agricultural:

      Improved                                                415       844      3,099      4,200      4,422
      Unimproved                                            1,018       904      1,844      3,053      6,286
   Residential:

      1-4 family                                               63     1,182        681        874      2,938
      Multi-family                                              -         -          -         96        483
      Lots                                                      6       163         45        540      1,455
   Recreation property                                         42       110        238        445        774
   Other                                                       18        64         64        730      1,076
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
      Total                                                 1,562     3,267      5,971      9,938     17,434
Other nonperforming assets                                  3,179         -          -          -          -
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
      Total                                                 4,741     3,267      5,971      9,938     17,434
                                                          -------   -------    -------    -------    -------
      Total                                               $18,943   $30,637    $31,530    $46,660    $63,417
                                                          =======   =======    =======    =======    =======

% of net loans* and leases, other real estate owned and
   other nonperforming assets                                 .79%     1.23%      1.49%      2.35%      3.36%
</TABLE>


                                       33
<PAGE>   36


                        Nonperforming Assets (continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of dollars)                                                         1994       1993      1992      1991       1990
                                                                              ------    -------    ------    ------    -------
<S>                                                                           <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
Accruing loans past due 90 days or more:
      Commercial, financial and agricultural                                  $  431    $ 1,612    $2,893    $1,886    $ 3,256
      Real estate                                                              1,975      8,881     3,044     2,259      4,274
      Consumer                                                                   631        327       451     1,123      2,717
      Lease financing                                                              4          1        21        47         26
                                                                              ------    -------    ------    ------    -------
           Total                                                              $3,041    $10,821    $6,409    $5,315    $10,273
                                                                              ======    =======    ======    ======    =======

% of net loans* and leases                                                       .13%       .44%      .30%      .27%       .55%
</TABLE>

*Includes loans held for sale.

Allowance For Loan Losses

The Company's allowance for loan losses was 2.80% of net loans and leases at
December 31, 1994, as compared to 2.75% as of December 31, 1993 and 2.84% as of
December 31, 1992. Loan charge-offs increased 32.5% and recoveries decreased
51.7% in 1994 as compared to 1993, which resulted in a ratio of net charge-offs
to average loans and leases of .19% in 1994, compared to (.23)% in 1993, and
 .44% in 1992. The allowance for loan and lease losses relative to problem loans
continued to strengthen in 1994. The allowance, as a percentage of noncurrent
loans, was 401.9% in 1994 as compared to 200.3% in 1993, and 213.9% in 1992.
Noncurrent loans are defined as loans on which interest is not accrued, plus
loans ninety days or more past due on which interest continues to accrue.

In analyzing the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses, management
utilizes a comprehensive loan grading system to determine risk potential in the
portfolio, and considers the results of independent internal and external credit
reviews, historical charge-off experience, and changes in the composition and
volume of the portfolio. Other factors, such as general economic conditions and
collateral values, are also considered. Larger problem credits are individually
evaluated to determine appropriate reserve allocations. Additions to the
allowance are based upon the resulting risk profile of the portfolio developed
through the evaluation of the above factors.


                                       34
<PAGE>   37

Summary Of Loan Loss Experience

The following table shows the changes in the allowance for losses for each year
indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                                 1994          1993           1992          1991          1990
                                                            ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Loans* and leases outstanding at December 31 (net of
   unearned income)                                         $2,391,278    $2,486,346     $2,107,433    $1,979,726    $1,868,199
                                                            ==========    ==========     ==========    ==========    ==========
Average loans* and leases outstanding (net of
   unearned income)                                         $2,574,995    $2,222,182     $2,104,679    $1,875,928    $1,806,188
                                                            ==========    ==========     ==========    ==========    ==========
Allowance for possible losses:
Balance at beginning of year                                $   68,461    $   59,807     $   58,238    $   60,948    $   62,001
Allowance of companies (sold) or acquired                        1,308           546              -             -        (1,224)
Loans and leases charged-off:
   Loans held for sale                                               -             -              -             -             -
   Commercial, financial, and agricultural                      (5,158)       (1,804)        (6,224)      (17,298)      (11,841)
   Real estate                                                    (573)       (1,179)        (2,544)       (4,363)       (2,281)
   Consumer                                                     (4,756)       (5,461)        (9,559)      (14,073)      (12,918)
   Lease financing                                              (1,174)         (360)          (604)         (847)         (473)
   Other receivables                                                 -             -              -             -             -
                                                            ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
               Total                                           (11,661)       (8,804)       (18,931)      (36,581)      (27,513)
                                                            ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Recoveries:
   Loans held for sale                                               -             -              -             -             -
   Commercial, financial, and agricultural                       2,180        10,117          5,197         3,456         4,177
   Real estate                                                     676           611            477           829           516
   Consumer                                                      3,732         3,043          3,794         3,704         2,701
   Lease financing                                                 141           148            103           321           207
   Other receivables                                                 -             -              -             -             -
                                                            ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
               Total                                             6,729        13,919          9,571         8,310         7,601
                                                            ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Net loan and lease (charge-offs) recoveries                     (4,932)        5,115         (9,360)      (28,271)      (19,912)
Provision charged against earnings                               2,181         2,993         10,929        25,561        20,083
                                                            ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
Balance at end of year                                      $   67,018    $   68,461     $   59,807    $   58,238      $ 60,948
                                                            ==========    ==========     ==========    ==========    ==========

Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans
   and leases                                                      .19%         (.23)%          .44%         1.51%         1.10%

Ratio of allowance for possible losses to loans and
   leases outstanding at December 31                              2.80%         2.75%          2.84%         2.94%         3.26%

Ratio of allowance for possible losses to
   nonperforming loans at December 31                           471.89%       250.13%        234.00%       158.59%       132.54%

Ratio of allowance for possible losses to nonaccrual
   loans and accruing loans past due 90 days or more at
   December 31
                                                                401.88%       200.27%        213.86%       150.05%       132.28%
</TABLE>


*Includes loans held for sale.

                                       35
<PAGE>   38

Review of nonperforming loans and evaluation of the quality of the loan
portfolio, as previously mentioned, results in the identification of certain
loans with risk characteristics which warrant specific reserve allocations in
the determination of the amount of the allowance for loan losses. The allowance
is not allocated among all loan categories, and amounts allocated to specific
categories are not necessarily indicative of future charge-offs. An amount in
the allowance not specifically allocated by loan category is necessary in view
of the fact that, while no loans were made with the expectation of loss, some
loan losses inevitably occur. The following is a categorization of the allowance
for loan losses for each year indicated:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              1994                  1993
                                                                        -----------------    ------------------
                                                                                  Alloca-               Alloca-
                                                                         % of     tion of     % of      tion of
(In thousands)                                                          total      allow-    total      allow-
                                                                        loans      ance      loans       ance
                                                                        -----     -------    -----      -------
<S>                                                                     <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>
Type of loan
- ------------
Loans held for sale                                                       4.5%    $     -      9.5%     $     -
Commercial, financial and agricultural                                   20.5       2,920     20.4        3,094
Real estate                                                              53.0       1,594     49.3        4,032
Consumer                                                                 16.2         946     15.1        2,366
Lease financing                                                           5.4         981      5.2        1,043
Other receivables                                                          .4           -       .5            -
                                                                        -----                -----
   Total loans                                                          100.0%               100.0%
                                                                        =====                =====
Off-balance sheet unused commitments
    and standby letters of credit                                                   3,674                 1,972
                                                                                  -------               -------
Allocated                                                                          10,115                12,507
Unallocated                                                                        56,903                55,954
                                                                                  -------               -------
   Total allowance for loan losses                                                $67,018               $68,461
                                                                                  =======               =======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1992                   1991                  1990
                                                 ------------------    -----------------     ------------------
                                                            Alloca-              Alloca-                Alloca-
                                                  % of      tion of    % of      tion of     % of       tion of
(In thousands)                                    total      allow-    total      allow-     total       allow-
                                                  loans      ance      loans      ance       loans       ance
                                                 ------     -------    -----     -------     ------     -------
<S>                                              <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>
Type of loan
- ------------
Loans held for sale                               10.8%     $     -       7.6%   $     -       6.2%     $     -
Commercial, financial and agricultural            27.8        4,619      24.7      8,419      26.0       11,103
Real estate                                       33.9        4,240      34.6      6,884      30.5        1,722
Consumer                                          21.3        2,711      26.5      3,684      30.4        1,814
Lease financing                                    5.8        1,818       6.1      2,279       6.1          200
Other receivables                                   .4            -        .5          -        .8            -
                                                 -----                  -----                -----
   Total loans                                   100.0%                 100.0%               100.0%
                                                 =====                  =====                =====
Off-balance sheet unused commitments and

   standby letters of credit                                  3,710                5,567                  5,374
                                                            -------              -------                -------
Allocated                                                    17,098               26,833                 20,213
Unallocated                                                  42,709               31,405                 40,735
                                                            -------              -------                -------
   Total allowance for loan losses                          $59,807              $58,238                $60,948
                                                            =======              =======                =======
</TABLE>


                                       36
<PAGE>   39

Deposits

Total average deposits increased 12.7% to $3,583.1 million in 1994 from $3,178.9
million in 1993. Total deposits increased 8.0% to $3,706.0 million at December
31, 1994 compared to $3,432.3 million at December 31, 1993. The Company's demand
deposits increased .7% and savings and money market accounts, increased 9.7%
comparing December 31, 1994 to December 31, 1993, while certificates of deposit
under $100,000 decreased 4.0%. Domestic deposits over $100,000 increased 52.6%
to $123.5 million and foreign deposits increased 95.6% to $134.1 million at
December 31, 1994.

The following table presents the average amount and the average rate paid on
each of the following categories for each year indicated:

                    Average Deposit Amounts and Average Rates

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In millions)                                                                          1994         1993         1992
                                                                                     --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                                                  <C>          <C>          <C>
Average amounts:
   Noninterest-bearing demand deposits                                               $  838.1     $  729.7     $  556.5
   Savings deposits                                                                     740.3        648.2        494.1
   Money market deposits                                                              1,284.7      1,117.0      1,029.5
   Time deposits of less than $100,000                                                  516.9        548.8        651.2
   Time deposits $100,000 or more                                                        94.7         79.4         95.1
   Foreign deposits                                                                     108.4         55.8         86.5
                                                                                     --------     --------     --------
      Total average amounts                                                          $3,583.1     $3,178.9     $2,912.9
                                                                                     ========     ========     ========
Average rates:
   Noninterest-bearing demand deposits                                                     -%           -%           -%
   Savings deposits                                                                     3.01%        2.97%        3.52%
   Money market deposits                                                                3.11%        2.79%        3.37%
   Time deposits under $100,000                                                         3.96%        4.28%        5.15%
   Time deposits $100,000 or more                                                       4.06%        3.79%        4.65%
   Foreign deposits                                                                     4.10%        2.66%        4.20%
      Total                                                                             3.31%        3.20%        3.98%

Maturities of time deposits $100,000 or more at December 31, 1994 (In millions):

   Under three months                                                                $  47.3
   Over three  months and less than six months                                          22.0
   Over six months and less than twelve months                                          24.4
   Over twelve months                                                                   29.8
                                                                                     -------
      Total time deposits $100,000 or more                                           $ 123.5
                                                                                     =======
</TABLE>

Most foreign deposits are in denominations of $100,000 or more.

                                       37
<PAGE>   40

Short-term Borrowings

The following table sets forth data pertaining to the Company's short-term
borrowings for each year indicated:

(In thousands, except rates)

At December 31,

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                              Maximum       Average      average
                                                                                Weighted       month-       balance        rate
Category of aggregate                                                            average        end         during        during
short-term borrowings                                              Balance        rate        balance      the year      the year
- ---------------------                                              --------     --------    ----------    ----------     --------
<S>                                                                <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>
Securities sold, not yet purchased
      1994                                                         $ 81,437      5.33%      $  464,133    $  184,405       5.95%
      1993                                                         $ 46,640      4.96%      $  278,351    $   69,442       4.38%
      1992                                                                -         -%               -             -          -%

Federal funds purchased and security repurchase
   agreements (a)
      1994                                                         $524,538      5.51%      $1,165,880    $1,057,827       3.88%
      1993                                                         $595,200      2.86%      $  595,200    $  767,309       2.92%
      1992                                                         $422,897      3.12%      $  490,774    $  394,620       3.21%

Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings
   less than one year(b)
      1994                                                         $ 25,748      7.70%      $   73,461    $   32,557       5.44%
      1993                                                         $136,140      3.36%      $  136,140    $   83,123       3.85%
      1992                                                         $153,533      3.43%      $  153,533    $   78,406       4.10%
</TABLE>

(a)   Federal funds purchased and security repurchase agreements are primarily
      on an overnight or demand basis. Rates on overnight funds reflect current
      market rates. Rates on fixed-maturity borrowings are set at the time of
      the borrowings.

(b)   Federal Home Loan Bank advances less than one year are overnight and
      reflect current market rates or reprice monthly based on a one-month LIBOR
      as set by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle. Other borrowings are
      primarily variable rate and reprice based on changes in the prime rate
      which reflect current market.

Return on Equity and Assets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       1994        1993        1992
                                                      ------      ------      ------
<S>                                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
Return on average assets                               1.17%       1.25%       1.24%
Return on average common shareholders' equity         18.82%      20.33%      19.64%
Common dividend payout ratio                          27.06%      21.81%      20.31%
Average equity to average assets ratio                 6.22%       6.17%       6.31%
</TABLE>


                                       38
<PAGE>   41


Capital Resources

IAt year end, there were two measures of capital adequacy in use for commercial
banks and bank holding companies, as follows:

1.    Risk-based Capital

Risk-based capital guidelines require varying amounts of capital to be
maintained against different categories of assets, depending on the general
level of risk inherent in the assets. A capital allocation is also required for
off-balance sheet exposures such as letters of credit, loan commitment, and
interest rate contracts. The Company's total risk-based capital ratio was 14.96%
at December 31, 1994 and 14.12% at December 31, 1993. The minimum regulatory
requirement is an 8% total risk-based capital ratio of which 4% must be
comprised of core capital. The minimum risk-based capital ratio for a bank to be
considered "well-capitalized" under the regulatory definitions is 10%.

2.    Tier I Leverage

Under the risk-based capital guidelines, a bank holding company could, in
theory, significantly leverage its capital by investing in assets with little or
no credit risk. The guidelines place a limit on such leverage through the
establishment of a minimum level of tangible equity as a percentage of average
total assets. The Company's Tier I leverage ratio was 6.24% at December 31, 1994
and 5.44% at December 31, 1993, compared to the minimum regulatory requirement
of 3%.

The following table presents the regulatory risk-based capital at December 31
for the years indicated:

                  Regulatory Risk-Based Capital at December 31

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of dollars)                                              1994            1993           1992
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
<S>                                                              <C>             <C>            <C>
Under Guidelines Effective 1992 and Subsequent
- ----------------------------------------------

Capital components:
Common shareholders' equity                                      $  345,919      $  300,175     $  258,066
Add:
   Minority interest in subsidiary                                      500             500              -
Deduct:
   Goodwill                                                         (18,732)        (11,920)       (12,321)
   Nonqualifying amount of purchased mortgage servicing                   -            (280)             -
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
       Tier I capital: Core capital                                 327,687         288,475        245,745
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
Allowance for loan losses*                                           35,085          33,657         30,402
Qualifying unsecured long-term debt**                                52,400          53,200         87,450
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
       Tier II capital: Supplementary capital                        87,485          86,857        117,852
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
       Total risk-based capital                                  $  415,172      $  375,332     $  363,597
                                                                 ==========      ==========     ==========
Risk-weighted assets:

Balance sheet                                                    $2,629,427      $2,558,260     $2,273,763
Off-balance sheet                                                   177,347         134,315        158,419
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
       Gross risk-weighted assets                                 2,806,774       2,692,575      2,432,182
Deduct: Excess allowance for loan losses                            (31,933)        (34,804)       (29,405)
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
       Total adjusted risk-weighted assets                       $2,774,841      $2,657,771     $2,402,777
                                                                 ==========      ==========     ==========
Capital ratios:
Tier I capital: Core capital                                          11.81%          10.85%         10.23%
Tier II capital: Supplementary capital                                 3.15%           3.27%          4.90%
                                                                 ----------      ----------     ----------
       Total risk-based capital                                       14.96%          14.12%         15.13%
                                                                 ==========      ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

*    Limited to 1.25% of risk-weighted assets.
**   Limited to 50% of core capital and reduced by 20% per year during an
     instrument's last five years before maturity.


                                       39
<PAGE>   42

Dividends

The Company's quarterly dividend rate was $.30 per share for the third and
fourth quarters of 1994, $.28 per share for the first and second quarters of
1994 and the third and fourth quarters of 1993, $.21 for the first and second
quarters of 1993 and the fourth quarter of 1992, and $.18 per share for all
other quarterly periods during 1992. The annual dividend rate was $1.16 for
1994, $.98 for 1993, and $.75 for 1992. During the years 1990 through 1994 there
was no preferred stock outstanding.

The following table sets forth dividends paid by the Company of each year
indicated:

                                 Dividends Paid

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(Thousands of dollars)                    1994        1993       1992       1991       1990
                                         ------      ------     ------     ------     ------
<S>                                      <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net income                               $63,827     $58,205    $47,209    $30,449    $27,765
Common dividends paid                    17,271      12,692      9,587      9,102      8,939
Payout/net income                          27.1%       21.8%      20.3%      29.9%      32.2%
</TABLE>

Foreign Operations

Zions First National Bank opened a foreign office located in Grand Cayman, Grand
Cayman Islands, B.W.I. in 1980. This office has no foreign loans outstanding.
The office accepts Eurodollar deposits from qualified customers of the Bank and
places deposits with foreign banks and foreign branches of other U.S. banks.
Foreign deposits at December 31 totaled $134,132,000 in 1994, $68,563,000 in
1993, and $52,777,000 in 1992; and averaged $108,383,000 for 1994, $55,823,000
for 1993, and $86,479,000 for 1992.


                                       40
<PAGE>   43
                                                                       

 ITEM 8  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                          Independent Auditors' Report

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Zions Bancorporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zions
Bancorporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Zions Bancorporation
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

As discussed in notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than
pensions in 1993 to adopt the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (Statement) No. 106,
Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions. As
discussed in notes 1 and 6, the Company also changed its method of accounting
for income taxes in 1993 to adopt the provisions of Statement No. 109,
Accounting for Income Taxes. As discussed in notes 1 and 3, the Company also
changed its method of accounting for investments to adopt the provisions of
Statement No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities on December 31, 1993.

                                                  KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Salt Lake City, Utah
January 24, 1995

                                       41
<PAGE>   44
                                                                          

                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                           December 31, 1994 and 1993

                      (In thousands, except share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ASSETS                                                                                                  1994           1993
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
<S>                                                                                                  <C>             <C>    
Cash and due from banks                                                                              $  316,943        338,970
Money market investments:
   Interest-bearing deposits                                                                             19,704         24,967
   Federal funds sold and security resell agreements                                                    383,742        572,713

Investment securities:
   Held-to-maturity, at cost (approximate market value $1,018,798 and $830,087)                       1,030,907        813,260
   Available-for-sale, at market                                                                        315,578        347,346
   Trading account                                                                                      316,948         98,333

Loans:
   Loans held for sale at cost, which approximates market                                               108,649        238,206
   Loans, leases, and other receivables                                                               2,307,403      2,269,970
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
                                                                                                      2,416,052      2,508,176

      Less:
           Unearned income and fees, net of related costs                                                24,774         21,830
           Allowance for loan losses                                                                     67,018         68,461
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
                                                                                                      2,324,260      2,417,885

Premises and equipment                                                                                   74,673         72,049
Amounts paid in excess of net assets of acquired businesses                                              18,732         11,920
Other real estate owned                                                                                   1,562          3,267
Other assets                                                                                            131,046        100,344
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
                                                                                                     $4,934,095      4,801,054
                                                                                                     ==========      =========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Deposits:
   Noninterest-bearing                                                                               $  885,833        879,908
   Interest-bearing:
      Savings and money market                                                                        2,048,715      1,867,483
      Time:
        Under $100,000                                                                                  513,841        535,456
        Over $100,000                                                                                   123,455         80,879
      Foreign                                                                                           134,132         68,563
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
                                                                                                      3,705,976      3,432,289
Securities sold, not yet purchased                                                                       81,437         46,640
Federal funds purchased and security repurchase agreements                                              524,538        595,200
Accrued liabilities                                                                                      70,873         66,497
Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings:
   Less than one year                                                                                    25,748        136,140
   Over one year                                                                                        101,571        152,109
Long-term debt                                                                                           58,182         59,587
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
               Total liabilities                                                                      4,568,325      4,488,462
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
Shareholders' equity:
   Capital stock:
      Preferred stock, without par value; authorized 3,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding, none           -              -
      Common stock, without par value; authorized 30,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding,
        14,559,552 shares and 14,201,367 shares                                                          79,193         66,257
   Net unrealized holding gains and losses on securities available-for-sale (note 3)                     (5,866)           415
   Retained earnings                                                                                    292,443        245,920
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
               Total shareholders' equity                                                               365,770        312,592
                                                                                                     ----------      ---------
Commitments and contingent liabilities (notes 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, and 14)
                                                                                                     $4,934,095      4,801,054
                                                                                                     ==========      =========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      42
<PAGE>   45


                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        Consolidated Statements of Income

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                         1994          1993         1992
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
<S>                                                                                   <C>            <C>          <C>
Interest income:
   Interest and fees on loans                                                         $208,414       172,920      170,793
   Interest on loans held for sale                                                      12,303        11,273       13,804
   Interest on money market investments                                                 35,045        27,427       21,669
   Interest on securities:
      Held-to-maturity:
         Taxable                                                                        41,269        56,347       48,854
         Nontaxable                                                                     10,982         8,455        7,591
      Available-for-sale                                                                19,916             -            -
      Trading account                                                                   16,516         7,555        5,537
   Lease financing                                                                       9,544         9,639        9,977
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
           Total interest income                                                       353,989       293,616      278,225
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
Interest expense:
   Interest on savings and money market deposits                                        62,200        50,331       52,101
   Interest on time deposits                                                            28,758        27,995       41,609
   Interest on borrowed funds                                                           64,425        40,633       27,233
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
           Total interest expense                                                      155,383       118,959      120,943
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
           Net interest income                                                         198,606       174,657      157,282
Provision for loan losses                                                                2,181         2,993       10,929
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
           Net interest income after provision for loan losses                         196,425       171,664      146,353
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
Noninterest income:
   Service charges on deposit accounts                                                  24,058        22,875       19,484
   Other service charges, commissions, and fees                                         22,008        21,392       18,871
   Trust income                                                                          4,334         4,622        4,614
   Investment securities gains (losses), net                                              (299)          (17)         327
   Trading account income                                                                  860         2,350        4,437
   Loan sales and servicing income                                                      14,596        21,471        6,573
   Other                                                                                 7,645         7,187        8,543
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
                                                                                        73,202        79,880       62,849
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
Noninterest expenses:
   Salaries and employee benefits                                                       93,331        85,549       70,242
   Occupancy, net                                                                        8,397         8,168        7,248
   Furniture and equipment                                                              12,526         9,294        7,681
   Other real estate expense                                                               (88)          450        2,559
   Legal and professional services                                                       5,142         5,136        3,616
   Supplies                                                                              4,819         4,537        3,860
   Postage                                                                               4,723         4,334        3,611
   FDIC premiums                                                                         7,547         7,257        6,235
   Amortization of intangible assets                                                     3,692         4,432        4,530
   Loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                      -         6,022            -
   Other                                                                                34,811        32,571       29,487
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
                                                                                       174,900       167,750      139,069
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of changes in accounting 
  principles                                                                            94,727        83,794       70,133

Income taxes                                                                            30,900        27,248       22,924
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
Income before cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                     63,827        56,546       47,209

Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                                        -         1,659            -
Interest income:                                                                      --------       -------      -------
           Net income                                                                 $ 63,827        58,205       47,209
                                                                                      ========       =======      =======       
Weighted average common and common-equivalent shares outstanding during the year        14,601        14,280       13,790
                                                                                      ========       =======      =======       
Earnings per common share:
   Income before cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                $   4.37          3.96         3.42
   Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                                     -           .12            -
                                                                                      --------       -------      -------
           Net income per common share                                                $   4.37          4.08         3.42
                                                                                      ========       =======      =======       
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                     43
<PAGE>   46


                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                        1994               1993             1992
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
<S>                                                                                 <C>                 <C>              <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                                       $      63,827            58,205          47,209
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in)
      operating activities:
       Provision for loan losses                                                            2,181             2,993          10,929
       Write-downs of other real estate owned                                                 179               704           1,723
       Depreciation of premises and equipment                                               9,186             7,605           6,140
       Amortization of premium on core deposits and other intangibles                       3,692             4,432           4,530
       Amortization of net premium/discount on investment securities                        4,817             6,089           6,241
       Accretion of unearned income and fees, net of related costs                          2,770            (2,950)         (4,056)
       Proceeds from sales of trading account securities                              160,090,330        36,468,421       3,112,879
       Increase in trading account securities                                        (160,308,945)      (36,383,168)     (3,115,492)
       Net loss (gain) on sales of investment securities                                      299                17            (327)
       Proceeds from loans held for sale                                                  774,185         1,094,031         879,977
       Increase in loans held for sale                                                   (663,379)       (1,088,996)       (953,930)
       Net gain on sales of loans, leases, and other assets                                (8,968)          (16,810)         (3,998)
       Net loss (gain) on sales of other real estate owned                                   (328)             (182)            278
       Change in accrued income taxes                                                       1,628             1,870           6,369
       Change in accrued interest receivable                                               (8,669)            2,794           4,855
       Change in accrued interest payable                                                   1,368            (1,428)         (5,335)
       Change in other assets                                                             (16,790)          (20,738)         (4,538)
       Change in accrued liabilities                                                           19            (4,074)        (13,529)
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
           Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                            (52,598)          128,815         (20,075)
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
Cash flows from investing activities:
   Net decrease in money market investments                                               196,086           567,251          98,058
   Proceeds from sales of investment securities                                           137,128            74,587          33,446
   Proceeds from maturities of investment securities                                      350,223           258,463         235,368
   Purchases of investment securities                                                    (646,849)         (554,632)       (403,271)
   Proceeds from sales of loans and leases                                                703,013           612,552         163,709
   Net increase in loans and leases                                                      (671,665)         (927,359)       (228,830)
   Principal collections on leveraged leases                                                  111             1,375           1,215
   Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment                                              691               169              88
   Purchases of premises and equipment                                                    (12,389)          (15,356)        (18,569)
   Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned                                           5,608             3,542           8,476
   Proceeds from sales of mortgage servicing rights                                         2,864               608           1,435
   Purchases of mortgage servicing rights                                                    (590)           (1,731)         (1,374)
   Proceeds from sales of other assets                                                        830             1,486             877
   Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash received                                          9,851           (59,833)              -
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
           Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                             74,912           (38,878)       (109,372)
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
Cash flows from financing activities:
   Net increase in deposits                                                               177,916           296,144         197,250
   Net change in short-term funds borrowed                                               (153,285)         (419,992)        (16,781)
   Proceeds from FHLB advances over one year                                               15,340           204,567           1,745
   Payments on FHLB advances over one year                                                (65,878)         (104,147)            (56)
   Payments on leveraged leases                                                               (42)                -               -
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                   332             4,000          50,000
   Payments on long-term debt                                                              (1,737)          (43,659)        (32,585)
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock                                                     317               893           1,695
   Dividends paid                                                                         (17,304)          (12,705)         (9,587)
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
           Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                            (44,341)          (74,899)        191,681
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks                                        (22,027)           15,038          62,234

Cash and due from banks at beginning of year                                              338,970           323,932         261,698
                                                                                    -------------       -----------      ----------
Cash and due from banks at end of year                                              $     316,943           338,970         323,932
                                                                                    =============       ===========      ==========
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                    44


<PAGE>   47

                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  Consolidated Statements of Retained Earnings

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           1994          1993         1992
                                                                        --------       -------       -------
<S>                                                                     <C>            <C>           <C>    
Balance at beginning of year                                            $245,920       197,992       160,370
Retained earnings of acquired company                                          -         2,428             -
Net income                                                                63,827        58,205        47,209
Cash dividends:
   Preferred, paid by subsidiary to minority shareholder                     (33)          (13)            -
   Common, per share of $1.16 in 1994, $.98 in 1993, and $.75 in 1992    (16,786)      (12,207)       (9,183)
   Dividends of NBA prior to merger                                         (485)         (485)         (404)
                                                                        --------       -------       -------
Balance at end of year                                                  $292,443       245,920       197,992
                                                                        ========       =======       =======
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                     45
<PAGE>   48



                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                        December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992


1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Business - Zions Bancorporation (the Parent) is a multibank holding company
organized under the laws of Utah in 1955, which provides a full range of banking
and related services through its subsidiaries located primarily in Utah, Nevada,
and Arizona.

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation - The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Zions Bancorporation and its subsidiaries
(the Company). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts in prior years' consolidated
financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 1994 presentation.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles. In preparing the consolidated
financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the
balance sheet and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Investment Securities - The Company adopted the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards (Statement) No. 115, Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities on December 31, 1993. Under Statement
No. 115, the Company classifies its investment securities in one of three
categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities
are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near
term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the
ability and intent to hold until maturity. All other securities not included in
trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale.

Trading securities (including futures and options used to hedge trading
positions against interest rate risk) and available-for-sale securities are
recorded at fair value. Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized
cost, adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts.
Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in
earnings. Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of related tax effect, on
available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and are reported as a
separate component of shareholders' equity until realized. Transfers of
securities between categories are recorded at fair value at the date of
transfer. Unrealized holding gains and losses are recognized in earnings for
transfers into trading securities. Unrealized holding gains or losses associated
with transfers of securities from held-to-maturity to available-for-sale are
recorded as a separate component of shareholders' equity. The unrealized holding
gains or losses included in the separate component of equity for securities
transferred from available-for-sale to held-for-maturity are maintained and
amortized into earnings over the remaining life of the security as an adjustment
to yield in a manner consistent with the amortization or accretion of premium or
discount on the associated security.

A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale or held-to-maturity
security below cost that is deemed other than temporary is charged to earnings
resulting in the establishment of a new cost basis for the security.

Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related
held-to-maturity security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest
method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned. Realized gains
and losses for securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity
are included in earnings and are derived using the specific-identification
method of determining the cost of securities sold.

Loan Fees - Nonrefundable fees and related direct costs associated with the
origination of loans are deferred. The net deferred fees and costs are
recognized in interest income over the loan term using methods that generally
produce a level yield on the unpaid loan balance. Other nonrefundable fees
related to lending activities other than direct loan origination are recognized
as other operating income over the period the related service is provided.
Bankcard discounts and fees charged to merchants for processing transactions
through the Company are shown net of interchange discounts and fees expense, and
are included in other service charges, commissions, and fees.

Mortgage Loan Servicing - Mortgage loan servicing fees are based on a stipulated
percentage of the outstanding loan principal balances being serviced and are
included in income as related loan payments from mortgagors are collected. Costs
associated with the acquisition of loan servicing rights through the purchase of
servicing contracts or bulk loan purchases are deferred and amortized over the
lives of loans being serviced in proportion to the estimated net loan servicing
income.

                                    46
<PAGE>   49
                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements



Allowance for Loan Losses - The allowance for loan losses is based on
management's periodic evaluation of the loan portfolio and reflects an amount
that, in management's opinion, is adequate to absorb losses in the existing
portfolio. In evaluating the portfolio, management takes into consideration
numerous factors, including current economic conditions, prior loan loss
experience, the composition of the loan portfolio, and management's estimate of
anticipated credit losses. Management believes that the allowance for loan
losses is adequate. While management uses available information to recognize
losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on
changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an
integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company's
allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize
additions to the allowance based on their judgments using information available
to them at the time of their examination.

Premises and Equipment - Premises and equipment are stated at cost, net of
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation, computed on the
straight-line method, is charged to operations over the estimated useful lives
of the properties. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the terms of
respective leases or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever
is shorter. As of December 31, 1994 and 1993, accumulated depreciation and
amortization totaled $70,520,000 and $61,932,000, respectively.

Nonperforming Assets - Nonperforming assets are comprised of loans for which the
accrual of interest has been discontinued, loans for which the terms have been
renegotiated to less than market rates due to a weakening of the borrower's
financial condition (restructured loans), and other real estate acquired
primarily through foreclosure that is awaiting disposition.

Loans are generally placed on a nonaccrual status when principal or interest is
past due 90 days or more unless the loan is both well secured and in the process
of collection, or when in the opinion of management, full collection of
principal or interest is unlikely. Generally, consumer loans are not placed on a
nonaccrual status inasmuch as they are generally charged off when they become
120 days past due.

Other real estate owned is carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value.
Real estate may be considered to be in substance foreclosed and included herein
when specific criteria are met. When property is acquired through foreclosure,
or substantially foreclosed, any excess of the related loan balance over net
realizable value is charged to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent write
downs or losses upon sale, if any, are charged to other real estate expense.

Amounts Paid in Excess of Net Assets of Acquired Businesses (Goodwill) - The
Company assesses the recoverability of this intangible asset by determining
whether the amortization of the goodwill balance over its remaining life can be
recovered through undiscounted future operating cash flows of the acquired
operation. The amount of goodwill impairment, if any, is measured based on
projected discounted future operating cash flows using a discount rate
reflecting the Company's average cost of funds.

Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments - In the ordinary course of business,
the Company has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments consisting
of commitments to extend credit, commercial letters of credit, and standby
letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded in the consolidated
financial statements when they become payable.

The credit risk associated with these commitments is considered in management's
determination of the allowance for loan losses.

Interest Rate Exchange Contracts and Cap and Floor Agreements - The Company
enters into interest rate exchange contracts (swaps) and cap and floor
agreements in the management of interest rate risk. The objective of these
financial instruments is to match estimated repricing periods of
interest-sensitive assets and liabilities in order to reduce interest rate
exposure. These instruments are used only to hedge asset and liability
portfolios and are not used for speculative purposes. Therefore, these
instruments are not marked to market. Fees associated with these financial
instruments are accreted into interest income or amortized to interest expense
on a straight-line basis over the lives of the contracts and agreements. Gains
or losses on early termination of a swap are amortized on the remaining term of
the contract when the underlying assets or liabilities still exist. Otherwise,
such gains or losses are fully expensed or recorded as income at the termination
of the contract. The net interest received or paid on these contracts is
reflected on a current basis in the interest expense or income related to the
hedged obligation or asset.

Statements of Cash Flows - For purposes of the statements of cash flows, the
Company considers due from banks to be cash equivalents.

                                   47
<PAGE>   50

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


The Company paid interest of $156.1 million, $120.8 million, and $125.5 million,
respectively, and income taxes of $27.9 million, $26.3 million, and $16.9
million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992.
Loans transferred to other real estate owned totaled $3.3 million, $1.2 million,
and $4.9 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and
1992.

Income Taxes - Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of
Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, and has reported the cumulative
effect of that change in the method of accounting for income taxes in the 1993
consolidated statement of income. Under the asset and liability method of
Statement No. 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Under Statement No. 109, the effect on
deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date.

Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - The Company has a defined benefit
pension plan covering substantially all of its employees. The benefits are based
on years of service and employees' compensation levels. The cost of this program
is being funded currently. The Company has other trustee retirement plans
covering all qualified employees who have at least one year of service (see note
12).

The Company sponsors a defined benefit health care plan for substantially all
retirees and employees. Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement
No. 106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions,
which establishes a new accounting principle for the cost of retiree health care
and other postretirement benefits (see note 12). Prior to 1993, the Company
recognized these benefits on the pay-as-you-go method (i.e., cash basis). The
cumulative effect of the change in method of accounting for postretirement
benefits other than pensions is reported in the 1993 consolidated statement of
income.

Trust Assets - Assets held by the Company in a fiduciary or agency capacity for
customers are not included in the consolidated financial statements as such
items are not assets of the Company.

Stock Options - Proceeds from the sale of stock issued under options are
credited to common stock. The Company makes no charges against earnings with
respect to stock options issued under its qualified stock option plan. The
Company charges income for the difference between the option price and market
value on the date of grant with respect to stock options issued under its
nonqualified stock option plan.

Net Income Per Common Share - Net income per common share is based on the
weighted average outstanding common shares during each year, including common
stock equivalents, if applicable.

Stock Split - On December 18, 1992, the Company's Board of Directors approved a
two-for-one split of the common stock. This action was effective on January 26,
1993 for shareholders of record as of January 5, 1993. A total of 6,139,227
shares of common stock were issued and recorded in the form of a stock dividend.
All references to the number of common shares and per common share amounts have
been restated to reflect the split.

Accounting Standard Not Adopted - In May 1993, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Statement No. 114, Accounting by Creditors for
Impairment of a Loan.  Statement No. 114 requires that impaired loans be
measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at
the loan's effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan's
observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is
collateral dependent.  Statement No. 114 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 1994. Management does not expect Statement No. 114
to have a significant impact on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

                                   48
<PAGE>   51

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


2. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS

On January 14, 1994, the Company and National Bancorp of Arizona Inc. (NBA)
consummated their agreement and plan of reorganization whereby the Company
issued 1,456,408 shares of its common stock for 100 percent of the outstanding
common stock of NBA. The consolidated financial statements of the Company give
effect to the merger, which has been accounted for as a pooling of interests.
Accordingly, the accounts of NBA have been combined with those of the Company
for all periods presented. Separate results of operations of the combining
entities for 1993 and 1992 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    1993
                                                        -------------------------------
                                                            Historical
                                                        --------------------
                                                        Company        NBA     Combined
                                                        --------      ------   --------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>       <C>
                  Net interest income                   $156,817      17,840    174,657
                  Net income                              53,039       5,166     58,205
                  Net income per common share               4.15        1.57       4.08


<CAPTION>
                                                                        1992
                                                        -------------------------------
                                                               Historical
                                                        --------------------
                                                        Company        NBA     Combined
                                                        --------      ------   --------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>       <C>
                  Net interest income                   $144,032      13,250    157,282
                  Net income                              43,402       3,807     47,209
                  Net income per common share               3.52        1.17       3.42
</TABLE>

Also during 1994, the Company acquired Rio Salado Bancorp (Rio) for 328,000
shares of common stock. This acquisition was not material to the Company's
consolidated financial position and was accounted for as a purchase. The
difference between the purchase price and the net book value of Rio of $7.6
million is included in goodwill.

On August 11, 1993, the Company acquired all of the capital stock of Discount
Corporation of New York (Discount) for approximately $65.7 million in cash. The
acquisition has been accounted for as a purchase. The difference between the
purchase price and the net book value of Discount of $9.4 million ($8 million as
of December 31, 1994) is included in deferred tax assets (grouped with other
assets) in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

On October 29, 1993, Wasatch Bancorp (Wasatch) was merged into the Company. The
Company issued 373,335 shares of its common stock for 100 percent of the
outstanding common stock of Wasatch. The acquisition has been accounted for as a
pooling of interests. The consolidated financial statements of the Company for
1993 and 1992 have not been restated inasmuch as the historical operations of
Wasatch are not significant to the Company. Also, during 1993, the Company
acquired a 25 percent interest in Bennington Capital Management, Inc., a
Seattle-based investment advisor which manages the AccessorTM family of mutual
funds. This acquisition is accounted for on the equity method.

3. INVESTMENT SECURITIES

Investment securities as of December 31, 1994, are summarized as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                Held-to-maturity
                                                                    ------------------------------------------
                                                                                  Gross      Gross     Esti-
                                                                                  unreal-   unreal-    mated
                                                                      Amort-       ized      ized      market
                                                                    ized cost      gains    losses     value
                                                                    ---------     ------    -------    -------
         <S>                                                        <C>           <C>       <C>      <C>
         U.S. government agencies and corporations:
             Small Business Administration loan-backed securities   $  460,163     2,479     3,329     459,313
             Other agency securities                                   271,440        73     9,369     262,144
         States and political subdivisions                             243,225     1,763     2,234     242,754
                                                                    ----------     -----    ------   ---------
                                                                       974,828     4,315    14,932     964,211
         Mortgage-backed securities                                     56,079        22     1,514      54,587
                                                                    ----------     -----    ------   ---------
                                                                    $1,030,907     4,337    16,446   1,018,798
                                                                    ==========     =====    ======   =========


                                     49


</TABLE>
<PAGE>   52

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                
                                                                                          Available-for-sale
                                                                                --------------------------------------
                                                                                            Gross     Gross     Esti-
                                                                                            unreal-   unreal-   mated
                                                                                 Amort-     ized      ized      market 
                                                                                ized cost   gains     losses    value
                                                                                ---------  -------    ------   -------
         <S>                                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>
         U.S. Treasury securities                                                 $48,269       51     1,143     47,177
         U.S. government agencies                                                  33,304        -         -     33,304
                                                                                ---------  -------    ------    -------  
                                                                                   81,573       51     1,143     80,481
         Mortgage-backed securities                                                55,560        9     1,235     54,334

         Equity securities:
           Mutual funds:
             Accessor Funds, Inc.                                                 118,803        -     7,274    111,529
             Other                                                                    534        -         -        534
           Federal Home Loan Bank stock                                            65,861        -         -     65,861
           Other stock                                                              2,785       76        22      2,839
                                                                                ---------  -------    ------    ------- 
                                                                                 $325,116      136     9,674    315,578
                                                                                =========  =======    ======    =======
 
</TABLE>

The Company adopted Statement No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in
Debt and Equity Securities on December 31, 1993. The Company recognized a net
unrealized holding loss on securities available-for-sale of $5,866,000, after
related tax effect, at December 31, 1994 and an unrealized holding gain on
securities available-for-sale of $415,000, after related tax effect, at December
31, 1993.

Investment securities as of December 31, 1993, are summarized as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Held-to-maturity
                                                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                                           Gross    Gross     Esti-
                                                                                           unreal-  unreal-   mated
                                                                                 Amort-     ized     ized     market
                                                                               ized cost   gains    losses     value
                                                                              ----------   -------  ------   --------
            <S>                                                                <C>         <C>       <C>     <C>
            U.S. government agencies and corporations:
                Small Business Administration loan-backed securities           $ 399,603    12,640     397    411,846
                Other agency securities                                          157,098       709     263    157,544
            States and political subdivisions                                    196,241     2,660     237    198,664
                                                                               ---------   -------  ------   --------
                                                                                 752,942    16,009     897    768,054
            Mortgage-backed securities                                            60,318     1,715       -     62,033
                                                                               ---------   -------  ------   --------
                                                                               $ 813,260    17,724     897    830,087
                                                                               =========   =======  ======   ========
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Available-for-sale
                                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                                           Gross    Gross     Esti-
                                                                                  Amort-   unreal-  unreal-   mated
                                                                                   ized    ized      ized     market
                                                                                   cost    gains    losses    value
                                                                               ---------   -------  ------   -------
            <S>                                                                <C>         <C>       <C>     <C>
            U.S. Treasury securities                                            $ 70,263       314      65     70,512
            U.S. government agencies                                              61,107        25      55     61,077
                                                                               ---------   -------  ------    -------
                                                                                 131,370       339     120    131,589
            Mortgage-backed securities                                            49,493        53     183     49,363
            Equity securities:
               Mutual funds:
                  Accessor Funds, Inc.                                            90,736       509       -     91,245
                  Other                                                              515         -       -        515
               Federal Home Loan Bank stock                                       72,376         -       -     72,376
               Other stock                                                         2,194        90      26      2,258
                                                                               ---------   -------  ------    -------
                                                                               $ 346,684       991     329    347,346
                                                                               =========   =======  ======    =======

</TABLE>


                                    50



<PAGE>   53

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


The amortized cost and estimated market value of investment securities as of
December 31, 1994, by contractual maturity, excluding mortgage-backed and equity
securities, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual
maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or repay obligations
with or without call or prepayment penalties (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 Held-to-maturity
                                                                              ---------------------
                                                                                 Amort-   Estimated
                                                                                  ized       market
                                                                                  cost       value
                                                                              ----------   --------
                  <S>                                                         <C>          <C>
                  Due in one year or less                                     $   98,563     98,405
                  Due after one year through five years                          504,733    495,716
                  Due after five years through ten years                         201,487    200,340
                  Due after ten years                                            170,045    169,750
                                                                              ----------   --------
                                                                              $  974,828    964,211
                                                                              ==========   ========

<CAPTION>                                                                      Available-for-sale
                                                                              --------------------
                                                                                 Amort-  Estimated
                                                                                 ized      market
                                                                                 cost      value
                                                                              ---------  ---------
                  <S>                                                         <C>           <C>
                  Due in one year or less                                     $  66,160     65,677
                  Due after one year through five years                          15,188     14,579
                  Due after five years through ten years                              -          -
                  Due after ten years                                               225        225
                                                                              ---------  ---------
                                                                              $  81,573     80,481
                                                                              =========  =========

</TABLE>

Gross gains of $367,000, $104,000, and $468,000 and gross losses of $666,000,
$121,000, and $141,000 were realized on sales of investment securities for the
years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively. Such amounts
include gains of $102,000, $10,000, and $105,000, and losses of $66,000,
$32,000, and $17,000, respectively, for sales of mortgage-backed securities.

As of December 31, 1994 and 1993, securities with an amortized cost of
$210,149,000 and $110,262,000, respectively, were pledged to secure public and
trust deposits, advances, and for other purposes as required by law. In
addition, the Federal Home Loan Bank stock is pledged as security on the related
advances (note 7).

4. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES

Loans are summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                1994           1993
                                                                              ----------    ---------
                  <S>                                                         <C>           <C>
                  Loans held for sale                                         $  108,649      238,206
                  Commercial, financial, and agricultural                        495,647      511,982
                  Real estate:
                     Construction                                                218,244      213,114
                     Other                                                     1,062,423    1,022,888
                  Consumer                                                       391,033      378,679
                  Lease financing                                                129,547      130,450
                  Other receivables                                               10,509       12,857
                                                                              ----------    ---------
                                                                              $2,416,052    2,508,176
                                                                              ==========    =========

</TABLE>

As of December 31, 1994 and 1993, loans with a carrying value of $121,886,000
and $302,530,000, respectively, were pledged as security for Federal Home Loan
Bank advances (note 7).

During 1994, 1993, and 1992, the Company purchased mortgage servicing rights
totaling $590 thousand, $1.7 million, and $1.4 million, respectively.
Amortization of purchased mortgage servicing rights totaled $1.7 million, $2.6
million, and $2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively.


                                     51
<PAGE>   54
                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

During 1994, 1993, and 1992, consumer and other loan securitizations totaled
$703 million, $609 million, and $159 million, respectively. Loan sales income
related thereto is recognized on the basis of cash flows received from the
securitized assets. Loan sales income, excluding servicing, amounted to $11.7
million in 1994, $14.7 million in 1993, and $1.7 million in 1992.

The allowance for loan losses is summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                 1994         1993        1992
                                                                                -------      ------     -------
                  <S>                                                           <C>          <C>        <C>
                  Balance at beginning of year                                  $68,461      59,807      58,238
                  Allowance for loan losses of companies acquired                 1,308         546           -
                  Additions:
                     Provision for loan losses                                    2,181       2,993      10,929
                     Recoveries                                                   6,729      13,919       9,571
                  Deduction, loan charge-offs                                   (11,661)     (8,804)    (18,931)
                                                                                -------      ------     -------
                  Balance at end of year                                        $67,018      68,461      59,807
                                                                                =======      ======     =======
</TABLE>

Included in the allowance for loan losses is an allocation for unused
commitments and letters of credit (note 9) that as of December 31, 1994 and
1993, amounted to $3,674,000 and $1,972,000, respectively.

Nonperforming loans, leases, and related interest foregone are summarized as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  1994        1993         1992
                                                                                -------      ------       ------
                  <S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>
                  Nonaccrual loans and leases                                   $13,635      23,364       21,556
                  Restructured loans and leases                                     567       4,006        4,003
                                                                                -------      ------       ------
                      Total                                                     $14,202      27,370       25,559
                  Contractual interest due                                      =======      ======       ======
                                                                                $ 1,766       3,051        2,384
                  Interest recognized                                               416         820        1,040
                      Net interest foregone                                     -------      ------       ------
                                                                                $ 1,350       2,231        1,344
                                                                                =======      ======       ======
</TABLE>


5. DEPOSITS

Deposits are summarized as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                   1994        1993
                                                                                ----------   ---------
                  <S>                                                           <C>          <C>
                  Noninterest-bearing                                           $  885,833     879,908
                  Interest-bearing:
                     Savings                                                       756,196     711,806
                     Money market                                                1,292,519   1,155,677
                     Time under $100,000                                           513,841     535,456
                     Time over $100,000                                            123,455      80,879
                     Foreign                                                       134,132      68,563
                                                                                ----------   ---------
                                                                                $3,705,976   3,432,289
                                                                                ==========   =========
</TABLE>

Interest expense on deposits is summarized as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 1994         1993         1992
                                                                                -------      ------       ------
                  <S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>
                  Savings and money market deposits:                            
                     Savings                                                    $22,262      19,222       17,396
                     Money market                                               $39,938      31,109       34,705
                                                                                -------      ------       ------
                                                                                $62,200      50,331       52,101
                  Time deposits:                                                =======      ======       ======
                     Under $100,000                                             $20,469      23,501       33,555
                     Over $100,000                                              $ 3,845       3,010        4,419
                  Foreign                                                       $ 4,444       1,484        3,635
                                                                                -------      ------       ------
                                                                                $28,758      27,995       41,609
                                                                                =======      ======       ======

</TABLE>


                                     52

<PAGE>   55

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

6. INCOME TAXES

The Company adopted Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, as of
January 1, 1993.  The cumulative effect of this adoption was an increase in net
income of $7,419,000, as reported in 1993.

Income taxes are summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 1994       1993       1992
                                                                               --------    ------     ------
                  <S>                                                          <C>         <C>        <C>
                  Federal:
                     Current                                                   $ 23,448    25,144     19,992
                     Deferred (benefit)                                           3,486    (1,832)      (431)
                  State                                                           3,966     3,936      3,363
                                                                               --------    ------     ------
                                                                               $ 30,900    27,248     22,924
                                                                               ========    ======     ======

</TABLE>

A reconciliation between income tax expense computed using the statutory federal
income tax rate (35 percent in 1994 and 1993, and 34 percent in 1992), and
actual income tax expense is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                  1994       1993       1992
                                                                               --------     ------     ------
                  <S>                                                          <C>          <C>        <C>
                  Income tax expense at statutory federal rate                 $ 33,154     29,328     23,840
                  State income tax, net                                           2,578      2,414      2,214
                  Nondeductible expenses                                            882        174        621
                  Nontaxable interest                                            (3,900)    (2,741)    (2,606)
                  Tax credits                                                      (885)      (586)         -
                  Deferred tax assets realized                                     (972)    (1,137)    (1,148)
                  Other items                                                        43       (204)         3
                                                                               --------     ------     ------
                        Income tax expense                                     $ 30,900     27,248     22,924
                                                                               ========     ======     ======

</TABLE>

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions
of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as of December 31, 1994
and 1993, are presented below (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                  1994        1993
                                                                                -------     -------
                  <S>                                                           <C>        <C>
                  Gross deferred tax assets:
                     Book loan loss deduction in excess of tax                  $25,741     25,103
                     Postretirement benefits                                      2,377      2,399
                     Deferred compensation                                        3,619      1,626
                     Deferred loan sales                                          1,424          -
                     Present value of interest rate exchange contract               226      1,103
                     Capital leases                                                 700        842
                     Net capital loss carryforwards                                   -        972
                     Acquired net operating losses                                7,977      9,367
                     Other                                                        2,769      3,617
                                                                                 ------     ------
                                                                                 44,833     45,029

                  Less valuation allowance                                            -        972
                                                                                 ------     ------
                       Total deferred tax assets                                 44,833     44,057
                  Gross deferred tax liabilities:                                ------     ------
                     Premises and equipment, due to differences in
                       depreciation                                              (4,647)    (4,033)
                     FHLB stock dividends                                        (8,713)    (8,372)
                     Leasing operations                                         (10,614)   (12,158)
                     Other                                                       (1,957)      (134)
                                                                                -------    -------
                       Total deferred tax liabilities                           (25,931)   (24,697)
                                                                                -------    -------
                  Statement No. 115 market equity adjustment                      3,672       (247)
                                                                                -------    -------
                       Net deferred tax assets                                  $22,574     19,113
                                                                                =======    =======


</TABLE>

                                     53

<PAGE>   56
                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some
portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of January 1, 1993,
the Company established a valuation allowance for the net capital loss
carryforwards as a result of some uncertainty of realizing offsetting capital
gains. Subsequently, the Company realized capital gains sufficient to reduce the
valuation allowance by $972,000 in 1994 and $1,137,000 in 1993.

The Company has net operating loss carryforwards totaling $27,535,000 that
expire in the years 2006 and 2007.

7. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings as of December 31, 1994 and
1993, include $101,571,000 and $252,109,000, respectively, borrowed by Zions
First National Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary, (the Bank) under its line of
credit with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle. The line of credit provides
for borrowing of amounts up to ten percent of total assets. The line of credit
is secured under a blanket pledge whereby the Bank maintains unencumbered
security with par value, which has been adjusted using a pledge requirement
percentage based upon the types of securities pledged, equal to at least 100
percent of outstanding advances, and, Federal Home Loan Bank stock. There are no
withdrawal and usage restrictions or compensating balance requirements.

Substantially all Federal Home Loan Bank advances reprice with changes in market
interest rates or have short terms to maturity. The carrying value of such
indebtedness is deemed to approximate market value (note 15).

Maturities of outstanding advances in excess of one year are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Amount
                                                   -------
                  <S>                              <C>
                  1995                             $ 16,373
                  1996                               16,323
                  1997                               16,255
                  1998                               16,258
                  1999                               16,262
                  Thereafter                         20,100
                                                   --------
                                                   $101,571
                                                   ========

</TABLE>

8. LONG-TERM DEBT

Long-term debt is summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                   1994       1993
                                                                                -------     ------
          <S>                                                                   <C>         <C>
          Subordinated notes                                                    $54,000     54,000
          Industrial revenue bonds                                                  800      1,550
          Capitalized real property leases, 9-1/2% to 21%, payable in
             aggregate monthly installments of approximately $89,000              2,682      3,378
          Mortgage notes, 7-1/2% to 11-1/8%, due in varying amounts  
             and periods                                                            185        265
          Other notes payable                                                       515        394
                                                                                -------     ------
                                                                                $58,182     59,587
                                                                                =======     ======
</TABLE>

Subordinated notes includes $50,000,000 of 8-5/8 percent notes that mature in
2002. These notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. In addition, the Company
has $4,000,000 of 9 percent subordinated notes that mature in full on November
1, 1998 and may be called, at the option of the Company, on or after November 1,
1996 at par. The subordinated notes are unsecured and require semiannual
interest payments.

The industrial revenue bonds require mandatory sinking fund redemption in
various principal amounts through 1995. The bonds bear interest at a rate of
7.50 percent. The bonds are secured by an assignment of a lease on a banking
facility.


                                   54

<PAGE>   57
                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Maturities and sinking fund requirements on long-term debt for each of the
succeeding five years are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                      Consoli-    Parent
                                                       dated       only
                                                      -------     ------
                  <S>                                 <C>          <C>
                  1995                                $1,805       1,469
                  1996                                 1,111         715
                  1997                                   215           5
                  1998                                 4,133       4,000
                  1999                                    94           -
</TABLE>

9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in
the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers and
to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial
instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit,
interest rate caps and floors, interest rate exchange contracts, and commitments
to purchase and sell securities. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees,
elements of credit, market, and interest rate risk in excess of the amount
recognized in the balance sheets. The Company's exposure to credit loss in the
event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for
commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the
contractual notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same
credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for
on-balance sheet instruments. For interest rate caps, floors, and exchange
contract transactions, the contract or notional amounts do not represent
exposure to credit loss. The Company controls the credit risk of these
transactions through credit approvals, limits, and monitoring procedures.

Unless noted otherwise, the Company does not require collateral or other
security to support financial instruments with credit risk.

Notional values of financial instruments are summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                  Notional or
                                                                                                carrying amount
                                                                                             ----------------------
                                                                                               1994            1993
                                                                                             ----------    --------
                  <S>                                                                        <C>           <C>
                  Financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit
                     risk (in thousands):
                     Unused commitments to extend credit                                     $1,152,351    1,027,401
                     Standby letters of credit written:
                        Performance                                                              55,951       50,598
                        Financial                                                                19,621       23,582
                     Commercial letters of credit                                                 3,233        4,436
                     Commitments to purchase securities                                       1,124,745       89,208
                     Commitments to sell securities                                           1,275,025       83,902

</TABLE>


Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may
require payment of a fee.

Commitments totaling $936,671,000 expire in 1995. Since many of the commitments
are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do
not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each
customer's credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral
obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based
on management's credit evaluation of the counter party. Collateral held varies
but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment,
and income-producing commercial properties.


                                    55
<PAGE>   58
                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Standby letters of credit written are conditional commitments issued by the
Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those
guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing
arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar
transactions. Standby letters of credit include commitments in the amount of
$73,980,000 expiring in 1995 and $1,592,000 expiring thereafter through 2005.
The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as
that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company generally
holds marketable securities and cash equivalents as collateral supporting those
commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary.

The Company enters into interest rate contracts, including interest rate caps,
floors, futures, options, and interest rate exchange contract agreements in
managing its interest rate exposure. Interest rate caps and floors obligate one
of the parties to the contract to make payments to the other if an interest rate
index exceeds a specified upper "capped" level or if the index falls below a
specified "floor" level. A futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a
quantity of a financial instrument or commodity at a predetermined future date
and rate or price. An option contract is an agreement that conveys to the
purchaser the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a quantity of a
financial instrument or commodity at a predetermined rate or price at a time in
the future. Interest rate exchange contract agreements involve the exchange of
fixed and variable rate interest payments based upon a notional amount and
maturity. Interest rate caps and exchange contracts to which the Company is a
party at December 31, 1994, have remaining terms of 5 to 20 years and 2 to 68
months, respectively. The fair value of interest rate contracts are obtained
from deal quotes, or discounted cash flow analyses. The values represent the
estimated amount the Company would receive or pay for comparable contracts,
taking into account current interest rates. Notional values of interest rate
contracts are summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                          1994        1993
                                                        --------    -------
                  <S>                                   <C>         <C>
                  Interest rate contracts:
                     Swaps - fixed                      $330,000     40,000
                     Futures                               1,100          -
                     Options                             145,000          -
                     Caps:
                        Purchased                         25,000     28,417
                        Written                          785,000    261,617

</TABLE>

The contract or notional amount of financial instruments indicates a level of
activity associated with a particular class of financial instrument and is not a
reflection of the actual level of risk. As of December 31, 1994 and 1993, the
regulatory risk-weighted values assigned to all off-balance sheet financial
instruments described herein totaled $177,347,000 and $134,315,000,
respectively. See note 4 for consideration of financial instruments in
management's determination of the allowance for loan losses.

During 1988, a lawsuit was brought in the United States District Court, Utah
District, against the Bank in connection with its performance of duties as an
indenture trustee for certain investors in real estate and other syndication
projects. In September 1992, a motion was granted allowing an amended complaint
containing allegations that plaintiffs intend to proceed as a class action to
recover approximately $23 million, prejudgment interest, attorneys' fees, and
additional amounts under certain statutory provisions and common law. No motion
to certify the classes has been filed, and the Bank intends to vigorously oppose
such motion and to defend the entire action. Although no assurances can be given
as to the outcome, the Company continues to believe that it has meritorious
defenses to such lawsuit, and that there is insurance coverage for a substantial
portion of the amount claimed.

The Company is also the defendant in various other legal proceedings arising in
the normal course of business. The Company does not believe that the outcome of
any of such proceedings, including the lawsuit discussed in the preceding
paragraph, will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
position.

In connection with loans sold to (or serviced for) others, the Company is
subject to recourse obligations on approximately $22.5 million as of December
31, 1994.


                                     56

<PAGE>   59

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company has commitments for leasing premises and equipment under the terms
of noncancelable leases expiring from 1994 to 2005. Future aggregate minimum
rental payments under existing noncancelable leases at December 31, 1994 are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                            Real      Real property
                                          property,     and equip-
                                           capital-      ment,
                                            ized       operating
                                          ---------   -------------
                    <S>                      <C>            <C>
                    1995                     $  383         4,178
                    1996                        571         3,290
                    1997                        278         2,741
                    1998                        222         2,204
                    1999                        171         1,652
                    Thereafter                1,164         6,367
                                          ---------   -------------
                                             $2,789        20,432
                                          =========   =============

</TABLE>

Future aggregate minimum rental payments have been reduced by noncancelable
subleases as follows: 1995, $689,000; 1996, $485,000; and 1997, $4,000.
Aggregate rental expense on operating leases amounted to $4,841,000, $3,946,000,
and $3,335,000 for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively.

10. STOCK OPTIONS

The Company has a qualified stock option plan adopted in 1981, under which stock
options are granted to key employees; and a nonqualified plan under which
options are granted to certain key employees. Under the nonqualified plan,
options expire five to ten years from the date of grant. Under the qualified
plan, 506,000 shares of common stock were reserved. Qualified options are
granted at a price not less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the
stock at the date of grant. Options granted are generally exercisable in
increments from one to six years after the date of grant and expire six years
after the date of grant.

Transactions and other information relating to stock options are summarized as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                Number of     Option price
                                                                                 shares        per share
                                                                                ---------     ----------------
                  <S>                                                           <C>           <C>
                  Options granted during:
                     1994                                                        104,250      $38.50 to $39.75
                     1993                                                          2,000                $47.25
                     1992                                                        216,000      $10.00 to $24.13

                  Options exercised during:
                     1994                                                         45,450      $15.00 to $24.13
                     1993                                                        124,491      $10.00 to $24.13
                     1992                                                        116,328      $10.50 to $24.13

                  Options canceled during:
                     1994                                                          6,418      $18.33 to $39.75
                     1993                                                          2,912      $10.00 to $24.13
                     1992                                                          6,000                $13.25

                  Options expiring during:
                     1994                                                              -                     -
                     1993                                                         22,750      $12.50 to $14.75
                     1992                                                         34,724                $13.25

                  Options outstanding at December 31:
                     1994                                                        393,821       $9.47 to $47.25
                     1993                                                        341,439       $9.47 to $47.25
                     1992                                                        489,592       $9.47 to $24.13

                  Options outstanding at December 31:
                     1994                                                        393,821       $9.47 to $47.25
                     1993                                                        341,439       $9.47 to $47.25
                     1992                                                        489,592       $9.47 to $24.13

</TABLE>
                                    57
                                       
<PAGE>   60

                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


As of December 31, 1994, there are 176,000 options exercisable at prices from
$9.47 to $47.25 per share. For the year ended December 31, 1994, shares obtained
through exercise of options had a cumulative average market value of $1,739,000
at the date of exercise.

11. COMMON STOCK

Changes in common stock are summarized as follows (amount in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                Common stock
                                                                          -----------------------
                                                                             Shares        Amount
                                                                          ----------    ---------
                  <S>                                                     <C>             <C>
                  Balance at December 31, 1991                            13,603,812      $60,383
                  Stock options:
                     Redeemed and retired                                    (14,820)           -
                     Exercised                                               116,328        1,221
                  Employee stock ownership plan                               13,242          283
                  Dividend reinvestments                                       8,982          191
                                                                          ----------      -------
                  Balance at December 31, 1992                            13,727,544       62,078
                  Stock options:
                     Redeemed and retired                                    (24,003)           -
                     Exercised                                               124,491          893
                  Acquisition                                                373,335        3,286
                                                                          ----------      -------
                  Balance at December 31, 1993                            14,201,367       66,257
                  Stock options:
                     Redeemed and retired                                    (15,265)           -
                     Exercised                                                45,450          443
                  Acquisition                                                328,000       12,493
                                                                          ----------      -------
                  Balance at December 31, 1994                            14,559,552      $79,193
                                                                          ==========      =======

</TABLE>

12. RETIREMENT PLANS

The Company has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for eligible
employees. Plan benefits are based on years of service and employees'
compensation levels. Benefits vest under the plan upon completion of five years
of service. Plan assets consist principally of corporate equity and debt
securities, government fixed income securities, and cash investments.

The components of the net pension cost for the years ended December 31, 1994 and
1993, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  1994      1993
                                                                                ------     ------
                  <S>                                                           <C>        <C>
                  Service cost - benefits earned during the period              $2,385      1,763
                  Interest cost on projected benefit obligation                  2,908      2,715
                  Actual return on assets                                         (794)    (2,293)
                  Net amortization and deferrals                                (2,640)      (922)
                                                                                ------     ------
                        Net pension cost                                        $1,859      1,263
                                                                                ======     ======

</TABLE>

                                 58

<PAGE>   61
                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


Primary actuarial assumptions used in determining the net pension cost are as
follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  1993        1992
                                                                               ---------    --------
<S>                                                                            <C>          <C>
                  Assumed discount rate                                           7.50%       8.00
                  Assumed rate of increase in compensation levels                 5.00        5.50
                  Expected long-term rate of return on assets                     9.50        9.50

The funded status of the plan as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, is as follows
(in thousands):

                                                                                  1994        1993
                                                                               ---------    --------
                  Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:

                      Vested benefit obligation                                $(31,092)    (31,225)
                                                                               =========    ========
                      Accumulated benefit obligation                           $(33,972)    (35,703)
                                                                               =========    ========
                  Projected benefit obligation                                 $(38,269)    (39,676)
                  Plan assets at fair value                                      36,208      35,790
                                                                               ---------    --------
                  Unfunded projected benefit obligation                          (2,061)     (3,886)
                  Unrecognized net loss                                           8,391      10,830
                  Unrecognized prior service cost                                (1,290)     (1,120)
                  Unrecognized net transition asset                              (2,931)     (3,556)
                                                                               ---------    --------
                  Prepaid pension cost                                            2,109       2,268
                  Primary actuarial assumptions (future periods):              =========    ========

                     Assumed discount rate                                         8.75%       7.50
                     Assumed rate of increase in compensation levels               5.00        5.00
</TABLE>

In addition to the Company's defined benefit pension plan, the Company sponsors
a defined benefit health care plan that provides postretirement medical benefits
to full-time employees hired before January 1, 1993, who meet minimum age and
service requirements. The plan is contributory, with retiree contributions
adjusted annually, and contains other cost-sharing features such as deductibles
and coinsurance. Plan coverage is provided by self-funding or health maintenance
organizations (HMOs) options. The accounting for the plan anticipates future
cost-sharing changes to the written plan, including the Company's expressed
intent to increase the retiree contribution rate annually from 30 percent and 40
percent in 1993 for normal and early retirees, respectively, to 50 percent for
both in 1996. The Company's retiree premium contribution rate is frozen at 50
percent of 1996 dollar amounts. The Company's policy is to fund the cost of
medical benefits in amounts determined at the discretion of management.

The Company adopted Statement No. 106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions, as of January 1, 1993.  The cumulative effect of
this adoption was an after-tax decrease in net income of $5,760,000, as reported
in 1993.


                                       59
<PAGE>   62


                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


The following table presents the plan's funded status reconciled with amounts
recognized in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 1994 and
1993, as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                1994      1993
                                                                                             --------   -------
<S>                                                                                          <C>        <C>
         Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
             Retirees                                                                        $(2,693)   (2,773)
             Fully eligible active plan participants                                          (1,779)   (1,693)
             Other active plan participants                                                     (705)     (682)
                                                                                             --------   -------
                                                                                              (5,177)   (5,148)

         Plan assets at fair value                                                                 -         -
                                                                                             --------   -------
         Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of plan assets               (5,177)   (5,148)
         Unrecognized net gain                                                                (1,039)   (1,122)
                                                                                             --------   -------
         Accrued postretirement benefit cost included in other liabilities

                                                                                             $(6,216)   (6,270)
                                                                                             ========   =======
Net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 1994 and 1993 includes the
following components ( in thousands):

                                                                                                1994      1993
                                                                                             --------   -------
         Service cost                                                                        $   164       141
         Interest cost                                                                           372       368
         Net amortization                                                                       (224)        -
                                                                                             --------   -------
                Net periodic postretirement benefit cost                                     $   312       509
                                                                                             ========   =======
</TABLE>

For measurement purposes, an annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of
covered benefits (i.e., health care cost trend rate) of 11.55 percent and 9
percent were assumed for the self-funded and HMOs options, respectively, for
1994. The HMOs rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 5 percent by the year
2000 and remain at that level thereafter. The self-funded rate was assumed to
decrease gradually to 5.8 percent by the year 2001, and decline to 5.01 percent
over the remaining life expectancy of the participants. The health care cost
trend rate assumption does not have a significant effect on amounts reported
because the Company has capped its retiree premium contribution rates.

The weighted-average discount rate used in determining the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation was 8.75 and 7.50 percent, respectively, at
December 31, 1994 and 1993.

The Company has an Employee Stock Savings Plan and an Employee Investment
Savings Plan (formerly known as the Salary Reduction Arrangement Plan)
(PAYSHELTER). Under PAYSHELTER, employees select from a nontax-deferred or
tax-deferred plan and four investment alternatives. Employees can contribute
from 1 to 15 percent of compensation, which is matched 50 percent by the Company
for contributions up to 5 percent and 25 percent for contributions greater than
5 percent up to 10 percent. Contributions to the plans amounted to $1,319,000,
$1,176,000, and $793,000 for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively.

During 1992, the Company formed an employee profit sharing plan. Contributions
to the plan are determined per a formula based on the Company's annual return on
equity (required minimum return of 14 percent). Contributions to the plan
amounted to $1,096,000, $948,000, and $914,000 for the years ended December 31,
1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.


                                       60
<PAGE>   63


                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


13. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION  (UNAUDITED)

Financial information by quarter for the three years ended December 31, 1994 is
as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                Net
                                                                                  Provi-      Income            income
                                                                         Net     sion for     before             per
                                                                       interest    loan       income     Net    common
                                                                        income    losses       taxes    income   share
                                                                      ---------  --------    --------   ------  ------
<S>                                                                   <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>      <C>
                  1994:
                    First quarter                                     $ 44,801      290       18,416    12,438    .87
                    Second quarter                                      48,741      467       24,743    16,418   1.12
                    Third quarter                                       51,859      440       26,789    17,665   1.20
                    Fourth quarter                                      53,205      984       24,779    17,306   1.18
                                                                      --------   ------      -------    ------  -----
                                                                      $198,606    2,181       94,727    63,827   4.37
                                                                      ========   ======      =======    ======  =====
                  1993:
                    First quarter                                     $ 41,092    1,365       13,428    10,746    .75
                    Second quarter                                      44,813      408       24,729    16,636   1.17
                    Third quarter                                       43,795      482       22,684    15,397   1.08
                    Fourth quarter                                      44,957      738       22,953    15,426   1.08
                                                                      --------   ------     --------    ------  -----
                                                                      $174,657    2,993       83,794    58,205   4.08
                                                                      ========   ======     ========    ======  =====
                  1992:
                    First quarter                                     $ 35,486    4,135       11,293     8,331    .61
                    Second quarter                                      38,105    3,181       15,977    10,282    .74
                    Third quarter                                       40,664    2,003       19,908    13,131    .95
                    Fourth quarter                                      43,027    1,610       22,955    15,465   1.12
                                                                      --------   ------      -------    ------  -----
                                                                      $157,282   10,929       70,133    47,209   3.42
                                                                      ========   ======      =======    ======  =====
</TABLE>

14. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK

Credit risk represents the accounting loss that would be recognized at the
reporting date if counterparties failed completely to perform as contracted.
Concentration of credit risk (whether on or off balance sheet) that arise from
financial instruments exists for groups of customers or counterparties when they
have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet
contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other
conditions. The Company does not have significant exposure to any individual
customer or counterparty.

Most of the Company's business activity is with customers located within the
states of Utah, Nevada, and Arizona. The commercial loan portfolio is well
diversified, consisting of more than 17 industry classifications groupings. As
of December 31, 1994, the largest concentration of risk in the commercial loan
and leasing portfolio is represented by the manufacturing industry grouping,
which comprises approximately 17 percent of the portfolio. The manufacturing
industry grouping is also well diversified over several subcategories. The
Company has minimal credit exposure from lending transactions with highly
leveraged entities and has no foreign loans.



                                       61
<PAGE>   64


                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


15.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Carrying value and estimated fair value of principal financial instruments as of
December 31, 1994 are summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Carrying     Estimated
                                                                                   value      fair value
                                                                                ----------    ----------
<S>                                                                             <C>           <C>
                  Financial assets:
                     Cash and due from banks                                    $  316,943      316,943
                     Money market investments                                      403,446      403,446
                     Investment securities                                       1,663,433    1,651,212
                     Loans, net                                                  2,324,260    2,315,516
                                                                                ----------    ---------
                         Total financial assets                                 $4,708,082    4,687,117
                                                                                ==========    =========
                  Financial liabilities:
                     Demand, savings, and money market deposits                 $2,934,548    2,934,548
                     Time and foreign deposits                                     771,428      756,176
                     Federal funds purchased and security repurchase
                        agreements                                                 605,975      605,975
                     FHLB advances and other borrowings                            127,319      127,319
                     Long-term debt                                                 58,182       57,587
                                                                                ----------    ---------
                         Total financial liabilities                            $4,497,452    4,481,605
                                                                                ==========    =========
</TABLE>

Financial assets and financial liabilities other than investment securities of
the Company are not traded in active markets. The above estimates of fair value
require subjective judgments, and are approximate. Changes in the following
methodologies and assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.

Financial Assets - The estimated fair value approximates the carrying value of
cash and due from banks and money market investments. For securities, the fair
value is based on quoted market prices where available. If quoted market prices
are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable
instruments or using a discounted cash flow model based on established market
rates. The fair value of fixed rate loans is estimated by discounting future
cash flows using the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) yield curve adjusted
by a factor which reflects the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the
loan. Variable rate loans reprice with changes in market rates. As such their
carrying amounts are deemed to approximate fair value. The fair value of the
allowance for loan losses of $67,018,000 is the present value of estimated net
charge-offs.

Financial Liabilities - The estimated fair value of demand and savings deposits,
and federal funds purchased and security repurchase agreements approximates the
carrying value. The fair value of time and foreign deposits is estimated by
discounting future cash flows using the LIBOR yield curve. Substantially all
FHLB advances reprice with changes in market interest rates or have short terms
to maturity. The carrying value of such indebtedness is deemed to approximate
market value. Other borrowings are not significant. The estimated fair value of
the subordinated notes is based on a quoted market price. The remaining
long-term debt is not significant.

Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments - The carrying and fair values of
off-balance sheet financial instruments represented by interest rate exchange
contracts (swaps) and caps as of December 31, 1994 is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Carrying value    Fair value
                                                                                  --------------    ----------
                                                                                       asset         positive
                                                                                    (liability)     (negative)
                                                                                  --------------    ----------
<S>                                                                                  <C>              <C>
                  Swaps                                                              $     -          (3,405)
                  Futures and options                                                  1,158           1,158
                  Caps:

                     Purchased                                                           367             643
                     Written                                                          (7,393)        (10,085)
</TABLE>

The fair value of the swaps and caps reflects the estimated amounts that the
Company would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date
based upon pricing or valuation models applied to current market information,
thereby taking into account the current unrealized gains or losses of open
contracts.

                                       62
<PAGE>   65


                     ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


The fair value of commitments to extend credit and letters of credit, based on
fees currently charged for similar commitments, is not significant. See note 9
to the consolidated financial statements.

16. DIVIDEND RESTRICTION AND CONDENSED PARENT-ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Dividends declared by the Company's banking subsidiaries in any calendar year
may not, without the approval of the appropriate federal regulator, exceed their
net earnings for that year combined with their retained net earnings for the
preceding two years. At December 31, 1994, the Company's subsidiaries had
approximately $112,994,000 available for the payment of dividends under the
foregoing restrictions. In addition, the banking subsidiaries must meet various
requirements and restrictions under the laws of the United States and state
laws, including requirements to maintain cash reserves against deposits and
limitations on loans and investments with affiliated companies. During 1994,
cash reserve balances held with the Federal Reserve banks averaged approximately
$78.3 million.



                                       63
<PAGE>   66



                    Condensed financial information of Zions
                     Bancorporation (parent only) follows:

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                            Condensed Balance Sheets

                           December 31, 1994 and 1993

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

ASSETS                                                                               1994       1993
                                                                                  --------    -------
<S>                                                                               <C>         <C>
Cash and due from banks                                                           $  1,574      2,251
Interest-bearing deposits                                                            2,826        445
Investment securities                                                                  270        313
Loans, lease financing, and other receivables                                        2,373      3,787
Investments in subsidiaries:
  Commercial banks                                                                 386,853    335,137
  Other                                                                              4,601      3,531
Receivables from subsidiaries:
  Commercial banks                                                                  27,094     28,971
  Other                                                                                563         50
Real estate held for rental purposes, at cost, less accumulated depreciation         6,169      6,824
Premises and equipment, at cost, less accumulated depreciation                         132        150
Other real estate owned                                                                134        386
Other assets                                                                         7,618     11,144
                                                                                  --------    -------
                                                                                  $440,207    392,989
                                                                                  ========    =======

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Accrued liabilities                                                               $ 10,247     13,850
Short-term borrowings                                                                8,001      9,000
Long-term debt                                                                      56,189     57,547
                                                                                  --------    -------
     Total liabilities                                                              74,437     80,397
                                                                                  --------    -------
Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock                                                                        -          -
  Common stock                                                                      79,193     66,257
  Net unrealized holding gains and losses on securities available-for-sale         (5,866)        415
  Retained earnings                                                                292,443    245,920
                                                                                  --------    -------
     Total shareholders' equity                                                    365,770    312,592
                                                                                  --------    -------
                                                                                  $440,207    392,989
                                                                                  ========    =======
</TABLE>


                                       64
<PAGE>   67


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                         Condensed Statements of Income

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 1994      1993      1992
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
<S>                                                                                            <C>        <C>       <C>
Interest income - interest and fees on loans and securities                                    $ 3,035     4,278     2,905
Interest expense - interest on borrowed funds                                                    4,798     7,622     9,014
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
    Net interest loss                                                                           (1,763)   (3,344)   (6,109)
Other income:                                                                                  --------   -------   -------
   Dividends from consolidated subsidiaries:
     Commercial banks                                                                           21,528    17,766    13,982
     Other                                                                                           -     3,224       250
   Other income                                                                                  2,985     2,542     2,767
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
                                                                                                24,513    23,532    16,999
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------

Expenses:
   Salaries and employee benefits                                                                4,913     3,989     3,532
   Loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                              -     6,022         -
   Operating expenses                                                                            1,165       933       184
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
                                                                                                 6,078    10,944     3,716
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
Income before income tax benefit and cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles      16,672     9,244     7,174
Income tax benefit                                                                              (1,939)   (4,448)   (2,792)
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------

Income before cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                             18,611    13,692     9,966

Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles                                                -      (378)        -
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------

Income before equity in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries                18,611    13,314     9,966
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------

Equity in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries:
  Commercial banks                                                                              44,133    47,716    36,266
  Other                                                                                          1,083    (2,825)      977
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
                                                                                                45,216    44,891    37,243
                                                                                               --------   -------   -------
    Net income                                                                                 $63,827    58,205    47,209
                                                                                               ========   =======   =======
</TABLE>


                                       65
<PAGE>   68


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                             1994        1993        1992
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from operating activities:
<S>                                                                                       <C>         <C>         <C>
   Net income                                                                             $ 63,827      58,205      47,209
   Adjustments to reconcile net income  to net cash provided by operating activities:
     Undistributed net income of consolidated subsidiaries                                 (45,216)    (44,891)    (37,243)
     Depreciation of premises and equipment                                                    675         688         692
     Amortization of excess costs of acquired businesses                                       492         349         349
     Other                                                                                      (3)      3,845         899
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
      Net cash provided by operating activities                                             19,775      18,196      11,906
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Net decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits                                      (2,381)      9,735        (787)
  Collection of advances to subsidiaries                                                     4,939     154,272     148,466
  Advances to subsidiaries                                                                  (3,575)   (138,993)   (170,495)
  Decrease (increase) of investment in subsidiaries                                            274      (2,625)       (716)
  Other                                                                                      1,908       2,060       1,371
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
      Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                    1,165      24,449     (22,161)
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net change in short-term funds borrowed                                                   (3,305)      9,000           -
  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                       -       4,000      50,000
  Payments on long-term debt                                                                (1,358)    (43,224)    (32,317)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                                                       317         893       1,695
  Dividends paid                                                                           (17,271)    (12,692)     (9,587)
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
     Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                   (21,617)    (42,023)      9,791
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks                                            (677)        622        (464)
Cash and due from banks at beginning of year                                                 2,251       1,629       2,093
                                                                                          ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash and due from banks at end of year                                                    $  1,574       2,251       1,629
                                                                                          =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>


The parent company paid interest of $7,245,000, $8,577,000, and $7,940,000 for
the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.


                                       66
<PAGE>   69


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                    Condensed Statements of Retained Earnings

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994        1993        1992
                                                                       ---------    --------    ---------
<S>                                                                    <C>          <C>          <C>
Balance at beginning of year                                           $245,920      197,992     160,370
Retained earnings of acquired company                                         -        2,428           -
Net income                                                               63,827       58,205      47,209
Cash dividends:
   Preferred, paid by subsidiary to minority shareholder                    (33)        (13)           -
   Common                                                               (16,786)    (12,207)      (9,183)
   Dividends of NBA prior to merger                                        (485)       (485)        (404)
                                                                       ---------    --------     --------
Balance at end of year                                                 $292,443     245,920      197,992
                                                                       =========    ========     ========
</TABLE>



                                       67

<PAGE>   70
                                                               

The selected quarterly financial data information required by this item appears
on pages 24 and 61 under the caption "QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(UNAUDITED)."

ITEM 9.       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
              FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

PART III

ITEM 10.      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information required by this item, to the extent not included under the
caption "Executive officers of the registrant" in Part I of this report, will
appear on pages 1 through 6 of the definitive Proxy Statement. Information
relating to the directors and executive officers on pages 1 through 6, and
information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K as set forth beginning in the
last paragraph on page 7 of the definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 1995
Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 28, 1995, is incorporated herein
by reference.

ITEM 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this item appearing on pages 8 through 21 of the
definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be held April 28, 1995, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information required by this item appearing on pages 6 and 7 of the
definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be held April 28, 1995, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.      CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by this item appearing on page 21 of the definitive
Proxy Statement relating to the 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held
April 28, 1995, is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV

ITEM 14.      EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)    The following documents are part of this report and appear on the pages 
       indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                            Page

      <S>                                                                                                                 <C>
      (1)  Financial Statements:

           Independent Auditors' Report                                                                                     41

           Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 1994 and 1993                                                         42

           Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992                                43

           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992                            44

           Consolidated Statements of Retained Earnings Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992                       45

           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                       46
</TABLE>

      (2)  Financial Statement Schedules:

           Schedules are omitted because the information is either not required,
           not applicable, or is included in Part II, Items 6-8 of this report.

                                       68
<PAGE>   71


      (3)  Exhibits:

           The  exhibits  listed  on the  Exhibit  Index on page 71 of this  
           report  are  filed or are  incorporated  herein  by reference.

(b)    Reports on Form 8-K

       There were no reports on Form 8-K filed during the quarter ended
December 31, 1994.

For the purposes of complying with the amendments to the rules governing Form
S-8 (effective July 13, 1990) under the Securities Act of 1993, the undersigned
Registrant hereby undertakes as follows, which undertaking shall be incorporated
by reference into Registrant's Registration Statements on Form S-8 Nos. 33-52878
(filed on October 2, 1992) and 33-52796 (filed on October 2, 1992).

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of
1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling persons of the
Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant
has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling
person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit, or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in
the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will
be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

                                       69
<PAGE>   72


SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

March 21, 1995                                       ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                                               By     /s/ Harris H. Simmons
                                                 -------------------------------
                                               HARRIS H. SIMMONS, President and 
                                                     Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the date indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                 March 21, 1995

<S>                                                                <C>   
/s/ Harris H. Simmons                                              /s/ Gary L. Anderson
- ------------------------------------                               -------------------------------------
HARRIS H. SIMMONS, President, Chief Executive                      GARY L. ANDERSON, Secretary, Senior Vice 
Officer and Director                                               President, and Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Roy W. Simmons                                                 /s/ Walter E. Kelly
- ------------------------------------                               -------------------------------------
ROY W. SIMMONS, Chairman and Director                              WALTER E. KELLY, Controller

- ------------------------------------                               -------------------------------------
JERRY C. ATKIN, Director                                           ROBERT G. SARVER, Director

 /s/ Grant R. Caldwell
- ------------------------------------                               -------------------------------------
GRANT R. CALDWELL, Director                                        L.E. SIMMONS, Director

/s/ R.D. Cash                                                      /s/ I. J. Wagner
- ------------------------------------                               -------------------------------------
R. D. CASH, Director                                               I. J. WAGNER, Director

                                                                   /s/ Dale W. Westergard
- ------------------------------------                               -------------------------------------
RICHARD H. MADSEN, Director                                        DALE W. WESTERGARD, Director

- ------------------------------------                                                            
ROBERT B. PORTER, Director
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   73


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                    FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                    (Pursuant to Item 601 of Regulations S-K)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

  Exhibit                                                                                                          
    no.          Description and method of filing                                                               
 --------        --------------------------------                                                               
   <S>          <C>                                                                                                  <C>       
    3.1          Restated Articles of Incorporation of Zions  Bancorporation  dated November 8,  1993, and
                 filed with the Department of Business  Regulation,  Division of Corporations of the state
                 of  Utah  on  November 9,   1993  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  to  the             *
                 Registrant's Form S-4 Registration  Statement,  File No. 33-51145,  filed on November 22,
                 1993)

    3.2          Restated  Bylaws  of  Zions  Bancorporation,  dated  November 8,  1993  (incorporated  by
                 reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's  Form S-4 Registration  Statement,  File No.             *
                 33-51145, filed November 22, 1993)

     9           Voting Trust Agreement,  dated December 31,  1991 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9
                 of Zions  Bancorporation's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December  31,             *
                 1991)

   10.1          Amended and Restated Zions Utah Bancorporation Pension Plan (filed)                                  

   10.2          Amendment to Zions Bancorporation Pension Plan effective December 1, 1994 (filed)
                                                                                                                      

   10.3          Zions Utah  Bancorporation  Supplemental  Retirement Plan Form (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit  19.4 of Zions  Utah  Bancorporation's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the             *
                 quarter ended September 30, 1985)

   10.4          Amendment  to Zions  Bancorporation  (formerly  Zions Utah  Bancorporation)  Key Employee
                 Incentive  Stock  Option Plan  approved by the  shareholders  of the Company on April 27,
                 1990 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19 of Zions Bancorporation's  Quarterly Report             *
                 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1990)

   10.5          Zions  Bancorporation  Deferred  Compensation Plan for Directors,  as amended May 1, 1991
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19 of Zions Bancorporation's  Annual Report on Form             *
                 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991)

   10.6          Zions  Bancorporation  Senior  Management  Value  Sharing  Plan,  Award Period  1991-1994
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19 of Zion  Bancorporation's  Annual Report on Form             *
                 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992)

   10.7          Zions  Bancorporation  Senior  Management  Value  Sharing  Plan,  Award Period  1992-1995
                 (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Zions  Bancorporation's  Annual  Report on             *
                 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992)

   10.8          Zions  Bancorporation  Senior  Management  Value  Sharing  Plan,  Award Period  1993-1996
                 (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Zions  Bancorporation's  Annual  Report on
                 Form 10-K for the year end December 31, 1993)                                                         *

   10.9          Zions Bancorporation Senior Management Value Sharing Plan, Award Period 1994-1997 (filed)
                                                                                                                      

   10.10         Zions Bancorporation Executive Management Pension Plan (filed)                                       
</TABLE>

                                       71
<PAGE>   74


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
              FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT ON FORM 10-K (continued)

                    (Pursuant to Item 601 of Regulations S-K)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                
Exhibit no.      Description and method of filing                                                              
- -----------      --------------------------------                                                             
<S>             <C>                                                                                                  <C>
    21           List of subsidiaries of Zions Bancorporation (filed)                                                 

    23           Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick, LLP independent certified public accountants (filed)
                                                                                                                      

    27           Article 9 Financial Data Schedule for Form 10-K (filed)                                              

   99.1          Form 11-K Annual Report of Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock Savings Plan (filed)
                                                                                                                      

   99.2          Form 11-K Annual Report of Zions Bancorporation Employee Investment Savings Plan (filed)             

</TABLE>

*  incorporated by reference.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ZIONS PENSION PLAN, EFFECTIVE JAN. 1, 1994
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                        ZIONS BANCORPORATION PENSION PLAN

                 Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1994












December 6, 1994


<PAGE>   2


                                                                               

                                Table of Contents
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                             Page

<S>                                                                                                           <C>
Introduction...................................................................................................1

Article 1 - Definitions........................................................................................1
       1.1     Accrual Computation Period......................................................................2
       1.2     Accrued Benefit.................................................................................2

       1.3     Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan Account............................................2
       1.4     Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company Contributions...........................................2
       1.5     Actuarial Equivalent............................................................................2
       1.6     Affiliate or Subsidiary.........................................................................2
       1.7     Authorized Period of Absence....................................................................2
       1.8     Beneficiary.....................................................................................3
       1.9     Break in Service................................................................................3
       1.10    Code............................................................................................3
       1.11    Committee or Retirement Committee...............................................................3
       1.12    Company.........................................................................................3
       1.13    Controlled Group................................................................................3
       1.14    Covered Compensation............................................................................3
       1.15    Credited Service................................................................................4
       1.16    Earnings........................................................................................5
       1.17    Eligible Employee...............................................................................6
       1.18    Eligible Spouse.................................................................................6
       1.19    Eligibility Computation Period..................................................................6
       1.20    Employee........................................................................................6
       1.21    Employment Date.................................................................................6
       1.22    ERISA...........................................................................................6
       1.23    Final Average Earnings..........................................................................6
       1.24    Hour of Service.................................................................................7
       1.25    Investment Manager..............................................................................8
       1.26    Military Service................................................................................9
       1.27    Nonvested Former Participant....................................................................9
       1.28    Old Plan Account................................................................................9
       1.29    Participant.....................................................................................9
       1.30    Participation Date.............................................................................10
       1.31    Plan...........................................................................................10
       1.32    Plan Administrator.............................................................................10
       1.33    Plan Year......................................................................................10
       1.34    Retirement Date................................................................................10
       1.35    Social Security Taxable Wage Base..............................................................10
       1.36    Termination of Employment......................................................................10
       1.37    Trust Agreement................................................................................10
       1.39    Trustee........................................................................................10
       1.40    Vesting Computation Period.....................................................................10
       1.41    Year of Service................................................................................10
</TABLE>

                                       i
<PAGE>   3
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                          <C>
Article 2 - Participation.....................................................................................12
       2.1     Participation Date.............................................................................12
       2.2     Reinstatement of Active Participation..........................................................12

Article 3 - Retirement Date...................................................................................13
       3.1     Normal Retirement Date.........................................................................13
       3.2     Early Retirement Date..........................................................................13
       3.3     Late Retirement Date...........................................................................13
       3.4     Disability Retirement Date.....................................................................14

Article 4 - Amount of Accrued Benefit.........................................................................15
       4.1     Accrued Benefit................................................................................15
       4.2     Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan Account...........................................16
       4.3     Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company Contributions..........................................16
       4.4     Old Plan Account...............................................................................16

Article 5 - Amount of Retirement Income.......................................................................17
       5.1     Monthly Retirement Income......................................................................17
       5.2     Normal Retirement Income.......................................................................17
       5.3     Early Retirement Income........................................................................17
       5.4     Late Retirement Income.........................................................................17
       5.5     Disability Retirement Income...................................................................18
       5.6     Application for Retirement Income..............................................................18
       5.7     Forms of Retirement Income.....................................................................19
       5.8     Reemployment After Retirement..................................................................20
       5.9     Commencement of Benefits.......................................................................20

Article 6 - Termination and Vesting...........................................................................23
       6.1     Vesting........................................................................................23
       6.2     Termination Benefit............................................................................23
       6.3     Reemployment After Termination of Employment...................................................24

Article 7 - Disability Benefits...............................................................................25
       7.1     Determination of Disability....................................................................25
       7.2     Eligibility for Disability Benefits...........................................................25
       7.3     Disability Retirement Date.....................................................................25
       7.4     Disability Retirement Income...................................................................25

Article 8 - Death Benefits....................................................................................27
       8.1     Pre - Retirement Death Benefit.................................................................27
       8.2     Post - Retirement Death Benefit................................................................28
       8.3     Return of Old Plan Account.....................................................................29

Article 9 - Financing The Plan................................................................................30
       9.1     Company Contributions..........................................................................30
       9.2     Return of Company Contributions................................................................30
       9.3     Employee Contributions.........................................................................30

Article 10 - Termination of the Plan..........................................................................31
      10.1     Termination of Plan............................................................................31
      10.2     Procedures Upon Termination of Plan............................................................31
</TABLE>

                                       ii
<PAGE>   4
<TABLE>
<S>         <C>                                                                                              <C>
Article 11 - Top-Heavy Provisions.............................................................................32
      11.1     Top Heavy Plan.................................................................................32
      11.2     Definition of Terms............................................................................32
      11.3     Modification of Vesting Schedule...............................................................34
      11.4     Minimum Benefit................................................................................35
      11.5     Modification of Maximum Benefit................................................................35

Article 12 - Administration of the Plan.......................................................................36
      12.1     Administration.................................................................................36
      12.2     Records........................................................................................37
      12.3     Payment of Expenses............................................................................37
      12.4     Delegation of Authority........................................................................37
      12.5     Information Available..........................................................................37
      12.6     Claims Procedure...............................................................................38
      12.7     Fiduciary Capacity.............................................................................38
      12.8     Committee Liability............................................................................38

Article 13 - General Provisions...............................................................................39
      13.1     Amendment of Plan..............................................................................39
      13.2     Employment Status..............................................................................39
      13.3     Mergers or Consolidations......................................................................40
      13.4     Provision Against Anticipation.................................................................40
      13.5     Facility of Payment............................................................................40
      13.6     Construction...................................................................................40
      13.7     Legal Actions..................................................................................41
      13.8     Payment of Small Benefits......................................................................41
      13.9     Maximum Retirement Benefit.....................................................................42

      13.10    Additional Benefit Limits for Highly Compensated Employees.....................................45
      13.11    Eligible Rollover Distribution.................................................................48
      13.12    Procedures with Respect to Domestic Relations
               Orders.........................................................................................50

Appendix I     ...............................................................................................52

Appendix II ..................................................................................................53

Appendix III .................................................................................................54
</TABLE>

                                      iii
<PAGE>   5
                                  Introduction

The Zions Bancorporation Pension Plan became effective on January 1, 1968. The
Plan has been amended and restated from time to time. This document amends and
restates the Plan, effective January 1, 1994, except where another effective
date is specifically provided.

Except as specifically provided in the Plan, the rights and benefits of any
Participant who terminates or retires prior to the effective date of this
restatement or any other amendment to the Plan will be determined pursuant to
the provisions of the Plan in effect on the earlier of his or her date of
retirement or termination.

The Plan and Trust thereunder are created and maintained for the primary purpose
of providing retirement benefits for eligible employees of Zions Bancorporation
and its affiliates. It is intended that the Plan and Trust qualify under 
Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and that they meet the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended.

                                       1
<PAGE>   6


Definitions

1.1      Accrual Computation Period means a Plan Year.

1.2      Accrued Benefit means the monthly amount of benefit credited to a
         Participant in accordance with Article on the basis of an annuity
         payable for life beginning at age 65.

1.3      Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan Account is defined in 4.2 
         and 5.3.
                              
1.4      Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company Contributions is defined in
         4.3.

1.5      Actuarial Equivalent means equality in value of the aggregate amounts
         expected to be received under different forms of payment based on
         Tables attached hereto as Appendices. Except as otherwise provided in
         this Plan, the 1984 Unisex Pension Mortality Table and a 6% interest
         assumption will be used for all other calculations of actuarial
         equivalence.

1.6      Affiliate or Subsidiary means a member of a controlled group of
         corporations (as defined in Code Section 1563(a), determined without
         regard to Code Sections 1563(a)(4) and (e)(3)(C)), a group of trades or
         businesses (whether incorporated or not) which are under common control
         within the meaning of Code Section 414(c), or an affiliated service
         group (as defined in Code Sections 414(m) or 414(o)) of which Zions
         Bancorporation is a part. With respect to the Maximum Retirement
         Benefit defined in 13.9, in determining whether a corporation is a
         member of a controlled group of corporations the phrase "more than 50
         percent" will be substituted for the phrase "at least 80 percent" each
         place it appears in Code Section 1563(a)(1).

1.7      Authorized Period of Absence means an absence authorized by the Company
         for one or more of the following reasons:

         (a)      Approved leave of absence.

         (b)      Pregnancy.

         (c)      Jury duty.

         (d)      Military Service as defined in 1.26.

         (e)      Illness or injury, including disability.

                                       2
<PAGE>   7


         Any discretion of the Company under the provisions of this definition
         will be exercised without discrimination and in accordance with
         definitely established rules uniformly applicable to Employees or
         Participants whose approved periods of absence were occasioned by
         similar circumstances.

1.8      Beneficiary means the person or persons designated by a Participant to
         receive any benefit payable from the Plan under 8.3 upon the death of
         the Participant.

         If no Beneficiary designation is filed with the Committee or if the
         designated Beneficiary does not survive the Participant, the
         Participant will be deemed to have designated the following as
         Beneficiaries with priority in the order named:

         (a)      Surviving spouse,
         (b)      The Participant's estate.

1.9      Break in Service means an interruption in service due to a person's
         failure to complete at least 501 Hours of Service during a Vesting
         Computation Period or during an Eligibility Computation Period. A Break
         in Service will not occur during an Authorized Period of Absence unless
         the Employee fails to return to work for at least 30 days with the
         Company or any member of the Controlled Group after the expiration of
         the Authorized Period of Absence.

1.10     Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.11     Committee or Retirement Committee means the Committee which will
         administer the plan as described in Article 12.

1.12     Company means Zions Bancorporation and any Affiliate or Subsidiary
         which adopts this Plan with the consent of the Board of Directors of
         Zions Bancorporation.

1.13     Controlled Group means Zions Bancorporation and any Affiliate or
         Subsidiary. All employees of the Controlled Group will be treated as
         employed by a single employer for purposes of applying the provisions
         of qualification of the Plan; of minimum participation standards of the
         Plan; of minimum vesting standards of the Plan; and of limitation of
         benefits under the Plan.

1.14     Covered Compensation for a Plan Year means the average of the Social
         Security Taxable Wage Bases for each year in the 35-year period ending
         with the last day of the year in which the Participant attains (or will
         attain) Social Security Retirement Age as determined under the exact
         tables provided by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Covered
         Compensation for any Plan Year after 1991 will be equal to 1991 Covered
         Compensation.

                                       3
<PAGE>   8


         For purposes of this, a Participant's Social Security Retirement Age
         is determined based on the following table:

                                                                                
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Social Security
          Year of Birth                                         Retirement Age
          -------------                                         ---------------
         <S>                                                         <C>
          Before 1938                                                 65
          1938 to 1954                                                66
          1955 and after                                              67
</TABLE>

1.15     Credited Service means service used to determine a Participant's 
         Accrued Benefit and is determined as follows:

         (a)  Credited Service shall be measured in calendar years and months.
              Each month shall be equal to one-twelfth of a year of Credited
              Service. Except as otherwise stated in this 1.15, Credited Service
              for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1988 means the sum of
              an Employee's calendar years and months (or parts thereof) as an
              Eligible Employee during the period beginning on his or her
              Benefit Service Date. For purposes of this section, Benefit
              Service Date means the later of:

         (1)      the Participant's Employment Date,

         (2)      the first day of the month following the Participant's 21st 
                  birthday, or

         (3)      in the case of an Employee who is not credited with at
        
                  least 1,000 Hours of Service in his or her first Eligibility
                  Computation Period, the first day of the first Plan Year in
                  which the Employee is credited with at least 1,000 Hours of
                  Service.

         (b)  No Credited Service will be earned during a Plan Year beginning
              after December 31, 1988 unless the Employee completes at least
              1,000 Hours of Service during that Plan Year except as follows. In
              order to earn Credited Service during the Plan Year in which the
              Employee has a Benefit Service Date or during the Plan Year in
              which the Employee retires or dies, the Employee must complete
              83.33 Hours of Service multiplied by the number of calendar months
              during such Plan Year in which the Employee completes at least one
              Hour of Service. Effective January 1, 1995, the foregoing sentence
              shall also apply to a Plan Year in which the Employee incurs a
              Termination of Employment.

         (c)  Except as otherwise stated in this 1.15, Credited Service for Plan
              Years beginning before January 1, 1989 means benefit service as
              defined under the terms of the Plan in effect on December 31,
              1988.

                                       4
<PAGE>   9


         (d)  Credited Service will not include service earned during a period
              for which Years of Service are disregarded pursuant to 1.41(e).

         (e)  In the case of an Employee who is employed by an Affiliate or
              Subsidiary which either adopts this Plan with the consent of the
              Company or merges with the Company, Credited Service will not
              include service prior to the date of merger or adoption unless an
              earlier date is specifically designated for this purpose by the
              Board of Directors of Zions Bancorporation.

1.16     Earnings means a Participant's wages from the Company within the
         meaning of Code Section 3401(a), and all other payments of compensation
         to the Participant by the Company (in the course of the Company's trade
         or business), for which the Company is required to furnish a written
         statement to the Participant under Code Sections 6041(d) and 6051(a)(3)
         (IRS Form W-2 - wages, tips and other compensation). Earnings will also
         include elective contributions made by the Company on behalf of its
         Participants which are not includible in gross income under Code
         Sections 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h) or 403(b). Earnings will be reduced by
         reimbursements or other expense allowances, fringe benefits (cash and
         non-cash), moving expenses, deferred compensation (other than elective
         contributions described above), and welfare benefits. Earnings will
         also be reduced by directors fees, if any, paid to Highly Compensated
         Employees as defined in 13.10.

         Except as provided in 4.1(c), earnings will not exceed $200,000 for
         years prior to 1990. Each January 1 thereafter, this $200,000 limit
         will automatically be adjusted to the new dollar limit prescribed by
         the Secretary of the Treasury for that calendar year.

         Except as provided in 4.1(a) and (b), effective January 1, 1994, annual
         Earnings will not exceed $150,000 for 1994 or prior years. On January 1
         of each calendar year in which the Secretary of the Treasury prescribes
         a new dollar limit, this $150,000 limit will automatically be adjusted
         to that new limit. If a period over which Earnings is determined under
         the Plan (determination period) is less than 12 months, the $200,000
         and the $150,000 limitations for that period will be multiplied by a
         fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months in the
         determination period, and the denominator of which is 12. For this
         purpose, a determination period will not be considered to be less than
         12 months merely because a Participant is an Active Participant for
         less than a full Plan Year except that Earnings will be determined for
         the full Plan Year.

         In determining the compensation of a Participant for purposes of the
         $200,000 and the $150,000 limitations, the rules

                                       5
<PAGE>   10


         of Code Section 414(q)(6) will apply, except that in applying such
         rules, the term "family" will include only the spouse of the
         Participant and any lineal descendants of the Participant who have not
         attained age 19 before the close of the year.

1.17     Eligible Employee means any Employee of the Company except an Employee
         represented by a collective bargaining agent unless the terms of the
         collective bargaining agreement covering such Employee specifically
         provide for coverage under the Plan. The term "Eligible Employee" does
         not include a leased employee as defined in Code Section 414(n). This
         section is effective January 1, 1988.

1.18     Eligible Spouse means the legal spouse of the Participant at the time
         of the Participant's death except that a former spouse may be treated
         as an Eligible Spouse to the extent provided in a qualified domestic
         relations order as defined in Code Section 414(p).

1.19     Eligibility Computation Period means a 12-consecutive-month period
         beginning on an Employee's Employment Date. However, if such Employee
         fails to complete at least 1,000 Hours of Service during his or her
         initial 12-consecutive-month period, the Eligibility Computation Period
         becomes the Plan Year commencing with the Plan Year in which such
         initial period ends.

1.20     Employee means any person who is employed by any member of the
         Controlled Group.

1.21     Employment Date means the date on which an Employee first performs an 
         Hour of Service for any member of the Controlled Group.

1.22     ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
         amended.

1.23     Final Average Earnings means the average of the Participant's Earnings
         as an Eligible Employee for the period of five consecutive calendar
         years ending on or before December 31, 1991 which produces the highest
         average. If the Participant has not been an Eligible Employee for five
         years, Final Average Earnings means the average of the Participant's
         Earnings over the Participant's full period of employment as an
         Eligible Employee before December 31, 1991.

         In determining Final Average Earnings, Plan Years after 1988 during
         which the Participant earns fewer than 1,000 Hours of Service will be
         disregarded and will not interrupt the consecutiveness of the prior and
         subsequent Plan Years.

                                       6
<PAGE>   11

         In determining Final Average Earnings, Earnings will be annualized in
         the Plan Year of hire if the employee earned 1,000 Hours of Service
         during the one-year period beginning on the Employee's Employment Date.
         Earnings are annualized by dividing actual earnings for the Plan Year
         (excluding bonuses) by the number of months of actual earnings, then
         multiplying the result by 12 then adding bonuses.

1.24     Hour of Service, effective January 1, 1989, means:

         (a)  each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment,
              for the performance of duties for the Company;

         (b)  each hour for which an Employee is paid, or entitled to payment,
              by the Company on account of a period of time during which no
              duties are performed (whether or not the employment relationship
              has terminated) due to vacation, holiday, illness, incapacity
              (including disability), layoff, jury duty, military duty or leave
              of absence; provided, however, that an Employee will not be
              credited with more than 501 Hours of Service under this sentence
              for any continuous period during which he or she performs no
              duties for the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions
              of this paragraph, no credit will be given:

              (1) for an Hour of Service for which the individual is directly or
                  indirectly paid, or entitled to payment, on account of a
                  period during which no duties are performed if such payment is
                  made or due under a plan maintained solely for the purpose of
                  complying with applicable workers' compensation, unemployment
                  compensation or disability insurance laws; or

              (2) for an Hour of Service for which a payment is made which
                  solely reimburses the individual for medical or medically
                  related expenses incurred;

         (c)  each hour not otherwise credited under the Plan for which back
              pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, is either awarded or
              agreed to by the Company.

         (d)  Hours of Service will be credited for employment with other
              members of an affiliated service group, a controlled group of
              corporations, or a group of trades or businesses under common
              control of which the Company is a member.

         (e)  Hours of Service will also be credited for any individual
              considered an employee under Code Section 414(n).

                                       7
<PAGE>   12


         (f)  Solely for purposes of determining whether a Break in Service has
              occurred, an individual who is absent from work will receive
              credit for the Hours of Service which would have been credited to
              the individual but for such absence if the absence is (1) because
              of the pregnancy of the individual, (2) because of the birth of a
              child of the individual, (3) because of the placement of a child
              with the individual in connection with the adoption of such child
              by such individual, (4) for purposes of caring for such child for
              a period beginning immediately following such birth or placement,
              or (5) for family or medical leave required to be provided under
              the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. Where such hours cannot
              be determined, eight Hours of Service per day of such absence will
              be used. The Hours of Service credited under this paragraph will
              be credited in the computation period in which the absence begins
              if the crediting is necessary to prevent a Break in Service in
              that period. In all other cases, such hours will be credited in
              the following computation period.

         (g)  The foregoing notwithstanding, Participants whose pay is solely on
              a commission basis will be credited with Hours of Service as
              follows:

              (1) If the Participant's Earnings for a Plan Year are at least 750
                  multiplied by the lowest hourly rate of compensation payable
                  to employees in the same job classification as the
                  Participant, then the Participant will be credited with 1,000
                  Hours of Service for that Plan Year.

              (2) If the Participant's Earnings for a Plan Year are less than
                  750 multiplied by the lowest hourly rate of compensation
                  payable to employees in the same job classification as the
                  Participant, then the Participant will not be credited with
                  any Hours of Service for that Plan Year.

         (h)  The crediting of Hours of Service under this Plan will be applied
              under the rules of paragraphs (b) and (c) of the Department of
              Labor Regulation 2530.200b-2 and clause (f)(3)(ii) of the
              Department of Labor Regulation 2530.200b-3 which, by this
              reference, are specifically incorporated in full within this Plan.

1.25     Investment Manager means any fiduciary (other than a trustee, the 
         Company or the Committee):

         (a)  which has the power to manage, acquire, or dispose of any assets
              of the Plan; and

                                       8
<PAGE>   13


         (b)  which (1) is registered as an investment adviser under the
              Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or (2) is a bank, as defined in
              that Act, or (3) is an insurance company qualified to perform
              services described in item (a) above under the laws of more than
              one state; and

         (c)  which has acknowledged in writing that it is a fiduciary with
              respect to the Plan.

1.26     Military Service means the period of time during which a person is
         absent from active work for the Company or any member of the Controlled
         Group serving as a member of the Armed Forces of the United States in
         time of war or other emergency or under the laws of conscription in
         time of peace. Military Service includes time when such person has a
         right to reemployment at his or her former position or a substantially
         similar position upon separation from such Military Service, and such
         period of time, not exceeding 90 days, immediately following such
         Military Service as such person remains absent from active work for the
         Company or any member of the Controlled Group.

1.27     Nonvested Former Participant means a prior Participant who has incurred
         a Termination of Employment and who does not have a vested interest in
         accordance with 6.1.

1.28     Old Plan Account is defined in 4.4.

1.29     Participant means an Active Participant, Inactive Participant, 
         Terminated Vested Participant, Disabled Participant, or Retired 
         Participant, as defined below:

         (a)  "Active Participant" means an Eligible Employee who has met the
              requirements for participation described in Article 2.

         (b)  "Inactive Participant" means a prior Active Participant who is on
              an Authorized Period of Absence, or who is employed by a member of
              the Controlled Group other than the Company, or who is employed by
              the Company but is not an Eligible Employee.

         (c)  "Terminated Vested Participant" means a prior Eligible Employee
              who has incurred a Termination of Employment, who retains a vested
              interest in accordance with 6.1, and who is not currently
              receiving benefit payments under the Plan.

         (d)  "Disabled Participant" means a prior Active Participant who has a
              total and permanent disability as determined under Article 7.

                                        9
<PAGE>   14


         (e)  "Retired Participant" means a prior Eligible Employee who is
              receiving benefit payments under the Plan.

1.30     Participation Date is defined in 2.1.

1.31     Plan means the Zions Bancorporation Pension Plan.

1.32     Plan Administrator means the Committee which will administer the plan 
         as described in Article 12.

1.33     Plan Year means a calendar year.

1.34     Retirement Date means the date a Participant's monthly retirement 
         benefits begin in accordance with Article 3.

1.35     Social Security Taxable Wage Base means the contribution and benefit 
         base in effect under Section 230 of the Social Security Act for the 
         specified calendar year.

1.36     Termination of Employment means cessation of employment with the 
         Company or any member of the Controlled Group due to:

         (a)  voluntary or involuntary termination or separation of employment,
              or

         (b)  failure to return to work for at least 30 days upon the expiration
              of any Authorized Period of Absence from the Company or any member
              of the Controlled Group, in which event cessation of active work
              will be deemed to have occurred at the time such Authorized Period
              of Absence expired. Transfer of employment, without interruption,
              between members of the Controlled Group will not be deemed a
              Termination of Employment.

1.37     Trust Agreement means the agreement between the Company and the 
         Trustee.

1.38     Trust Fund means all money or property held by the Trustee pursuant
         to the Trust Agreement.
         

1.39     Trustee means the trustee appointed by the Board of Directors of the
         Company and named as such in the Trust Agreement.

1.40     Vesting Computation Period means a calendar year.

1.41     Year of Service means a Vesting Computation Period after December 31,
         1988 during which an Employee completes 1,000 or more Hours of Service 
         except as follows:

                                       10
<PAGE>   15


         (a)  For Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1994, an Employee
              shall be credited with a partial Year of Service (measured in
              calendar months) in a Plan Year in which the Employee completes
              less than 1,000 Hours of Service but in which the Employee has a
              Benefit Service Date or in which the Employee retires, dies, or
              incurs a Termination of Employment if the Employee completes 83.33
              Hours of Service multiplied by the number of calendar months
              during such Plan Year in which the Employee completes at least one
              Hour of Service. The Employee will be credited with months of
              Service equal to the number of calendar months during the Plan
              Year in which the Employee completes at least one Hour of Service.
              Twelve months of Service shall equal a Year of Service.

         (b)  Years of Service also include years of vesting service earned
              before January 1, 1989 under the terms of the Plan in effect as of
              December 31, 1988.

         (c)  A Participant shall be credited in the 1989 Vesting Computation
              Period with 190 Hours of Service for each month in which the
              Participant earned at least one Hour of Service in his or her
              partial year of vesting service (if any) ending on December 31,
              1988.

         (d)  The foregoing notwithstanding, a Participant must be at least age
              18 before he or she can earn a Year of Service.

         (e)  The foregoing notwithstanding, if a Participant who has no vested
              interest in the Plan incurs a Break in Service, Years of Service
              will not include:

              (1) service prior to a Break in Service which is not followed by a
                  Year of Service, and

              (2) service prior to five or more consecutive one year Breaks in
                  Service if the number of consecutive one year Breaks in
                  Service equals or exceeds the number of prior Years of
                  Service.

                                       11
<PAGE>   16


                                    Article 2

                                  Participation

2.1      Participation Date

         (a)  An Eligible Employee who was an Active Participant in the Plan on
              December 31, 1993 will continue to be an Active Participant on
              January 1, 1994.

         (b)  Any other Eligible Employee will become an Active Participant in
              the Plan on the first day of the month coinciding with or next
              following the later of (1) the date on which the Employee
              completes an Eligibility Computation Period during which he or she
              completes at least 1,000 Hours of Service or (2) the Employee's
              21st birthday.

         Participation Date means the date a Participant first becomes an Active
         Participant, provided that the Participation Date of a Nonvested Former
         Participant who is reinstated under 2.2 after five or more consecutive
         one year Breaks in Service shall be the date of reinstatement.

2.2      Reinstatement of Active Participation

         A Terminated Vested Participant, a Retired Participant, an Inactive
         Participant, or a Nonvested Former Participant who again becomes an
         Eligible Employee or who returns from an Authorized Period of Absence
         will be reinstated as an Active Participant on the day he or she is
         reinstated as an Eligible Employee or returns from such Authorized
         Period of Absence.

                                       12
<PAGE>   17


                                    Article 3

                                 Retirement Date

3.1      Normal Retirement Date

         A Participant's Normal Retirement Date will be the first day of the
         month coincident with or next following his or her Normal Retirement
         Age.

         If the Participant's Participation Date is on or after July 1, 1994,
         his or her Normal Retirement Age is the later of:

         (a)  his or her 65th birthday, or

         (b)  the earlier of:

              (1) the date the Participant completes five Years of Service, or

              (2) the fifth anniversary of his or her Participation Date
                  provided the Participant is an Employee on or after the later
                  of such date or his or her 65th birthday and earns at least
                  one Year of Service after any Break in Service.

         If the Participant's Participation Date is before July 1, 1994, the
         Participant's Normal Retirement Age is 65.

3.2      Early Retirement Date

         A Participant may retire prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date on
         an Early Retirement Date which, subject to his or her election, may be
         the first day of any month coincident with or following the latest of:

         (a)  the Participant's 55th birthday,

         (b)  the date on which the Participant completes ten Years of Service,
              or

         (c)  the date of the Participant's Termination of Employment.

3.3      Late Retirement Date

         (a)  If a Participant continues in the service of the Company or any
              member of the Controlled Group beyond Normal Retirement Date, his
              or her Late Retirement Date will be the first day of any month
              coincident with or following the date of the Participant's
              Termination of Employment.

                                       13
<PAGE>   18


         (b)  A Participant's Late Retirement Date will not be later than the
              required beginning date described in 5.9(c) even if his or her
              employment continues after such date.

3.4      Disability Retirement Date

         Disability Retirement Date is defined in 7.3.

                                       14
<PAGE>   19


                                    Article 4

                            Amount of Accrued Benefit

4.1      Accrued Benefit

         A Participant's Accrued Benefit is equal to one twelfth of the greater
         of:

         (a)  the sum of:

              (1) the sum of the following determined without regard to the
                  $150,000 limitation under 1.14:

                  (A)  1.65% of Final Average Earnings determined as of December
                       31, 1991 multiplied by Credited Service earned as of    
                       December 31, 1991, and

                  (B)  1.65% of Earnings for each Plan Year beginning after
                       December 31, 1991 and before January 1, 1994 in which 
                       the Participant earns a full or partial year of 
                       Credited Service.

              (2) 1.65% of Earnings for each Plan Year after December 31, 1993
                  in which the Participant earns a full or partial year of
                  Credited Service.

         (b)  the sum of the following, determined as of December 31, 1991 and
              without regard to the $150,000 limitation under 1.16:

              (1) 1.15% of Final Average Earnings up to Covered Compensation
                  multiplied by Credited Service up to 35 years.

              (2) 1.65% of Final Average Earnings in excess of Covered
                  Compensation multiplied by Credited Service up to 35 years.

              (3) 1.0% of Final Average Earnings multiplied by Credited Service
                  in excess of 35 years.

         (c)  the annual accrued benefit on December 31, 1988 under the terms of
              the Plan as then in effect determined without regard to the
              $200,000 or $150,000 limitations under 1.16.

         A Participant will receive an Accrued Benefit for Military Service to
         the extent required by the Military Selective Service Act (or any prior
         or subsequent corresponding law).

                                       15
<PAGE>   20


4.2      Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan Account

         Effective January 1, 1988, the Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old
         Plan Account as of the Participant's Normal Retirement Date will be
         equal to the Participant's Old Plan Account expressed as a monthly
         benefit under a life annuity commencing on his or her Normal Retirement
         Date using the Actuarial Equivalent basis for lump sum payments.

4.3      Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company Contributions

         The Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company Contributions will be equal
         to the excess, if any, of the Accrued Benefit over the Accrued Benefit
         Attributable to the Old Plan Account.

4.4      Old Plan Account

         A Participant's Old Plan Account is his or her individual account
         balance under this Plan which resulted from the transfer of funds from
         a terminated plan formerly sponsored by the Employer. The Old Plan
         Account shall include interest from the transfer date to the earlier of
         the Participant's Retirement Date or the date on which the
         Participant's Old Plan Account is otherwise payable pursuant to the
         provisions of this Plan (the determination date) as follows: The rate
         of interest shall be compounded annually. For Plan Years beginning
         before January 1, 1988, the interest rate shall be 5%. For each Plan
         Year beginning on or after January 1, 1988, the interest rate shall be
         120% of the federal mid-term rate (as defined in Code Section 1274) in
         effect on the first day of such Plan Year. For purposes of determining
         the Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan Account, the Old Plan
         Account shall also include interest, compounded annually, at the
         Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation's interest rate for valuing
         benefits under plans terminating on the first day of each Plan Year
         from the determination date to the Participant's Normal Retirement
         Date. In no event can a Participant's Old Plan Account be withdrawn
         prior to Termination of Employment, death or retirement. This section
         is effective January 1, 1988.

         Effective January 1, 1988, the Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old
         Plan Account as of the Participant's Early Retirement Date will be
         equal to the monthly benefit determined under 4.2 and reduced as
         provided in Appendix III according to the Participant's age.

                                       16
<PAGE>   21


                                    Article 5

                           Amount of Retirement Income

5.1      Monthly Retirement Income

         A Participant's Monthly Retirement Income commencing on his or her
         Normal Retirement Date, Early Retirement Date, Late Retirement Date, or
         Disability Retirement Date will be equal to his or her Accrued Benefit
         as of such date adjusted to reflect the Form of Retirement Income
         elected and, in the case of an Early Retirement Date, adjusted to
         reflect the age of the Participant on the date benefit payments
         commence. In the case of a Disability Retirement Date, the Accrued
         Benefit will also be adjusted as provided under Article 7.

5.2      Normal Retirement Income

         The monthly amount of Retirement Income payable to a Participant
         retiring on his or her Normal Retirement Date will be equal to the
         Accrued Benefit earned to his or her Normal Retirement Date. This
         Retirement Income will be subject to adjustment depending on the Form
         of Retirement Income elected in accordance with 5.7.

5.3      Early Retirement Income

         The monthly amount of Retirement Income payable to a Participant
         retiring on an Early Retirement Date will be equal to the Accrued
         Benefit earned to his or her Early Retirement Date reduced by 1/3 of 1%
         for each month by which the Early Retirement Date precedes his or her
         Normal Retirement Date.

         The Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan Account as of the
         Participant's Early Retirement Date is determined under 4.4.

         This Retirement Income will be subject to adjustment depending on the
         Form of Payment elected in accordance with 5.7.

5.4      Late Retirement Income

         (a)  Effective January 1, 1988, the monthly amount of Retirement Income
              payable to a Participant retiring on a Late Retirement Date will
              be equal to his or her Accrued Benefit earned to the Late
              Retirement Date. This Retirement Income will be subject to
              adjustment depending on the Form of Retirement Income elected in
              accordance with 5.7.

                                       17
<PAGE>   22


         (b)  If the Participant earns additional Accrued Benefits after his or
              her Late Retirement Date, his or her Monthly Retirement Income
              will be redetermined as of the earlier of the Participant's
              required beginning date under 5.9(c) or the Participant's
              subsequent Termination of Employment. This redetermined benefit
              will be payable under the Form of Retirement Income elected on his
              or her Late Retirement Date in accordance with 5.7.

5.5      Disability Retirement Income

         Disability Retirement Income is described in 7.4.

5.6      Application for Retirement Income

         Each Participant must notify the Committee in writing of his or her
         intent to retire. Upon receipt of such notification, each married
         Participant will receive a written explanation of the terms and
         conditions of the various Forms of Retirement Income and the financial
         effect (in terms of dollars per monthly payment to the Participant and
         his or her surviving spouse) of electing a Form of Retirement Income
         other than the 50% Spouse Option. A Participant will have the right to
         elect or revise a previously elected Form of Retirement Income at any
         time during his or her Election Period.

         A Participant's Election Period is the 90 day period ending on the date
         his or her Retirement Income is to begin. The Committee will make
         Election Information available to a Participant within a reasonable
         period of time prior to the date Retirement Income is to begin. In no
         event will a Participant's Election Period end prior to the 30th day
         next following the day on which Election Information and the
         information provided in accordance with the first paragraph of this are
         first made available to him. For purposes of the Plan, Election
         Information means:

         (a)  a written explanation of the 50% Spouse Option and the relative
              financial effect of the payment of Monthly Retirement Income in
              that form and in the Life Annuity form; and

         (b)  a notification that Retirement Income payments will be made in the
              50% Spouse Option form (or the Life Annuity Form if the
              Participant is not married) unless he or she elects otherwise
              during the Election Period and his or her spouse consents to such
              election.

                                       18
<PAGE>   23


         The Participant must elect a form of payment in writing. An election of
         a form of payment other than a Spouse Option will not be valid without
         the written consent of the Participant's spouse. The spouse's consent
         must acknowledge the effect of the election and must be witnessed by a
         plan representative or notary public. The Participant may change his or
         her election at any time, and any number of times, during the 90 day
         period ending on the date his or her Retirement Income is to begin. The
         Participant may not change the form of payment without further spousal
         consent unless the spouse expressly permits such changes. The
         requirement for spouse's consent will be waived if the participant
         establishes to the satisfaction of the Committee that such consent
         cannot be obtained because there is no spouse, the spouse cannot be
         located or because of such other circumstances as the Secretary of the
         Treasury may by regulations prescribe.

         The election by the Participant and the consent of the spouse must be
         obtained no more than 90 days prior to the date benefit payments
         commence. If the spouse of a Participant who has elected a Spouse
         Option dies before Retirement Income payments begin, the Retirement
         Income will be paid to the Participant in the form of the Life Annuity.

5.7      Forms of Retirement Income

         A Participant retiring on his or her Normal, Early, Late, or Disability
         Retirement Date may elect one of the following Forms of Retirement
         Income payment:

         (a)  Spouse Option. A Spouse Option provides for a monthly payment
              during the Participant's life. After the Participant's death a
              percentage of the Participant's Retirement Income will be paid for
              life to the Participant's spouse. The percentage to be paid to the
              Participant's spouse will be 50%, 66 2/3% or 100% as elected by 
              the Participant. The monthly payment under the Spouse Option will
              be equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the amount payable under
              the Life Annuity form.

         (b)  Life Annuity. The Life Annuity form provides for a monthly payment
              during the Participant's life, with the last payment being made
              for the month in which the Participant's death occurs.

         (c)  Lump Sum Payment of Old Plan Account Option. The Lump Sum Payment
              of Old Plan Account Option provides for a lump sum payment of the
              Participant's Old Plan Account as of the Participant's Retirement
              Date. The Participant's Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company
              Contributions is paid in a Life Annuity or Spouse

                                       19
<PAGE>   24


             Option form as elected by the Participant. This form of payment is
             available to a Participant only one time, at the earlier of his 
             or her retirement or Termination of Employment.

         (d) For purposes of this article, "spouse" means the legal spouse of
             the Participant on the date benefit payments commence.

5.8      Reemployment After Retirement

         In order to retire, a Participant must have a Termination of
         Employment. Effective January 1, 1992, if a Retired Participant is
         rehired by the Company, his or her Retirement Income will not be
         suspended. The Retired Participant may earn additional benefits as
         provided in Article 4. Any benefit attributable to service during the
         Participant's reemployment will be added to the Participant's
         Retirement Income and will be payable upon the earlier of the
         Participant's subsequent retirement or the Participant's required
         beginning date described in 5.9 (c).

         If the Participant dies during such period of reemployment, any death
         benefits attributable to service during the Participant's reemployment
         will be determined in accordance with Article 8. Any death benefit
         attributable to service before the Retired Participant's reemployment
         will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the applicable
         Form of Retirement Income elected at his or her original retirement.

5.9      Commencement of Benefits

         (a)  Retirement Income payments will begin on the later of the
              Retirement Date elected by the Participant or the first day of the
              month following the date on which the Participant applies for a
              retirement benefit.

         (b)  Unless a Participant elects otherwise, Retirement Income payments
              will begin not later than the 60th day after the end of the Plan
              Year in which:

              (1) the Participant's Normal Retirement Age, or

              (2) the Participant's Termination of Employment occurs, whichever
                  is later.

         (c)  The required beginning date described in this paragraph (c) will
              apply regardless of any election made by the Participant.

                                       20
<PAGE>   25


         (1)  Except as provided by subparagraphs (2), (3) and (4) below,
              Retirement Income payments will begin not later than April 1 of
              the calendar year following the calendar year in which the
              Participant attains age 70 1/2 whether or not such Participant's
              employment has terminated.

         (2)  A Participant who attained age 70 1/2 in 1988, who is not a 5%
              owner, and who has not retired by January 1, 1989, will be treated
              as having retired on January 1, 1989. Retirement Income payments
              will begin not later than April 1, 1990 for such Participants.

         (3)  Retirement Income payments for a Participant who attained age
              70 1/2 before January 1, 1988, and who is not a 5% owner will 
              begin not later than April 1 of the calendar year following the 
              later of (A) the calendar year in which the Participant attained 
              age 70 1/2, or (B) the calendar year in which the Participant 
              retires.

         (4)  Retirement Income payments for a Participant who attained age
              70 1/2 before January 1, 1988, and who is a 5% owner will begin 
              not later than April 1 of the calendar year following the later 
              of (A) the calendar year in which the Participant attained age 
              70 1/2, or (B) the earlier of (i) the calendar year within which 
              ends the Plan Year in which the Participant becomes a 5% owner, 
              or (ii) the calendar year in which the Participant retires.

         (5)  A Participant is treated as a 5% owner for purposes of this
              paragraph (c), if such Participant is a 5% owner as defined in
              Code Section 416(i) at any time during the Plan Year ending within
              the calendar year in which such owner attains age 66 1/2 or any
              subsequent Plan Year. Once a Participant is described in this
              subparagraph, distributions will continue to such Participant even
              if such Participant ceases to own more than 5% of the Company in a
              subsequent year.

         (6)  If a Participant receives payments under this paragraph (c), such
              payments will be determined as if the Participant's Late
              Retirement Date were the date by which Retirement Income payments
              must be made under this paragraph (c). If the Participant
              continues to earn additional Accrued Benefits after this date, his
              or her Monthly Retirement Income will be redetermined on each
              January 1 following the date benefit payments commence. This
              redetermined benefit will be payable under the

                                       21
<PAGE>   26


                  Form of Retirement Income elected as of the Late Retirement
Date in accordance with 5.7.

                                       22
<PAGE>   27


                                    Article 6

                             Termination and Vesting

6.1      Vesting

         A Participant's vested Accrued Benefit will be equal to the sum of (a)
         and (b) below:

         (a)  The Participant's Accrued Benefit Attributable to the Old Plan
              Account determined in accordance with 4.2.

         (b)  Effective January 1, 1989, the Participant's Accrued Benefit
              Attributable to Company Contributions determined in accordance
              with multiplied by the vested percentage shown in the following
              table:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                  Years of Service                            Vested Percentage
                 <S>                                                  <C>                                          
                  Less than 5                                            0%
                  5 or more                                            100%
</TABLE>

         In addition, an Employee's Accrued Benefit will be 100% vested on and
         after his or her Normal Retirement Age. A Participant will receive
         vesting credit for Military Service to the extent required by the
         Military Selective Service Act (or any prior or subsequent
         corresponding law).

6.2      Termination Benefit

         (a)  A Terminated Vested Participant will have the option of:

              (1) withdrawing his or her Old Plan Account, in which event the
                  Participant would be entitled to his or her vested Accrued
                  Benefit Attributable to Company Contributions commencing on
                  Normal or Early Retirement Date, or

              (2) leaving his or her Old Plan Account in the Plan, in which
                  event the Participant would be entitled to his or her vested
                  Accrued Benefit commencing on Normal or Early Retirement Date.

         (b)  The monthly amount of Retirement Income payable to a Terminated
              Vested Participant who retires on his or her Normal Retirement
              Date will be equal to the vested Accrued Benefit (or, if the Old
              Plan Account has been withdrawn, the vested Accrued Benefit
              Attributable to Company Contributions) earned to the date of
              Termination of Employment. This Retirement Income will be subject
              to adjustment depending on the Form of Retirement Income elected
              in accordance with 5.7.

                                       23
<PAGE>   28


         (c)  The monthly amount of Retirement Income payable to a Terminated
              Vested Participant who retires on an Early Retirement Date will be
              equal to the Accrued Benefit (or, if the Old Plan Account has been
              withdrawn, the vested Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company
              Contributions) earned to the date of Termination of Employment
              adjusted in accordance with 5.3 for the date benefit payments
              commence and the Form of Payment elected.

         (d)  Except as provided in 13.8, the Old Plan Account of a Participant
              will not be distributed pursuant to this 6.2 unless the
              Participant elects such distribution and the spouse of the
              Participant consents to the distribution not more than 90 days
              prior to the date of such distribution. The spouse's consent must
              acknowledge the effect of the election and must be witnessed by a
              plan representative or notary public. The requirement for spouse's
              consent will be waived if the Participant establishes to the
              satisfaction of the Committee that such consent cannot be obtained
              because there is no spouse, the spouse cannot be located or
              because of such other circumstances as the Secretary of the
              Treasury may by regulations prescribe.

6.3      Reemployment After Termination of Employment

         (a)  If a Terminated Vested Participant is subsequently reinstated as
              an Active Participant, his or her Retirement Income will be based
              on the Participant's Accrued Benefit under the provisions of the
              Plan in effect as of his or her subsequent termination or
              retirement except that it may not be less than the Participant's
              Accrued Benefit as of the prior termination.

         (b)  If a Nonvested Former Participant is subsequently reinstated as an
              Active Participant before the number of consecutive one year
              Breaks in Service equals or exceeds five, the appropriate Years of
              Service and Accrued Benefit will be reinstated. The Accrued
              Benefit for service prior to such Termination of Employment will
              be based on the provisions of the Plan in effect as of his or her
              subsequent termination or retirement except that it may not be
              less than the Participant's Accrued Benefit as of the prior
              termination.

                                       24
<PAGE>   29


                                    Article 7

                               Disability Benefits

7.1      Determination of Disability

         A Participant has a total and permanent disability if:

         (a)  the Participant is no longer capable of performing the duties
              assigned to him or her by the Company due to physical or mental
              disability,

         (b)  the Participant is entitled to disability retirement income
              payments under Title II of the Federal Social Security Act, and

         (c)  the Participant is eligible for disability benefits under the
              Company's Long Term Disability Plan. 
              It will be the responsibility of the Participant to submit proof 
              of disability satisfactory to the Committee.

7.2      Eligibility for Disability Benefits

         Effective January 1, 1989, a Disabled Participant or former Disabled
         Participant may retire on a Disability Retirement Date if the
         Participant has completed five Years of Service. A Disabled Participant
         who has four or more Years of Service may be credited with one
         additional Year of Service in the year he or she becomes disabled or in
         the following year. For this purpose, one month of total and permanent
         disability will be deemed to equal 190 Hours of Service.

7.3      Disability Retirement Date

         If the Participant's total and permanent disability continues until the
         Participant's Normal Retirement Date, the Participant's Disability
         Retirement Date shall be the Normal Retirement Date. If a Disabled
         Participant's total and permanent disability ends before the Normal
         Retirement Date, the Participant may retire on an Early, Normal, or
         Late Retirement Date, whichever applies, and such date will be his or
         her Disability Retirement Date.

7.4      Disability Retirement Income

         A Disabled Participant will be entitled to a monthly Disability
         Retirement Income beginning on his or her Disability Retirement Date.
         The amount will be equal to the Accrued Benefit earned to the
         Disability Retirement Date adjusted under 5.3 to reflect the date
         benefit payments commence. Disability Retirement Income will also be
         subject

                                       25
<PAGE>   30


         to adjustment depending on the Form of Retirement Income elected in
         accordance with 5.7. In calculating the Accrued Benefit for purposes of
         this Article 7:

         (a)  Final Average Earnings will be the Final Average Earnings as of
              the earlier of the date of total and permanent disability or
              December 31, 1991.

         (b)  For Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 1992, and before
              the earlier of the Participant's Normal Retirement Date or the end
              of the Participant's total and permanent disability, Earnings for
              each Plan Year will be the (annualized) Earnings in the Plan Year
              of the date of initial total and permanent disability. However, a
              Disabled Participant who is credited with the additional Year of
              Service under 7.2 will not be credited with Earnings for more than
              one Plan Year as a Disabled Participant.

         (c)  A Disabled Participant will be deemed to earn Credited Service for
              the months before January 1, 1992, during which he or she is a
              Disabled Participant, provided that no Participant will be deemed
              to earn more than one month of Credited Service during any month.
              However, a Disabled Participant who is credited with the
              additional Year of Service under 7.2 will not be credited with
              more than one twelve month period of Credited Service as a
              Disabled Participant.

         (d)  Effective January 1, 1989, a Disabled Participant will be deemed
              to meet the 1,000 Hours of Service requirement in each Plan Year
              in which he or she is a Disabled Participant to accrue a benefit
              under 4.1. However, a Disabled Participant who is credited with
              the additional Year of Service under 7.2 will not be credited with
              more than one extra Year of Service as a Disabled Participant.

                                       26
<PAGE>   31


                                    Article 8

                                 Death Benefits

8.1      Pre-Retirement Death Benefit

         (a)  Death After Eligibility for Retirement

         If a Participant (other than a Retired Participant) dies on or
         after the earliest date on which he or she could retire in accordance
         with Article 3, his or her Eligible Spouse, if any, will receive a
         monthly benefit equal to the amount the Eligible Spouse would have been
         entitled to if the Participant had elected the 50% Spouse Option and
         retired on the first day of the month coinciding with or following the
         date of death. This benefit will be payable monthly to the Eligible
         Spouse beginning on the first day of the month coinciding with or next
         following the Participant's death and will continue until the death of
         the Eligible Spouse.

         (b)  Death Before Eligibility for Retirement

         If a Participant who has a vested interest in his or her Accrued
         Benefit dies prior to the earliest date on which the Participant could
         retire in accordance with Article 3, his or her Eligible Spouse, if
         any, will receive a monthly benefit equal to the amount the Eligible
         Spouse would have been entitled to if the Participant had:

              (1) terminated employment on his or her date of death (if the
                  Participant was an Employee on the date of death),

              (2) survived to the earliest date on which he or she could retire
                  in accordance with Article 3 (the "Earliest Retirement Date"),

              (3) elected the 50% Spouse Option and retired on such Earliest
                  Retirement Date, and

              (4) died immediately after retiring.

         This benefit will be payable monthly to the Eligible Spouse beginning
         on the Participant's Earliest Retirement Date and will continue until
         the death of the Eligible Spouse.

                                       27
<PAGE>   32


         (c)  Alternate Death Benefit For Active Participants

              In lieu of the benefit described in paragraph (a) or paragraph
              (b), the Eligible Spouse of an Active Participant who has
              completed ten Years of Service and who dies after attaining age 55
              will receive the greater of:

              (1) 25% of the Participant's Earnings on the date of death, where
                  the 25% factor is reduced by 1/2 of 1% for each year the
                  Participant's age exceeds the age of his or her spouse; or

              (2) the benefit that would have been paid had the Participant
                  retired on the date of death and elected an immediate 100%
                  Spouse Option;

              provided that this benefit will not be paid unless it is greater
              than the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit under (a) or (b),
              whichever is applicable.

         (d)  Alternate Death Benefit For Old Plan Accounts

              In lieu of the benefit described in (a) or (b), the Eligible
              Spouse of a Participant who has an Old Plan Account may elect to
              receive payment of the Old Plan Account as a lump sum payment as
              soon a practicable after the Participant's death. The
              Participant's Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company
              Contributions will be paid in accordance with (a) or (b),
              whichever applies.

         (e)  Benefits under this 8.1 will be paid as soon as practicable after
              the Participant's death except that the Eligible Spouse may elect
              to defer commencement of the benefit described in (a), (b), or (c)
              until any date which is before the Participant's Normal Retirement
              Date. An Eligible Spouse who makes an election under (d) may not
              defer receipt of the Old Plan Account.

         (f)  The benefit under (a) or (b) will apply to Terminated Vested
              Participants even if their Termination of Employment occurred
              prior to the effective date of these paragraphs.

8.2      Post-Retirement Death Benefit

         Death Benefits for a Retired Participant will be determined in
         accordance with the provisions of the applicable Form of Retirement
         Income elected.

                                       28
<PAGE>   33


8.3      Return of Old Plan Account

         Upon the death of the Participant or, if later, the death of the
         Eligible Spouse entitled to payments under 8.1 or 8.2, the
         Participant's remaining Old Plan Account, if any, will be paid to the
         Participant's Beneficiary. For purposes of this 8.3, the Participant's
         remaining Old Plan Account will be equal to the excess, if any, of:

         (a)  the Participant's Old Plan Account as of his or her date of death
              or, if earlier, Retirement Date over

         (b)  the sum of all amounts previously paid from the Trust Fund on such
              Participant's behalf.

                                       29
<PAGE>   34


                                    Article 9

                               Financing The Plan

9.1      Company Contributions

         (a)  The Company expects to make the contributions necessary to provide
              the benefits of the Plan. Such contributions will not be less than
              the amount necessary to meet the minimum funding standards of
              ERISA.

         (b)  All contributions will be deposited in the Trust Fund and will be
              disbursed in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and the
              Trust Agreement. All benefit payments under the Plan will be paid
              from the Trust Fund. No person will have any interest in, or right
              to, any part of the assets of the Plan except as expressly
              provided in the Plan.

         (c)  Gains arising from experience under the Plan will not serve to
              increase the benefits otherwise due any Participant, but will be
              used to reduce future Company contributions.

9.2      Return of Company Contributions

(a)      Except as provided below and in 10.2, the assets of the Plan will never
         inure to the benefit of the Company and will be held for the exclusive
         purposes of providing benefits to Participants of the Plan and their
         Beneficiaries and defraying reasonable expenses of administering the
         Plan.

(b)      If a contribution is made by the Company by a mistake of fact, such
         contribution will be returned to the Company provided this is done
         within one year after the payment of such contribution.

(c)      Contributions are conditioned upon their current deductibility under
         Code Section 404. If a contribution deduction is disallowed, to the
         extent the deduction is disallowed, such contribution will be returned
         to the Company within one year after the disallowance.

9.3      Employee Contributions

         The Company pays the entire cost of the Plan. No employee contributions
         or rollovers are required or permitted.

                                       30
<PAGE>   35


                                    Article 10

                               Financing The Plan

10.1     Termination of Plan

         The Company expects to continue the Plan indefinitely but reserves the
         right to terminate the Plan in whole or in part.

10.2     Procedures Upon Termination of Plan

         Upon termination of the Plan, the following provisions will apply:

         (a)  Upon complete termination of the Plan, the Accrued Benefit of each
              Active or Inactive Participant will become fully vested and
              nonforfeitable (to the extent funded). No additional Employees
              will become Participants.

              Upon partial termination of Plan, the Accrued Benefit of each
              Active or Inactive Participant who is affected by such partial
              termination will become fully vested and nonforfeitable (to the
              extent funded).

         (b)  The assets of the Plan available to provide benefits will be
              allocated among Participants and their Beneficiaries in the manner
              and order prescribed by ERISA Section 4044.

              If any assets of the Plan remain after all liabilities of the Plan
              to Participants and their Beneficiaries have been satisfied or
              provided for, any residual assets will be paid to the Company,
              provided such payment does not contravene any provision of law.

                                       31
<PAGE>   36


                                   Article 11

                              Top-Heavy Provisions

11.1     Top-Heavy Plan

         Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, this
         article will apply if the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan. The Plan will be a
         Top-Heavy Plan if, as of the Determination Date, the present value of
         the cumulative accrued benefits of Key Employees exceeds sixty percent
         of the present value of the cumulative accrued benefits under the Plan
         of all Participants and Beneficiaries (but excluding the value of the
         accrued benefits of former Key Employees and individuals who have not
         performed any services for the Company during the five year period
         ending on the Determination Date). This percentage will be computed in
         accordance with Code Section 416(g).

         In determining whether this Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan, all employers
         that are aggregated under Code Sections 414(b), (c) and (m) will be
         treated as a single employer. In addition, all plans that are part of
         the Aggregation Group will be treated as a single plan. In determining
         present values, mortality will be based on the 1984 Unisex Pension
         Mortality Table and the interest rate utilized will be five percent.

11.2     Definition of Terms

         For purposes of this article only, the following terms will have the
         following meanings:

         (a)  "Aggregation Group" means the Required Aggregation Group or, at
              the election of the Company, the Permissive Aggregation Group.

         (b)  "Average Compensation" means the Participant's Compensation
              averaged over the five consecutive Plan Years in which the
              Participant earned a Year of Service (if such Year of Service is
              not disregarded pursuant to 11.4) and in which the Participant's
              aggregate Compensation was the greatest. If the Participant
              received Compensation in fewer than five such Plan Years, his or
              her Compensation will be averaged over such lesser number of Plan
              Years.

         (c)  "Compensation" for purposes of this article and 13.9 only means a
              Participant's wages from the Company within the meaning of Code
              Section 3401(a), and all other payments of compensation to the
              Participant by the Company (in the course of the Company's trade
              or

                                       32
<PAGE>   37


              business), for which the Company is required to furnish a written
              statement to the Participant under Code Sections 6041(d) and
              6051(a)(3) (IRS Form W-2 - wages, tips and other compensation).

              Compensation will also be limited by the $200,000 and $150,000
              limits as described in 1.14

         (d)  "Determination Date" means the last day of the preceding Plan
              Year. This date will also be the valuation date for determining
              present values.

         (e)  "Key Employee" means an Employee, a former Employee, or the
              Beneficiary of a former Employee who, in the Plan Year containing
              the Determination Date, or any of the four preceding Plan Years,
              is:

              (1) An officer of the Company having an annual compensation from
                  the Company greater than 50 percent of the amount in effect
                  under Code Section 415(b)(1)(A) for the calendar year in which
                  any such Plan Year ends. Not more than fifty Employees (or, if
                  fewer, the greater of three Employees or ten percent of the
                  Employees not excluded under Code Section 414(q)(8)),
                  including those Employees included under paragraphs (2), (3)
                  and (4) below, will be considered as officers for purposes of
                  this subparagraph.

              (2) One of the ten Employees having an annual Compensation from
                  the Company greater than the amount in effect under Code
                  Section 415(c)(1)(A) for the calendar year in which any such
                  Plan Year ends and owning (or considered as owning within the
                  meaning of Code Section 318) both more than a one-half percent
                  interest and the largest interests in the Company.

              (3) A five-percent owner of the Company.

              (4) A one-percent owner of the Company having an annual
                  Compensation from the Company of more than $150,000 for a Plan
                  Year.

              Whether an Employee is a five-percent owner or a one-percent owner
              will be determined in accordance with Code Section 416(i).

              Neither the aggregation rules nor the rules under Code Sections
              414(b), (c) and (m) will apply in determining whether an Employee
              is a five-percent owner or a one-percent owner.

                                       33
<PAGE>   38


         (f)  "Non-key Employee" means an Employee (and any Beneficiary of an
              Employee) who is not a Key Employee.

         (g)  "Permissive Aggregation Group" means the Required Aggregation
              Group of plans plus any other plan or plans of the Company which,
              when considered as a group with the Required Aggregation Group,
              would continue to satisfy the requirements of Code Sections
              401(a)(4) and 410.

         (h)  "Required Aggregation Group" means:

              (1) Each stock bonus, pension, or profit sharing plan of the
                  Company in which a Key Employee participates in the Plan Year
                  containing the Determination Date or any of the four preceding
                  Plan Years which is intended to qualify under Code Section
                  401(a); and

              (2) Each other such stock bonus, pension or profit sharing plan of
                  an employer which enables any plan in which a Key Employee
                  participates to meet the requirements of Code Sections
                  401(a)(4) or 410.

         (i)  "Top-Heavy Group" means the Aggregation Group if the sum of (1)
              and (2) below exceeds sixty percent of a similar sum determined
              for all Employees (excluding former Key Employees and individuals
              who have not performed any services for the Company during the
              five year period ending on the Determination Date):

              (1) The present value of the cumulative accrued benefit for Key
                  Employees under all defined benefit plans included in such
                  group.

              (2) The aggregate of the accounts of Key Employees under all
                  defined contribution plans included in such group.

              In a Top-Heavy Group, all plans in the Required Aggregation Group
              are Top-Heavy regardless of whether or not the individual plans
              are Top-Heavy.

11.3     Modification of Vesting Schedule

         If the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan in a Plan Year, a Participant who is
         credited with an Hour of Service in such Plan Year will have his or her
         Vested Percentage for Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company
         Contributions determined in accordance with the following schedule if
         it produces a higher Vested Percentage than the schedule in 6.1(b).

                                       34
<PAGE>   39
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


         Years of Service                                Vested Percentage
         ----------------                                -----------------
           <S>                                                <C>
            Less than 2                                          0%
                  2                                             20%
                  3                                             40%
                  4                                             60%
                  5                                             80%
             6 or more                                         100%
</TABLE>

         A Participant's vested Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company
         Contributions will not be less than that determined as of the last day
         of the last Plan Year in which the Plan was a Top-Heavy Plan.

         If the Plan ceases to be Top-Heavy, each Participant with three or more
         Years of Service (determined as of the first day of the Plan Year in
         which the Plan ceases to be Top-Heavy) will continue to have his or
         her Vested Percentage for Accrued Benefit Attributable to Company
         Contributions determined in accordance with this 11.3.

11.4     Minimum Benefit

         If the Plan is Top-Heavy in a Plan Year, the Accrued Benefit as of the
         last day of such Plan Year for any Participant who is not a Key
         Employee, but who is employed or on an Authorized Period of Absence in
         such Plan Year, will not be less than the Actuarial Equivalent of an
         annual benefit payable in the form of a straight life annuity beginning
         on the Participant's Normal Retirement Date equal to the lesser of (i)
         two percent of the Participant's Average Compensation multiplied by
         Years of Service or (ii) twenty percent of the Participant's Average
         Compensation. For purposes of this 11.4, any Year of Service will be
         disregarded if:

              (1) the Plan was not a Top-Heavy Plan for any Plan Year ending
                  during such Year of Service, or

              (2) such Year of Service ended in a Plan Year beginning before
                  January 1, 1984.

         A Participant's Accrued Benefit as of any subsequent date will not be
         less than that determined as of the last day of the Plan Year in which
         the Plan was a Top-Heavy Plan.

11.5     Modification of Maximum Benefit

         If the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan in a Plan Year, 13.9(i)(1)(b) and
         13.9(i)(2)(b) will be amended for such Plan Year by substitution of
         "100%" for "125%" where such percentage appears therein.

                                       35
<PAGE>   40


                                   Article 12

                           Administration of the Plan

12.1     Administration

         (a)  The Retirement Committee ("Committee") will consist of three or
              more individuals who will be appointed by the Board of Directors
              of the Company. The Committee will serve as Plan Administrator and
              as the named fiduciary pursuant to ERISA. The Committee will have
              complete control of the administration of the Plan, subject to the
              provisions hereof, with all powers necessary to enable it to carry
              out its duties properly in that respect. Not in limitation, but in
              amplification of the foregoing, it will have the power to
              interpret the Plan and to determine all questions that may arise
              hereunder, including all questions relating to the eligibility of
              Employees to participate in the Plan and the amount of benefit to
              which any Participant or Beneficiary may become entitled. Its
              decisions upon all matters within the scope of its authority will
              be final.

         (b)  The Committee will establish rules and procedures to be followed
              by Participants and Beneficiaries in filing applications for
              benefits, in furnishing and verifying proofs necessary to
              determine age or marital status, and in any other matters required
              to administer the Plan.

         (c)  The Committee will receive all applications for benefits and will
              determine all facts necessary to establish the right of the
              applicant to benefits under the provisions of the Plan and the
              amount thereof.

         (d)  The Committee will maintain accounts showing the fiscal
              transactions of the Plan, and will keep data required for the
              valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Plan. The Committee
              will also prepare an annual report showing in reasonable detail
              the assets and liabilities of the Plan and giving a brief account
              of the operation of the Plan for each year. The Committee will
              make the annual report available to each Participant as required
              by law.

         (e)  The Committee will appoint an enrolled actuary to make actuarial
              valuations of the liabilities of the Plan, to recommend the amount
              of contributions to be made by the Company and to perform such
              other services as the Committee will deem necessary or desirable
              in connection with the administration of the Plan. The Committee
              may also appoint such accountants, counsel, consultants and other
              persons the

                                       36
<PAGE>   41


              Committee deems necessary or desirable in connection with the
              administration of the Plan.

         (f)  The Committee will have the power to appoint or remove any
              Investment Manager or Managers and to manage (including the power
              to acquire and dispose of) any assets of the Plan.

         (g)  The Committee will have the power to appoint or remove the
              Trustee.

         (h)  The Committee will be entitled to rely upon all tables,
              valuations, certificates and reports furnished by the accountant,
              consultant, administrator or actuary appointed by the Committee
              and upon all opinions given by any counsel selected or approved by
              it.

12.2     Records

         All acts and determinations of the Committee and the Company regarding
         this Plan will be duly recorded and all such records, together with
         such other documents as may be necessary for the administration of the
         Plan, will be preserved in the custody of the Committee.

12.3     Payment of Expenses

         All expenses that arise in connection with the administration of the
         Plan, including, but not limited to, the compensation of any enrolled
         actuary, accountant, legal counsel, consultant or other person who will
         be employed by the Committee in connection with the administration
         thereof, may be paid from the assets of the Plan.

12.4     Delegation of Authority

         The administrative duties and responsibilities set forth in 12.1 may be
         delegated by the Committee in whatever manner and extent it chooses to
         such person or persons as it selects. It will notify the Company and
         the Trustee of the authority conferred upon such person or persons.

12.5     Information Available

         Any Participant in the Plan or any Beneficiary receiving benefits under
         the Plan may examine copies of the Plan description, latest annual
         report, any bargaining agreement, the Plan, the Trust Agreement or any
         other instrument under which the Plan was established or is operated.
         The Committee will maintain all of these items in its office, or in
         such other place or places as it may designate from

                                       37
<PAGE>   42


         time to time for examination during reasonable business hours. Upon the
         written request of a Participant or Beneficiary receiving benefits
         under the Plan, the Committee will furnish a copy of any item listed in
         this 12.5. The Committee may make a reasonable charge to the requesting
         person for the copy furnished.

12.6     Claims Procedure

         The Committee will adopt procedures for the presentation of claims for
         benefits and for the review of the denial of such claims by the
         Committee. Detailed information regarding such procedures may be
         obtained by writing to the Retirement Committee. The decision of the
         Committee upon such review will be final, subject to appeal rights
         provided by law.

12.7     Fiduciary Capacity

         Any person may serve in more than one fiduciary capacity with respect
         to this Plan.

12.8     Committee Liability

         The members of the Committee will use ordinary care and diligence in
         the performance of their duties, but no member will be personally
         liable by virtue of any contract, agreement, or other instrument made
         or e xecuted as a member of the Committee, nor for any mistake of
         judgment made by him or her or by any other member, nor for any loss
         unless resulting from willful misconduct or failure to exercise good
         faith. No member of the Committee will be liable for the neglect,
         omission, or wrongdoing of any other member or of the agents or
         counsel of the Committee. The Company will indemnify each member of the
         Committee against, and hold him or her harmless from any and all
         expenses and liabilities arising out of any act or omission to act as a
         member of the Committee, except such liabilities and expenses as are
         due to willful misconduct or failure to exercise good faith.

                                       38
<PAGE>   43

                                   Article 13

                               General Provisions

13.1     Amendment of Plan

         (a)  The Company may amend the Plan at any time. Such amendments may
              include any remedial retroactive changes to comply with the
              requirements of any law or regulation issued by any governmental
              agency to which the Company is subject. No amendment will diminish
              or adversely affect any accrued interest or benefit of
              Participants or their Beneficiaries, except as may be required to
              comply with the requirements of any law or regulation issued by
              any governmental agency to which the Company is subject.

         (b)  If any amendment to the Plan changes the vesting schedule, each
              Participant who is an Employee with at least three Years of
              Service may elect to remain under the vesting schedule of the Plan
              prior to such amendment. If the Participant does not make the
              election within a reasonable time (as may be determined pursuant
              to governmental regulations from time to time), such Participant
              will be subject to the vesting schedule under the Plan as amended.
              In no event will the vesting percentage of the Participant's
              Accrued Benefit be reduced below the percentage attained by the
              Participant prior to such amendment.

         (c)  In no event will a Participant who terminates or retires on or
              after the date any amendment to the Plan is effective receive less
              than his or her vested percentage multiplied by the Accrued
              Benefit prior to such date. This amount will be adjusted for the
              date of retirement and form of payment on the basis in effect
              prior to such amendment.

         (d)  If any amendment to the Plan eliminates an optional form of
              payment, a Participant may continue to elect such form of payment
              with respect to any Accrued Benefit earned prior to the effective
              date of such amendment.

13.2     Employment Status

         Nothing contained in the Plan will be deemed to give any Employee the
         right to be retained in the employ of the Company or to interfere with
         the rights of the Company to discharge any Employee at any time.


                                       39
<PAGE>   44


13.3     Mergers or Consolidations

         If this Plan merges or consolidates with, or transfers its assets or
         liabilities to any other qualified plan of deferred compensation, no
         Participant will, as a result of such merger, consolidation or
         transfer, be entitled to a benefit on the day following such event
         which is less than the benefit to which he or she is entitled on the
         day preceding such event. For purposes of this 13.3, the benefit to
         which a Participant is entitled will be calculated based upon the
         assumption that a Plan termination and distribution of assets occurred
         on the day as of which the Participant's entitlement is being
         determined.

13.4     Provision Against Anticipation

         No benefit under the Plan will be subject in any manner to
         anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge,
         encumbrance, charge or other legal process, and any attempt to do so
         will be void. The preceding sentence will not apply to a qualified
         domestic relations order pursuant to Code Section 414(p).

13.5     Facility of Payment

         If any Participant or Beneficiary is physically or mentally incapable
         of giving a valid receipt for any payment due him and no legal
         representative has been appointed for such Participant or Beneficiary,
         the Committee may direct the Trustee to make such payment to any person
         or institution maintaining such Participant or Beneficiary and the
         release of such person or institution will be a valid and complete
         discharge for such payment. Any final payment or distribution to any
         Participant, the legal representative of the Participant, or to any
         Beneficiaries of such Participant in accordance with the provisions
         herein will be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Plan, the
         Committee, the Trustee and the Company arising under or by virtue of
         the Plan.

13.6     Construction

         The validity of the Plan or any of its provisions will be determined
         under and will be construed according to federal law and, to the extent
         permissible, according to the laws of the State of Washington. If any
         provision of the Plan is held illegal or invalid for any reason, such
         determination will not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan and
         the Plan will be construed and enforced as if said illegal or invalid
         provision had never been included.


                                       40
<PAGE>   45


13.7     Legal Actions

         The Committee will be the necessary party to any action or proceeding
         involving the assets held with respect to the Plan or the
         administration thereof. No Employee, Participant, former Participant or
         their Beneficiaries, or any other person having or claiming to have an
         interest in the Plan will be entitled to any notice or process. Any
         final judgment that may be entered in any such action or proceeding
         will be binding and conclusive on all persons having or claiming to
         have any interest in the Plan.

13.8     Payment of Small Benefits

         Effective January 1, 1989, if a Participant terminates employment,
         dies, or retires and the Actuarial Equivalent value of any benefit
         payable under the Plan to such Participant or his or her Beneficiary
         does not exceed $3,500, the Committee will pay the Actuarial Equivalent
         value of such benefit to the Participant or Beneficiary in a lump sum.
         This payment must be made before the first day of the first period for
         which an amount is payable as an annuity unless the Participant and the
         Participant's spouse, if any, give written consent. If a lump sum
         payment is made, no other benefit under the Plan will be due to the
         Participant or Beneficiary unless the Participant repays such amount
         with interest at the rate of five percent per year. Such repayment must
         be made prior to the earlier of:

         (1)  the fifth anniversary of the Participant's reemployment date, or

         (2)  the date the Participant incurs five consecutive one year Breaks
              in Service.

         If the Participant's Vested Percentage is zero, the Participant will be
         deemed to have received a distribution of the Vested Percentage of his
         or her Accrued Benefit and to have forfeited the nonvested percentage
         of his or her Accrued Benefit. The deemed distribution will be deemed
         repaid if the former Participant is reemployed by the Company before
         the date the former Participant incurs five consecutive one-year Breaks
         in Service. If repayment is made, the Accrued Benefit which the
         Participant had earned prior to the date he or she terminated
         employment will be reinstated pursuant to 6.3.

         If the Actuarial Equivalent value of the Participant's benefit at the
         time of a distribution exceeds $3,500, then such value at any
         subsequent time will be deemed to exceed $3,500.

                                       41
<PAGE>   46


13.9     Maximum Retirement Benefit

         (a)  For purposes of this 13.9 only, the following definitions will
              apply:

              (1)  "Annual Benefit" means a retirement  benefit payable annually
                   in the form of a straight life annuity.  A benefit payable in
                   a form other than a straight life annuity will be adjusted to
                   be the Actuarial Equivalent of a straight life annuity before
                   applying the limitations of this 13.9.  However, no actuarial
                   adjustment  will be made for the value of a  qualified  joint
                   and  survivor  annuity or the value of benefits  that are not
                   directly related to retirement benefits.

              (2)  "Compensation" has the meaning defined in 11.2(c).

              (3)  "Limitation Year" means a Plan Year.

              (4)  "Social  Security  Retirement  Age" means the age used as the
                   retirement age for a Participant  under Section 216(l) of the
                   Social  Security Act except that such section will be applied
                   without  regard  to the age  increase  factor,  and as if the
                   early retirement age under Section 216(l)(2) of such Act were
                   62.

         (b)  The Annual Benefit of a Participant may not at any time within a
              Limitation Year exceed the lesser of (1) or (2) below:

              (1)  $98,064 for 1989. Each January 1 this $98,064 limitation will
                   automatically  be  adjusted  to  the  new  dollar  limitation
                   prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury for that calendar
                   year.  The new  limitation  will  apply to  Limitation  Years
                   ending within the calendar year of the date of adjustment.

              (2)  100% of the annual average of the Participant's  Compensation
                   from the Company for the three  consecutive  Limitation Years
                   (or all Limitation  Years,  if fewer than three),  which give
                   the highest average.

         (c)  If the Annual Benefit payable to a Participant under this Plan and
              all other defined benefit plans of the Company does not exceed
              $10,000 and the Company has not maintained a defined contribution
              plan in which the Participant participated, the maximum otherwise
              imposed by this 13.9 will not apply.


                                       42
<PAGE>   47


         (d)  Service or participation less than ten years

              (1)  If a Participant has completed less than ten years of
                   participation in the Plan the limit otherwise imposed by
                   13.9(b)(1) will be multiplied by the ratio of the
                   Participant's years (or part thereof) of participation in the
                   Plan to ten. This ratio will not be less than one-tenth.

              (2)  If a Participant has completed less than ten Years of
                   Service, the limits otherwise imposed by 13.9(b)(2) and 
                   13.9(c) will be multiplied by the ratio of the Participant's 
                   Years of Service (or part thereof) to ten. This ratio will 
                   not be less than one-tenth.

              (3)  To the extent provided by the Secretary of the Treasury, this
                   13.9(d) will be applied separately with respect to each
                   change in the benefit structure of the Plan.

         (e)  If a Participant's benefit payments are to commence before the
              Participant's Social Security Retirement Age, the maximum benefit
              amount will be reduced as follows:

              (1)  If the Participant's benefit payments are to commence at or
                   after age 62 and the Participant's Social Security Retirement
                   age is 65, the amount described in 13.9(b)(1) will be reduced
                   by five-ninths of one percent for each month by which
                   benefits commence before the month in which the Participant
                   attains age 65 or,

              (2)  If the Participant's benefit payments are to commence at or
                   after age 62 and the Participant's Social Security Retirement
                   age is greater than 65, the amount described in 13.9(b)(1)
                   will be reduced by five-ninths of one percent for each of the
                   first 36 months and five twelfths of one percent for each of
                   the additional months (up to 24) by which benefits commence
                   before the month in which the participant attains Social
                   Security Retirement Age.

              (3)  If the Participant's benefit payments are to commence prior
                   to the month in which the Participant attains age 62, the
                   maximum benefit amount described in 13.9(b)(1) will reduced
                   to the Actuarial Equivalent of the limit at age 62 determined
                   pursuant to 13.9(e)(1) or 13.9(e)(2). For purposes of this
                   13.9(e) and 13.9(f) only, actuarial


                                       43
<PAGE>   48


                   equivalence will be computed using an interest rate of 5% and
                   the 1984 Unisex Pension Mortality Table.

         (f)  If a Participant's benefit payments are to commence after the
              Participant's Social Security Retirement Age, the maximum benefit
              amount described in 13.9(b)(1) will be actuarially increased.

         (g)  If the Accrued Benefit of any Participant as of the close of the
              last Limitation Year beginning before January 1, 1987 exceeds the
              benefit limitations under Code Section 415(b) then, for purposes
              of Code Section 415(b) and (e) such Participant's defined benefit
              dollar limitation under Code Section 415(b)(1) will be equal to
              his or her Accrued Benefit, determined as of such date as if the
              Participant had separated from service on that date. For purposes
              of this paragraph, any changes in the terms and conditions of the
              Plan or cost of living adjustments occurring after May 5, 1986
              will be disregarded.

         (h)  All defined benefit plans of the Company, terminated or not, will
              be considered as one plan for purposes of the limitations
              specified under this 13.9, and all entities of a controlled group
              of entities will be considered as one employer.

         (i)  In any case in which a person is a Participant in both a defined
              benefit plan and a defined contribution plan maintained by the
              Company or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, the sum of
              (1) and (2) below for any Limitation Year may not exceed 1.0:

              (1)  The defined benefit plan fraction for such Limitation Year is
                   equal to the quotient of (A) divided by (B) below:

                   (A)  The Annual Benefit of the Participant under the Plan and
                        all other defined benefit plans (determined as of the
                        close of such Limitation Year).

                   (B)  The lesser of 125% of the amount described in 13.9(b)(1)
                        and 140% of the amount described in 13.9(b)(2).

                   If the Employee was a participant in one or more defined
                   benefit plans maintained by the Company, or any Affiliate or
                   Subsidiary of the Company, which were in existence on May 5,
                   1986, the amount calculated in (B) will not be less than 125%
                   of the Employee's accrued benefit under such


                                       44
<PAGE>   49


                   defined benefit plans as of December 31, 1986, determined
                   without regard to any change in the terms or conditions of
                   the plan made after May 5, 1986, and without regard to any
                   cost of living adjustment occurring after May 5, 1986. The
                   preceding sentence only applies if the defined benefit plans
                   individually and in the aggregate satisfied the requirement
                   of Code Section 415 as in effect on December 31, 1986.

              (2)  The defined contribution plan fraction for such Limitation
                   Year is equal to the quotient of (A) divided by (B) below:

                   (A)  The aggregate of the annual additions to the
                        Participant's account under said defined contribution 
                        plan as of the close of such Limitation Year.

                   (B)  The lesser of 125% of the maximum annual additions to
                        such account for all Years of Service with the Company,
                        or 1.4 multiplied by 25% of the Participant's
                        Compensation for all Years of Service with the Company.

                   If the Plan satisfied the applicable requirements of Code
                   Section 415 as in effect for the last Plan Year beginning
                   before January 1, 1987, an amount will be subtracted from the
                   amount calculated in (A) (but not reducing the amount in (A)
                   to less than zero) so that the sum of the defined benefit
                   fraction and defined contribution fraction computed under
                   Code Section 415(e)(1) does not exceed 1.0 for such Plan Year
                   (determined as if the changes to Code Section 415 made by the
                   Tax Reform Act of 1986 and any technical corrections to such
                   act were in effect for such Plan Year).

              (3)  If the sum of (1) and (2) exceeds 1.0, the Annual Benefit
                   under this Plan will be limited to such amount as will reduce
                   such sum to 1.0.

13.10    Additional Benefit Limits for Highly Compensated Employees

         (a)  For purposes of this 13.10 only, the following definitions will
              apply:

              (1)  "Benefit" means benefits under the Plan and includes any
                   loans in excess of the amounts set forth in Code Section
                   72(p)(2)(A), any annual periodic income, any withdrawal
                   values payable to


                                       45
<PAGE>   50


                   a living Employee and any death benefits not provided by
                   insurance on the Employee's life.

              (2)  "Current Liabilities" is defined in Code Section 412(l)(7)
                   provided that the Company may elect to use the value of
                   current liabilities as reported on Schedule B of the Plan's
                   most recent timely filed Form 5500 or Form 5500 C/R.
                   Alternatively, the Company may determine current liabilities
                   as of a later date.

              (3)  "Highly Compensated Employee" means:

                   (A)  Any Employee who performs services for the Controlled
                        Group during the determination year and who, during the
                        look-back year:

                        (i)  received Total Earnings in excess of $75,000 (as
                             adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury for the
                             relevant year),

                        (ii) received Total Earnings in excess of $50,000 (as
                             adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury for the
                             relevant year) and was a member of the top-paid
                             group for such year, or

                        (iii) was an officer (within the meaning of Code Section
                             416(i)) of the Controlled Group and received Total
                             Earnings during such year that were greater than
                             50% of the dollar limitation in effect under Code
                             Section 415(b)(1)(A).

                   (B)  Any Employee who is both (i) described in 12.10(a)(3)(A)
                        if the term "determination year" is substituted for the
                        term "look-back year" and (ii) is one of the 100
                        Employees who received the most Total Earnings from the
                        Controlled Group during the determination year.

                   (C)  Any Employee who is a 5% owner (as defined in Code
                        Section 416(i)(1)(A)(iii)) of the Company at any time
                        during the look-back year or the determination year.

                   (D)  If no officer has satisfied the compensation requirement
                        of 12.10(a)(3)(A)(iii) during either a determination
                        year or look- back year, the highest paid officer for
                        such determination year will be treated as


                                       46
<PAGE>   51


                        a Highly Compensated Eligible Employee if such officer
                        is an Eligible Employee. No more than 50 Employees (or
                        if less, the greater of three Employees or 10% of the
                        Employees) will be treated as officers.

                   (E)  For purposes of this 13.10 the following definitions
                        apply. The determination year is the Plan Year. The
                        look-back year is the 12-month period immediately
                        preceding the determination year. The top-paid group is
                        the top 20% of Employees ranked on the basis of
                        compensation received during the year and will be
                        determined in accordance with Code Section 414(q)(8) and
                        the regulations thereunder.

                   (F)  An Employee who is a 5% owner or one of the 10 highly
                        compensated employees in the Controlled Group paid the
                        greatest amount of Total Earnings during the Plan Year
                        and such Employee's spouse, lineal ascendants or
                        descendants and the spouses of such lineal ascendants or
                        descendants will be treated as a single Employee for
                        purposes of this 13.10.

              (4)  "Highly Compensated Former Employee" means any former
                   Employee who was a Highly Compensated Employee for a
                   separation year (as defined in Treasury Regulation section
                   1.414(q)-1T) or for any determination year ending on or
                   after the Employee attains age 55, as provided by Code
                   Section 414(q)(9) and the regulations thereunder.

              (5)  "Restricted Amount" is the excess of the accumulated amount
                   of distributions to a Restricted Employee over the
                   accumulated amount of the payments that would have been paid
                   under:

                   (A)  a straight life annuity that is the actuarial equivalent
                        of the Restricted Employee's Benefit (other than a
                        social security supplement), plus

                   (B)  the amount of the payments that the Restricted Employee
                        is entitled to receive under a social security
                        supplement.

                        For this purpose, an "accumulated amount" is the amount
                        of a payment increased by a reasonable amount of
                        interest from the date the payment was made (or would
                        have been made)


                                       47
<PAGE>   52


                        until the date for the determination of the Restricted
                        Amount.

              (6)  "Restricted Employee" for any Plan Year means one of the 25
                   Highly Compensated Employees or Highly Compensated Former
                   Employees with the greatest compensation.

         (b)  In the event the Plan is terminated, the Benefit payable to any
              Highly Compensated Employee and any Highly Compensated Former
              Employee will be limited to a benefit which is nondiscriminatory
              under Code Section 401(a)(4).

         (c)  Prior to Plan termination, the annual payment to a Restricted
              Employee under the Plan will be limited to an amount equal to the
              annual payment that would have been paid under a straight life
              annuity that is the actuarial equivalent to the Restricted
              Employee's Benefit (not including any social security supplement)
              plus the amount of any social security supplement payments the
              Restricted Employee is entitled to receive.

         (d)  13.10(c) will not apply if:

              (1)  after payment of all Benefits to the Restricted Employee, the
                   value of Plan assets is 110% or more of the value of Current
                   Liabilities,

              (2)  the value of Benefits payable to the Restricted Employee is
                   less than one percent of the value of Current Liabilities, or

              (3)  the present value of the Benefits payable to the Restricted
                   Employee is $3,500 or less, or

              (4)  upon receipt of a distribution from the Plan, the Restricted
                   Employee deposits in escrow property having a fair market
                   value equal to at least 125% of the Restricted Amount or,
                   alternatively, posts a bond or letter of credit in an amount
                   equal to at least 100% of the Restricted Amount.

13.11    Eligible Rollover Distribution

         (a)  This 13.11 applies to distributions made on or after January 1,
              1993. Notwithstanding any provision of the plan to the contrary
              that would otherwise limit a distributee's election under this
              13.11, a distributee may elect, at the time and in the manner
              prescribed by the plan administrator, to have any portion of an
              eligible rollover distribution paid directly to an


                                       48
<PAGE>   53


              eligible retirement plan specified by the distributee in a direct
              rollover.

         (b)  Definitions.

              (1)  Eligible rollover distribution: An eligible rollover
                   distribution is any distribution of all or any portion of the
                   balance to the credit of the distributee, except that an
                   eligible rollover distribution does not include: any
                   distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal
                   periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) made
                   for the life (or life expectancy) of the distributee or the
                   joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the distributee
                   and the distributee's designated beneficiary, or for a
                   specified period of ten years or more; any distribution to
                   the extent such distribution is required under Code Section
                   401(a)(9); and the portion of any distribution that is not
                   includible in gross income (determined without regard to the
                   exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect to
                   employer securities).

              (2)  Eligible retirement plan: An eligible retirement plan is an
                   individual retirement account described in Code Section
                   408(a), an individual retirement annuity described in Code
                   Section 408(b), an annuity plan described in Code Section
                   403(a), or a qualified trust described in Code Section 401(a)
                   that accepts the distributee's eligible rollover
                   distribution. However, in the case of an eligible rollover
                   distribution to the surviving spouse, an eligible retirement
                   plan is an individual retirement account or individual
                   retirement annuity.

              (3)  Distributee: A distributee includes an employee or former
                   employee. In addition, the employee's or former employee's
                   surviving spouse and the employee's or former employee's
                   spouse or former spouse who is the alternate payee under a
                   qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Code
                   Section 414(p), are distributees with regard to the interest
                   of the spouse or former spouse.

              (4)  Direct rollover: A direct rollover is a payment by the plan
                   to the eligible retirement plan specified by the distributee.


                                       49
<PAGE>   54


13.12    Procedures with Respect to Domestic Relations Orders

         (a)  In the event that a domestic relations order is received by the
              Plan, the Committee shall promptly notify the affected Participant
              and any alternate payee (or such payee's designated
              representative) of the receipt of such order and the Plan's
              procedures for determining the qualified status of such order
              under Code Section 414(p). The Committee shall then, within a
              reasonable period after receipt of such order, determine whether
              such order is a qualified domestic relations order and notify the
              Participant and each alternate payee (or such payee's designated
              representative) of its determination. If a Participant or an
              alternate payee is dissatisfied with the determination of the
              Committee, the Participant may appeal the Committee's decision by
              following the Plan procedure for appealing denied claims.

         (b)  The term "domestic relations order" as used herein means any
              judgment, decree, or order (including approval of a property
              settlement agreement) which relates to the provision of child
              support, alimony payments, or marital property rights to a spouse,
              former spouse, child, or other dependent of a Participant, and is
              made pursuant to State law. The term "qualified domestic relations
              order" means a domestic relations order which assigns to an
              alternate payee the right to receive all or a portion of the
              benefits payable with respect to a Participant under the Plan, and
              meets the following requirements:

              (1)  A qualified domestic relations order must clearly specify:

                   (A)  Then name and last known mailing address of the
                        Participant and of each alternate payee,

                   (B)  The amount or percentage of the Participant's benefit to
                        be paid by the Plan to each alternate payee, or the
                        manner in which such percentage is to be determined,

                   (C)  The number of payments or period to which such order
                        applies, and

                   (D)  Each plan of the Company to which it applies.

              (2)  A qualified domestic relations order may not require the Plan
                   to provide:


                                       50
<PAGE>   55


                   (A)  Increased benefits (on the basis of actuarial value),

                   (B)  Benefits to an alternate payee which are required to be
                        paid to another alternate payee under another order
                        previously determined to be a qualified domestic
                        relations order, or

                   (C)  Any type or form of benefit, or any option, not
                        otherwise provided under the Plan except that benefits
                        (to the extent vested) may be paid to an alternate payee
                        on or after the date which is ten years before the
                        Participant's Normal Retirement Age without regard to
                        whether the Participant has terminated employment.

         (c)  During any period in which the qualified status of a domestic
              relations order is being determined, the Committee shall direct
              the Trustee to separately account for the amounts (referred to as
              "segregated amounts") which would have been payable to the
              alternate payee during such period if the order had been
              determined to be qualified. If within 18 months the order (or
              modification thereof) is determined to be a qualified domestic
              relations order, the Committee shall allow payment of such
              segregated amounts to the alternate payee. Otherwise, the
              segregated amounts shall be paid without regard to the court
              order.

     Executed this 16th day of December, 1994 at Salt Lake City, Utah.


                                       ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                                       by   /s/ Harris H. Simmons
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                President

ATTEST:

  /s/ Gary L. Anderson
- --------------------------------------
      Secretary



                                       51
<PAGE>   56


                                   Appendix I

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                                  PENSION PLAN

                        Joint and Survivor Option Factors

An Employee retiring at any age will have the following factors applied to his
or her Accrued Benefit.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               Joint & Survivor Option
                                                                       50%                 66 2/3%                100%
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                  <C> 
Spouse same age as Employee                                            .880                 .850                 .790

For each year the Spouse is younger than
the Employee subtract                                                 -.005                -.006                -.008

For each year the Spouse is older than
the Employee add                                                      +.005                +.006                +.008
</TABLE>

The maximum adjustment for age differential is limited to 20 years.


                                       52
<PAGE>   57


                                   Appendix II

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                                  PENSION PLAN

                                Lump Sum Factors

         For the purpose of calculating the lump sum equivalent of a
         Participant's Accrued Benefit as of any date in a Plan Year commencing
         after December 31, 1985, the 1984 Unisex Pension Mortality Table is
         used together with the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation's interest
         rate(s) for valuing benefits under plans terminating on the first day
         of such Plan Year; provided that in no event shall such lump sum be
         less than the present value as of December 31, 1985 of a Participant's
         Accrued Benefit to December 31, 1985 on the basis of the following
         actuarial factors.

         Actuarial factors used prior to December 31, 1985 for valuing a
         deferred annuity of $1 per year commencing at age 65 and payable in
         monthly installments:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      Age                Factor            Age                Factor
      ---                ------            ---                ------
       <S>               <C>                <C>               <C>   
       32                0.6404             49                2.4180
       33                0.6920             50                2.6182
       34                0.7479             51                2.8357
       35                0.8082             52                3.0721
       36                0.8735             53                3.3292
       37                0.9441             54                3.6090
       38                1.0205             55                3.9138
       39                1.1031             56                4.2458
       40                1.1925             57                4.6080
       41                1.2892             58                5.0034
       42                1.3939             59                5.4356
       43                1.5073             60                5.9088
       44                1.6301             61                6.4279
       45                1.7632             62                6.9983
       46                1.9075             63                7.6261
       47                2.0639             64                8.3184
       48                2.2337             65                9.0836
</TABLE>
                                               

                                       53
<PAGE>   58


                                  Appendix III

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                                  PENSION PLAN

                    Early Retirement Old Plan Account Factors

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      Age                         Factor
                      ---                         ------
                       <S>                        <C>
                       55                          .500
                       56                          .533
                       57                          .567
                       58                          .600
                       59                          .633
                       60                          .667
                       61                          .733
                       62                          .800
                       63                          .867
                       64                          .933
                       65                         1.000
</TABLE>

                                       54
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>ZIONS PENSION PLAN; RETIREMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                                 Amendment No. 1

                                     to the

                        Zions Bancorporation Pension Plan

The Zions Bancorporation Pension Plan, as restated effective January 1, 1994, is
amended effective December 1, 1994 by adding a new Section 13.13 as follows:

         13.13    Retirement Incentive Program

                           (a)      A Participant is eligible for the retirement
                                    incentive program under this section if:

                                    (1)     the Participant is age 58 or over on
                                            December 1, 1994, and

                                    (2)     the Participant has five or more 
                                            Years of Service as of December 1,
                                            1994, and

                                    (3)     the Participant makes an election to
                                            retire, in accordance with
                                            procedures established by the
                                            Company, during the period beginning
                                            on December 1, 1994 and ending on
                                            February 28, 1995.

                           (b)      A Participant who is eligible under (a) for
                                    the retirement incentive program may elect
                                    to retire on any day on and after December
                                    1, 1994 and before but including March 1,
                                    1995. Except as provided in (c) below, the
                                    monthly amount of Retirement Income payable
                                    to such Participant will be equal to the
                                    Accrued Benefit earned to the date of his or
                                    her retirement. The Accrued Benefit
                                    Attributable to the Old Plan Account as of
                                    such retirement date is determined under
                                    4.4. This Retirement Income will be subject
                                    to adjustment depending on the Form of
                                    Payment elected in accordance with 5.7.

                           (c)      A Participant who retires pursuant to the
                                    provisions of this section on a day which is
                                    not the first day of a calendar month shall
                                    receive a partial payment of his or her
                                    Monthly Retirement Income for the partial
                                    month of retirement. The partial payment
                                    will be equal to a pro rata portion of the
                                    Participant's Monthly Retirement Income
                                    based


<PAGE>   2


                                    on the number of days of retirement in the
                                    month compared to the total number of days
                                    in the month.

Executed this           16th           day of          December         , 
              -------------------------       --------------------------       
1994 at Salt Lake City, Utah.
                                                                            
                                                            ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                                                      by   /s/ Harris H. Simmons
                                                        ------------------------
                                                               President

ATTEST:

  /s/ Gary L. Anderson
- ------------------------
         Secretary

12/8/94
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>ZIONS SR. MANAGEMENT VALUE SHARING PLAN 1994-1997
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.9

                              Zions Bancorporation
                      Senior Management Value Sharing Plan
                             Award Period: 1994-1997

Objective:

To provide an ongoing multi-year incentive for the senior managers of Zions
Bancorporation and its subsidiaries which:

A.   Focuses managers attention on the creation of long-term shareholder value;

B.   Creates an incentive that promotes teamwork across departments and
     subsidiaries, and which encourages managers to balance profit center
     accountability with Company-wide goals; and,

C.   Complements the short-range annual bonuses which reflect the achievement of
     annual objectives and the Company's short-term profitability.

Eligibility:

Participants in the Plan shall consist of the senior management group and
certain other key managers) of the Company and its major subsidiaries.
Participants for each Award Period shall be specifically identified by the
Company's Board of Directors (the "Board") or its Executive Compensation
Committee (the "Committee" ) .

Allocation of Awards:

It is anticipated that during the first quarter of each year in which the Plan
operates, the Board of Directors shall approve the establishment of a pool of
Award Funds to be generated during the Award Period, according to the general
formula outlined below. Participants shall be designated by the Board or the
Committee. Claims against the pool of Award Funds for each Award Period shall be
represented by Participation Units ("PU's"), and each participant shall be
allocated a specific number of PU's by the Committee. The PU's shall represent a
pro-rata claim, in proportion to the total PU's designated for that Award
Period, on any Award Funds generated by the Plan during the Award Period.

Term:

Each Award Period shall consist of a continuous four-calendar year period. The
Plan is intended to constitute a "moving four-year-average' incentive plan, with
the anticipation that a new Award Period would be designated each year, with
multiple Award Periods overlapping one another. Nevertheless, the establishment
of a new Award Period each year is subject to the Board's discretion.


<PAGE>   2


Determination of Award Funds:

The amount of Award Funds in the pool for each Award Period shall be a function
of the mathematical average return on shareholders' equity ("AROE") for each of
the four years in the Award Period, together with the aggregate earnings per
share ("AEPS") during the Award Period.

Each year, the Committee shall establish minimum targets for AROE and AEPS for
the Award Period. These minimum targets would both be required to be reached in
order for any Award Funds to be earned. Additionally, the Committee may
designate Award Fund allocation amounts based upon the achievement of higher
levels of AROE, with upward adjustment possible if higher levels of AEPS are
achieved. The Committee may also designate other conditions and to ensure the
Plan's integrity and consistency with shareholder and depositor interests.

The 1994-1997 Award Period formula for the determination of total Award Funds is
as follows:

     * Minimum AROE: 14.00
     * Minimum AEPS: $18.20

Funding of 1994-1997 Award Fund Pool:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                AROE                    Cumulative Award 
                                                             Funds
                                ----                    ----------------
                               <S>                         <C>       
                                 14%                        $        0
                                 15%                           287,000
                                 16%                           638,000
                                 17%                         1,151,000
                                 18%                         1,583,000
                                 19%                         2,174,000
                                 20%                         2,582,000
                                 21%                         3,277,000
                                 22%                         3,965,000
</TABLE>


Interim amounts shall be calculated by interpolation.

The basic Award Fund amount would be further modified by multiplying the
cumulative Award Funds by l+[(AEPS - $18.20)/21.7], with a maximum AEPS figure
of S25.35 (resulting in a 33% maximum upward adjustment in the Award Funds.


<PAGE>   3


For the 1994-97 Award Period, the following parameters shall be established, and
adjustments made to the Company's earnings calculations, for purposes of
determining Award Funds available under the Plan:

1).   The Plan is intended to create an incentive for increasing shareholder
      value. however, this is not to be accomplished by reducing capital levels
      or assuming extraordinary or unwarranted risks. Accordingly, it is
      expected that total risk-based capital levels shall be maintained at a
      level at least 125% of regulatory requirements.

2).   The Company's reserve levels are to be conservatively maintained. To the
      extent that the consolidated Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses is less
      than 110% of the peer group level, as expressed in terms of
      reserves/non-current loans as reported in the most current uniform Bank
      Performance Report available at January 31, 1997, an appropriate
      adjustment shall be made to after-tax earnings (for purposes of
      calculating Award Funds only) to compensate for any deficit relative to
      the 110% minimum target level. Actual reserve levels are, of course,
      subject to Board and/or regulatory decisions. No upward adjustments shall
      be made in "pro forma earnings in the event actual reserve levels exceed
      110% of the peer group target.

3).   Unless determined otherwise by the Board, in the event of any merger
      involving an acquisition by Zions for the exchange of Zions' shares in a
      pooling-of-interests transaction, earnings per share prior to the
      acquisition date shall, for the purpose of calculating AEPS during the
      Award Period, be determined using Zions' un-restated numbers.

Other Terms and Conditions:

The Plan is to be governed and interpreted by the Committee, whose decisions
shall be final. The terms of the Plan are subject to change or termination at
their sole discretion.

The Company shall retain the right to withhold payment of Award Funds to
participants in the event of a significant deterioration in the Company's
'financial condition, or if so required by regulatory authorities, or for any
other reason considered valid by the Board in its sole discretion.

Participants shall not vest in any benefits available under the Plan until the
conclusion of each Award Period. Nevertheless, upon death, permanent disability,
or normal or early retirement, participants (or their estates) shall be eligible
to receive a proportionate share of Award Funds based upon the number of PU's
granted, and the number of full calendar quarters the participant was engaged as
an officer of the Company or its subsidiaries prior to death, disability, or
retirement.


<PAGE>   4


The PU's shall not be transferable without the express approval of the
Committee.

In the event of the merger or acquisition of the Company, the Plan shall be
terminated as of the end of the fiscal quarter preceding the first full quarter
before the transaction is consummated. The Board may make any reasonable
estimates or adjustments possible in calculating Award Funds for any Award
Period, and may, in its sole discretion, distribute benefits to the
participants.

Earnings per share calculations shall be adjusted to reflect any stock splits,
stock dividends, or other such changes in capitalization, at the discretion of
the Committee.

The award of PU's to any participant shall not confer any right with respect to
continuance of employment by the Company or its subsidiaries, nor limit in any
way the right of the Company to terminate his or her employment at any time,
with or without cause.


<PAGE>   5


                                    APPENDIX

                ZIONS BANCORPORATION VALUE-SHARING PLAN: 1994-97

                     Calculation of Participation Unit Value

Average Annual ROE ("AROE")

If the AROE is:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      Over                 But not over           The basic value of a Participation Unit is
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     <S>                  <C>                    <C>                        <C>                                              
      14.00%               14.99%                 $0.00 + $.0271              per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 14.00%

      15.00%               15.99%                 $2.71 + $.0330              per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 15.00%
      16.00%               16.99%                 $6.01 + $.0485              per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 16.00%
      17.00%               17.99%                 $10.86 + $.0407             per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 17.00%
      18.00%               18.99%                 $14.93 + $.0558             per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 18.00%
      19.00%               19.99%                 $20.51 + $.0385             per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 19.00%
      20.00%               20.99%                 $24.36 + $.0656             per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 20.00%
      21.00%               21.99%                 $30.92 + $.0648             per basis point of the amount
                                                                              over 21.00%
      22.00%                                      $37.40
</TABLE>

Aggregate E.P.S. ("AEPS") Modifier:

The basic Participation unit value determined above shall be - adjusted as
follows:

If AEPS for 1994-97 is less than $18.20, the Participation Units shall have no
value.

If AEPS is greater than $18.20, the basic amount determined based on AROE shall
be multiplied by a factor of:

l+[(AEPS-$18.20)/21.7] (with a maximum factor of 1.33) to arrive at a final
total, value of each Participation Unit.

                         ******************************

Example: If AROE is 18.16% and AEPS is $21.03, each Participation Unit would be 
worth $17.89.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ZIONS EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT PENSION PLAN; JAN.1,'94
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.10


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION

                        EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT PENSION PLAN

                            Effective January 1, 1994


<PAGE>   2


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                 Page
<S>                                                                                                               <C>
Introduction.................................................................................................      1
                                                                                                                   
Article 1-     Definitions...................................................................................      2
        1.1    Accrued Benefit...............................................................................      2
        1.2    Code..........................................................................................      2
        1.3    Committee.....................................................................................      2
        1.4    Company.......................................................................................      2
        1.5    Effective Date................................................................................      2
        1.6    ERISA.........................................................................................      2
        1.7    Executive Management Plan Benefit.............................................................      2
        1.8    Executive Management Retirement Income........................................................      2
        1.9    Participant...................................................................................      2
        1.10   Pension Plan..................................................................................      2
        1.11   Pension Plan Benefit..........................................................................      2
        1.12   Plan..........................................................................................      2
        1.13   Retirement Date...............................................................................      2
        1.14   Unrestricted Pension Plan Benefit.............................................................      2
                                                                                                                   
Article 2-     Participation.................................................................................      3
        2.1    Participants..................................................................................      3
                                                                                                                   
Article 3-     Executive Management Retirement Income........................................................      4
        3.1    Amount of Accrued Benefit.....................................................................      4
        3.2    Executive Management Retirement Income........................................................      4
        3.3    Forms of Retirement Income....................................................................      4
                                                                                                                   
Article 4      Termination and Vesting.......................................................................      5
        4.1    Vesting.......................................................................................      5
                                                                                                                   
Article 5      Disability Benefits...........................................................................      6
        5.1    Payment of Disability Benefit.................................................................      6
                                                                                                                   
Article 6      Death Benefits................................................................................      7
        6.1    Preretirement Death Benefit...................................................................      7
        6.2    Postretirement Death Benefit..................................................................      7
                                                                                                                   
Article 7      General Provisions............................................................................      8
        7.1    Unfunded Obligation...........................................................................      8
        7.2    Administration................................................................................      8
        7.3    Employment Status.............................................................................      8
        7.4    Amendment and Termination of Plan.............................................................      8
        7.5    Provision Against Anticipation................................................................      8
        7.6    Facility of Payment...........................................................................      8
        7.7    Withholding Taxes.............................................................................      9
        7.8    Applicable Law................................................................................      9
</TABLE>  


<PAGE>   3


                                  Introduction

Zions Bancorporation recognizes the value of services performed by its
executives and desires to provide them with full pension benefits even when
those benefits exceed the limits on benefits which can be provided by Zions
Bancorporation Pension Plan. This reflects Zions Bancorporation's recognition
that the value of services provided by its executives may not be adequately
reflected in the retirement benefits provided under its tax qualified retirement
plans.

Accordingly, this Executive Management Pension Plan is established supplement
benefits provided to executives under the tax qualified Zions Bancorporation
Pension Plan.


<PAGE>   4


                                    Article 1

                                   Definitions

1.1      Accrued Benefit means the monthly amount of benefit credited to a 
         Participant in accordance with Section 3.1.

1.2      Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.3      Committee means the Retirement Committee appointed to administer the 
         Pension Plan.

1.4      Company means Zions Bancorporation and any affiliate or subsidiary
         which adopts this Plan with the consent of the Board of Directors of
         Zions Bancorporation.

1.5      Effective Date means January 1, 1994.

1.6      ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
         amended.

1.7      Executive Management Plan Benefit means a Participant's monthly accrued
         benefit under this Plan determined in accordance with Section 3.1.

1.8      Executive Management Retirement Income means a Participant's monthly
         retirement income under this Plan determined in accordance with Article
         3.

1.9      Participant means an employee or former employee of the Company who is
         eligible for an Executive Management Plan Benefit in accordance with
         Article 2.

1.10     Pension Plan means the Zions Bancorporation Pension Plan as it may be 
         amended from time to time.

1.11     Pension Plan Benefit means a Participant's monthly accrued benefit 
         under the Pension Plan.

1.12     Plan means the Zions Bancorporation Executive Management Pension Plan.

1.13     Retirement Date means a Participant's normal, early, late, or
         disability retirement date determined under the Pension Plan.

1.14     Unrestricted Pension Plan Benefit means a Participant's monthly accrued
         benefit under the Pension Plan, determined without regard to the
         limitations on benefits imposed by Code Section 415 or the limitation
         on compensation taken into account under the Pension Plan imposed under
         Code Section 401(a)(17).


<PAGE>   5


                                    Article 2

                                  Participation

2.1      Participants

         The Board of Directors shall determine the Participants in this Plan,
         provided that each Participant shall be an employee of the Company who
         is an active participant in the Pension Plan on or after the Effective
         Date and who meets the following requirements:

         (a)      the employee is, or has been, a member of the Company's 
                  Executive Management Committee on or after the Effective 
                  Date, and

         (b)      the employee is (1) employed in a management position with the
                  Company having principal responsibility for the management,
                  direction and success of the Company as a whole or a
                  particular business unit thereof, or (2) a highly compensated
                  employee of the Company within the meaning of ERISA Section
                  401.


<PAGE>   6


                                    Article 3

                     Executive Management Retirement Income

3.1      Amount of Accrued Benefit

         A Participant's Executive Management Plan Benefit is equal to the
         excess of the Participant's Unrestricted Pension Plan Benefit over the
         Participant's Pension Plan Benefit.

3.2      Executive Management Retirement Income

         A Participant's monthly Executive Management Retirement Income
         commencing on his or her retirement Date will be equal to his or her
         Executive Management Plan Benefit as of such date adjusted to reflect
         the form of retirement income elected and, in the case of an early
         retirement date, adjusted to reflect the age of the Participant on the
         date benefit payments commence.

3.3      Forms of Retirement Income

         The forms of retirement income available under this Plan are the same
         as those described in the Pension Plan. A Participant's election of any
         form of retirement income or benefit commencement date under the
         Pension Plan will be deemed to apply to any Executive Management
         Retirement Income under this Plan.


<PAGE>   7


                                    Article 4

                             Termination and Vesting

4.1      Vesting

         The Company will provide an Executive Management Plan Benefit to a
         Participant who terminates employment with the Company equal to his or
         her vested Accrued Benefit. A Participant's vested interest in his or
         her Accrued Benefit will be equal to the Accrued Benefit multiplied by
         the Participant's vested percentage under the Pension Plan.

         All rights to any Executive Management Plan Benefit payable under this
         Plan, including the payment of any unpaid benefit installments, will be
         immediately forfeited if any of the following events occur:

         (a)    The Company terminates the Participant's employment for any act
                of willful malfeasance or gross negligence in the performance of
                his or her duties.

         (b)    The Participant enters into competition with the Company without
                the prior written permission of Company's Board of Directors.


<PAGE>   8


                                    Article 5

                               Disability Benefits

5.1      Payment of Disability Benefit

         A Participant who is eligible for disability retirement income under
         the Pension Plan shall be entitled to disability retirement income
         under this Plan to the extent the Participant's Unrestricted Pension
         Plan Benefit exceeds the Participant's Pension Plan Benefit. The
         provisions of the Pension Plan shall apply for determining disability,
         eligibility, and disability retirement income.


<PAGE>   9


                                    Article 6

                                 Death Benefits

6.1      Preretirement Death Benefit

         A Participant's spouse or other beneficiary who qualifies for a
         preretirement death benefit under the Pension Plan shall be entitled to
         a preretirement death benefit under this Plan. The amount of such
         benefit, if any, will be based on the Participant's vested interest in
         his or her Accrued Benefit under this Plan and will be determined in
         the same manner as set forth in the applicable section of the Pension
         Plan. In addition, such benefit will be payable as provided under the
         Pension Plan.

6.2      Postretirement Death Benefit

         Death benefits payable after a Participant's retirement shall be
         determined according to the form of retirement income elected by the
         Participant upon retirement.


<PAGE>   10


                                    Article 7

                               General Provisions

7.1      Unfunded Obligation

         The benefits provided by this Plan shall be an unfunded obligation of
         the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies from
         its general funds, to create any trusts, or to make any special
         deposits with respect to this obligation. Title to and beneficial
         ownership of any investments which the Company may make to fulfill its
         obligation shall at all times remain in the Company.

7.2      Administration

         The Committee shall have complete control of the administration of the
         Plan, subject to the provisions hereof, with all powers necessary to
         enable it to carry out its duties properly in that respect. In
         addition, it will have the power to construe the terms of the Plan and
         to determine all questions that may arise hereunder, including all
         questions relating to the eligibility of employees to participate in
         the Plan and the amount of benefit to which any Participant or
         beneficiary may become entitled. The Committee's decisions upon all
         matters within the scope of its authority will be final.

7.3      Employment Status

         Nothing contained in the Plan will be deemed to give any employee the
         right to be retained in the employ of the Company or to interfere with
         the rights of the Company to discharge any employee at any time.

7.4      Amendment and Termination of Plan

         The Company may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No
         amendment, suspension or termination may impair the right of a
         Participant or his or her beneficiary to receive benefits accrued under
         the Plan as of the date the amendment, suspension or termination if
         adopted.

7.5      Provision Against Anticipation

         No benefit under the Plan shall be subject any manner to anticipation,
         alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge or
         other legal process, and any attempt to do so shall be void.

7.6      Facility of Payment

         If any Participant or beneficiary is physically or mentally incapable
         of giving a valid receipt for any payment due him or her and no legal
         representative has been appointed for such Participant or beneficiary,
         the Committee may make such payment to any person or institution
         maintaining such Participant or beneficiary, and the release of such
         person or institution will be a valid and 
<PAGE>   11

         complete discharge for such payment. Any final payment or distribution
         to any Participant, the legal representative of the Participant, or to
         any beneficiaries of such Participant in accordance with the provision
         herein will be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Company
         arising under or by virtue of the Plan.

7.7      Withholding Taxes

         Appropriate tax withholding shall be made from payments to Participants
         pursuant to this Plan or from other wages of Participants as required
         under applicable law.

7.8      Applicable Law

         This Plan shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws
of the State of Utah.

Executed this           16th           day of          December         , 1994 
              -------------------------       --------------------------      
at Salt Lake City, Utah.
                                                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                                                      by  /s/  Harris H. Simmons
                                                         -----------------------
                                                         President

ATTEST:

  /s/ Gary L. Anderson
- -------------------------------
         Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>ZIONS' SUBSIDIARIES AT DEC. 31, 1994
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

                      ZIONS BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                              AT DECEMBER 31, 1994
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               SUBSIDIARY                                                                          STATE
              -----------                                                                          -----
<S>                                                                         <C>    
Zions First National Bank                                                        Federally chartered doing business in Utah

Nevada State Bank                                                                                  Nevada

National Bank of Arizona                                                       Federally chartered doing business in Arizona

Lockhart Realty Company                                                                             Utah

Great Western Financial Corporation                                                                 Utah

Zions Credit Corporation                                                                            Utah

Zions Data Service Company                                                                          Utah

Zions Insurance Agency, Inc.                                                                        Utah

Zions Life Insurance Company                                                                      Arizona
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>KPMG PEAT MARWICK CONSENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23

                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

Zions Bancorporation:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Zions Bancorporation's (i)
Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 33-52586) and related Prospectus pertaining
to the Zions Bancorporation Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase
Plan, (ii) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-52878) and related Prospectus
pertaining to Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock Savings Plan, and (iii)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-52796) and related Prospectus pertaining
to Zions Bancorporation Employee Investment Savings Plan, of our report dated
January 24, 1995, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Zions
Bancorporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994, which report
appears in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.
Our report refers to changes in accounting principles relating to the adoption
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statements of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than
Pensions", No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes", and No. 115, "Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities".

The audit referred to in the above-mentioned report also included the related
financial schedule entitled Short-term Borrowings, for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 1994, included in Part II, Item 7 on page
38. In our opinion, such financial schedule presents fairly the information
required to be set forth therein for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 1994.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in Zions Bancorporation's
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-52878) of Zions Bancorporation Employee
Stock Savings Plan of our report dated March 15, 1995, relating to the net
assets available for benefits of Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock Savings
Plan as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related statements of changes in
net assets available for benefits for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 1994, which report appears in this annual report on Form 11-K
for the year ended December 31, 1994.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in Zions Bancorporation's
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-52796) of Zions Bancorporation Employee
Investment Savings Plan of our report dated March 15, 1995, relating to the net
assets available for benefits of Zions Bancorporation Employee Investment
Savings Plan as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related statements of
changes in net assets available for benefits for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 1994, which report appears in this annual
report on Form 11-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

                                                           KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Salt Lake City, Utah
March 28, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 9
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1994 AND RELATED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994 INCLUDED IN THE
COMPANY'S FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                         316,943
<INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS>                          19,704
<FED-FUNDS-SOLD>                               383,742
<TRADING-ASSETS>                               316,948
<INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE>                    315,578
<INVESTMENTS-CARRYING>                       1,030,907
<INVESTMENTS-MARKET>                         1,018,798
<LOANS>                                      2,931,278
<ALLOWANCE>                                     67,018
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               4,934,095
<DEPOSITS>                                   3,705,976
<SHORT-TERM>                                   631,723
<LIABILITIES-OTHER>                             70,873
<LONG-TERM>                                    159,753
<COMMON>                                        79,193
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     286,577
<TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY>               4,934,095
<INTEREST-LOAN>                                230,261
<INTEREST-INVEST>                              123,728
<INTEREST-OTHER>                                     0
<INTEREST-TOTAL>                               353,989
<INTEREST-DEPOSIT>                              90,958
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             155,383
<INTEREST-INCOME-NET>                          198,606
<LOAN-LOSSES>                                    2,181
<SECURITIES-GAINS>                               (299)
<EXPENSE-OTHER>                                174,900
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 94,727
<INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY>                      63,827
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    63,827
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     4.37
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     4.37
<YIELD-ACTUAL>                                    3.98
<LOANS-NON>                                     13,635
<LOANS-PAST>                                     3,041
<LOANS-TROUBLED>                                   567
<LOANS-PROBLEM>                                      0
<ALLOWANCE-OPEN>                                68,461
<CHARGE-OFFS>                                   11,661
<RECOVERIES>                                     6,729
<ALLOWANCE-CLOSE>                               67,018
<ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC>                            10,115
<ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN>                                  0
<ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED>                         56,903
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>11-K ANNUAL REPORT FOR YEAR ENDING DEC. 31, 1994
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                  -------------
                                    FORM 11-K
                                  ------------- 

                                 ANNUAL REPORT

                        Pursuant to Section 15(d) Of The
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                      For the Year Ended December 31, 1994

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                           EMPLOYEE STOCK SAVINGS PLAN

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                             1380 Kennecott Building
                           Salt Lake City, Utah 84133


<PAGE>   2


ITEM 1.       CHANGES IN THE PLAN

The Plan was completely amended and restated as of October 1, 1992, with certain
provisions retroactively effective as of January 1, 1989. In 1994, the Plan was
amended for the purpose of maintaining its qualification under the Internal
Revenue Code pursuant to the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and, in order to conform the
Plan to the requirements of the Unemployment Compensation Act of 1992 and the
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993.

ITEM 2.       CHANGES IN INVESTMENT POLICY

No material changes were made during the fiscal year in the policy with respect
to the kind of securities and other investments in which funds held under the
plan may be invested.

ITEM 3.       CONTRIBUTIONS UNDER THE PLAN

The Company's contributions are measured by reference to employee contributions
and are not discretionary.

ITEM 4.       PARTICIPATING EMPLOYEES

There were 1,700 participating employees in the Plan on December 31, 1994.

ITEM 5.       ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

(a)    Zions Bancorporation is the Plan administrator. The Company's Board of
       Directors has appointed an Administrative Committee consisting of six
       persons. The Committee has full power and authority to administer the
       Plan and to interpret its provisions. The present members of the
       Committee and their positions held are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                Member                                        Position - Company
          ------------------              ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>       <C>                             <C>    
           Harris H. Simmons                President and Chief Executive Officer of Zions Bancorporation

           Gary L. Anderson                 Senior Vice President of Zions Bancorporation

           Peter K. Ellison                 Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank

           W. David Hemingway               Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank

           Richard G. Crandall              Vice President of Zions First National Bank

           Russell W. Miller                President of Zions Insurance Agency, Inc.
</TABLE>

       The address of each fiduciary listed above is 1380 Kennecott Building,
       Salt Lake City, Utah 84133.

(b)    No compensation is paid to the Committee members by the Plan.  All 
       expenses of the Plan and its administration are paid by the Company.


<PAGE>   3


ITEM 6.       CUSTODIAN OF INVESTMENTS

(a)    Zions First National Bank, One South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah  
       84133 is the custodian and trustee.

(b)    The custodian and trustee receive no compensation from the Plan.

ITEM 7.       REPORTS TO PARTICIPATING EMPLOYEES

Participating employees are furnished an annual statement reflecting the status
of their accounts as of the end of the fiscal year.

ITEM 8.       INVESTMENT OF FUNDS

Substantially all of the assets of the Plan are invested in securities of the
Company.

ITEM 9.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(a)    Financial Statements

          Report of Independent Auditors

          Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits - December 31, 1994 
              and 1993

          Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits - Years
              ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

          Notes to Financial Statements

          Schedules - Schedules I, II, and III have been omitted for the reasons
              that they are not required or are not applicable, or the required
              information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.

(b)    Exhibits - None


<PAGE>   4
                          Independent Auditors' Report

The Trust Committee
Zions Bancorporation
  Employee Stock Savings Plan:

We have audited the accompanying statements of net assets available for benefits
of Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock Savings Plan as of December 31, 1994 and
1993, and the related statements of changes in net assets available for benefits
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the plan's administrator. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the
plan's administrators, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the net assets available for benefits of Zions
Bancorporation Employee Stock Savings Plan as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the changes in net assets available for benefits for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

                                              KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Salt Lake City, Utah
March 15, 1995


<PAGE>   5


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                           EMPLOYEE STOCK SAVINGS PLAN

                 Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits

                           December 31, 1994 and 1993
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                          1994             1993
                                                                                       -----------       ---------
<S>                                                                                  <C>               <C>    
Assets:                                                                                
     Zions Bancorporation common stock (approximate cost of $8,035,000 in 1994
        and $5,366,000 in 1993)                                                        $ 9,994,955       7,943,160
     Short-term investment fund                                                             17,032          61,243
                                                                                       -----------       ---------
                                                                                        10,011,987       8,004,403
   Contributions receivable:
     Employees                                                                              88,524         114,948
     Zions Bancorporation                                                                   44,262          57,475

   Dividends receivable                                                                     83,582          60,243

   Interest receivable                                                                         349               -
                                                                                       -----------       ---------
           Total assets                                                                 10,228,704       8,237,069
                                                                                       -----------       ---------
Liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                                            669           6,805
   Excess contribution refunds                                                              15,816           7,073
                                                                                       -----------       ---------
           Total liabilities                                                                16,485          13,878
                                                                                       -----------       ---------
Net assets available for benefits                                                      $10,212,219       8,223,191
                                                                                       ===========       =========
</TABLE>





See accompanying notes to financial statements.


<PAGE>   6


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                           EMPLOYEE STOCK SAVINGS PLAN

           Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          1994              1993           1992
                                                                       -----------        --------       ---------
<S>                                                                  <C>                 <C>            <C>    
Additions (deductions) to net assets attributed to:
   Net appreciation (depreciation) in market value of investment
      in Zions Bancorporation common stock                             $  (410,576)       (516,233)      2,333,081
   Dividends                                                               294,770         200,330         106,606
   Interest                                                                  3,343           1,543             269
                                                                       -----------        --------       ---------
                                                                          (112,463)       (314,360)      2,439,956
                                                                       -----------        --------       ---------
   Contributions:                                 
     Employees                                                           1,964,913       1,806,956         400,265
     Zions Bancorporation                                                  982,463         903,477         200,133
                                                                       -----------        --------       ---------
                                                                         2,947,376       2,710,433         600,398
                                                                       -----------       ---------       ---------
   Transfer of assets from Zions Bancorporation Employee
      Investment Savings Plan                                                    -        -              1,390,989
                                                                       -----------       ---------       ---------
           Total additions                                               2,834,913       2,396,073       4,431,343

Deductions from net assets attributed to benefits paid
   directly to participants                                                845,885         525,906         706,422
                                                                       -----------       ---------       ---------
           Net increase                                                  1,989,028       1,870,167       3,724,921

Net assets available for benefits:
   Beginning of year                                                     8,223,191       6,353,024       2,628,103
                                                                       -----------       ---------       ---------
   End of year                                                         $10,212,219       8,223,191       6,353,024
                                                                       ===========       =========       =========  
</TABLE>





See accompanying notes to financial statements.


<PAGE>   7




                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                           EMPLOYEE STOCK SAVINGS PLAN

                          Notes to Financial Statements

                        December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

(1)      Description of the Plan

         Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock Savings Plan (the Plan) is a single
         employer contributory plan that is designed to provide retirement
         benefits for eligible employees under an after tax salary reduction
         arrangement by offering employees an opportunity to acquire stock
         ownership in Zions Bancorporation (the Company). The Plan is subject to
         the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
         (ERISA).

(2)      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

         The following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed
         by the Plan in the preparation of its financial statements.

         (a)    Basis of Presentation

                The Plan's financial statements are presented on the accrual
                basis of accounting.

         (b)    Investments

                The investment in common stock of the Company is carried at
                market value in the accompanying financial statements. The
                investment in the short-term investment fund represents a cash
                equivalent. Purchases and sales of investments are recorded on a
                settlement-date basis which does not materially differ from
                using the trade-date basis required by generally accepted
                accounting principles.

         (c)    Costs of Administration

                All costs of administration are absorbed by the Company.

(3)      Eligibility

         Participation in the Plan is voluntary. An employee is eligible to
         participate on January 1, or July 1, whichever coincides with, or
         immediately follows, the latter of the date on which the employee
         completes at least 1,000 hours of service during 12 continuous months
         and attains the age of 21. As of December 31, 1994 and 1993, there were
         1,700 participants and 1,524 participants, respectively, in the Plan.


<PAGE>   8
                             ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                         EMPLOYEE STOCK SAVINGS PLAN

                        Notes to Financial Statements

(4)      Employee and Company Contributions

         Each eligible employee who elects to participate makes contributions
         ranging from one to five percent of their total compensation. Company
         contributions are equal to 50 percent of the amount contributed by the
         employee.

(5)      Allocation of Income or Loss

         Net appreciation (depreciation) in market value of investments,
         dividends, and interest income are allocated to each participant's
         account in proportion to the investment shares held in that
         participant's account to the total of investment shares held in the
         Plan.

(6)      Vesting and Payment of Benefits

         Employee contributions and the employees' share of the Company
         contributions are 100 percent vested at all times. Benefits are paid
         upon death, disability, retirement, or earlier subject to certain
         restrictions. Benefits are paid in shares of stock.

(7)      Income Taxes

         The Plan obtained its latest determination letter on November 5, 1985,
         in which the Internal Revenue Service stated that the Plan, as then
         designed, was in compliance with the applicable requirements of the
         Internal Revenue Code. The Plan has been amended since receiving the
         determination letter. The Company is in the process of obtaining a new
         letter for the Plan. The application for approval of the amendments
         will be filed with the IRS by the March 31, 1995 deadline. However, the
         plan administrator and the Plan's tax counsel believe that the Plan is
         currently designed and being operated in compliance with the applicable
         requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, they believe that
         the Plan was qualified and the related trust was tax-exempt as of the
         financial statement date.

(8)      Investment

         At December 31, 1994 and 1993, investment in common stock of the
         Company consisted of 278,605 and 214,680 shares, respectively.


<PAGE>   9
                             ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                         EMPLOYEE STOCK SAVINGS PLAN
                                      
                        Notes to Financial Statements

(9)      Plan Amendments

         The Plan became effective on January 1, 1978, and has been amended and
         restated at various times thereafter. The Plan was completely amended
         and restated as of October 1, 1992. In addition, the Plan was amended
         in 1994 to include employees from recently acquired National Bank of
         Arizona and Rio Salado Bancorporation. The following summarizes the
         Plan's amended areas:

         (a)    Participant Contributions

                Participants can elect either a pretax or post-tax salary
                reduction of from one to a maximum of five percent of total
                compensation as a participant contribution.

         (b)    Company Contributions

                Matching contributions are made by the Company on behalf of each
                participant in the amount of fifty percent of the participant's
                contributions.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>11-K ANNUAL REOPRT; EMPLOYEE INV. SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 99.2


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                               ------------------

                                    FORM 11-K

                               ------------------

                                  ANNUAL REPORT


                        Pursuant to Section 15(d) Of The
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934


                      For the Year Ended December 31, 1994




                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN




                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                             1380 Kennecott Building
                           Salt Lake City, Utah 84133


<PAGE>   2


ITEM 1.       CHANGES IN THE PLAN

The Plan was completely amended and restated as of October 1, 1992, with certain
provisions retroactively effective as of January 1, 1989. In 1994, the Plan was
amended for the purpose of maintaining its qualification under Internal Revenue
Code pursuant to the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and, in order to conform the Plan to
the requirements of the Unemployment Compensation Act of 1992 and the Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 and to facilitate the merger of the National
Bank of Arizona Savings and Retirement Plan and the Rio Salado Bancorp. Inc.
Retirement Plan into the Plan.

ITEM 2.       CHANGES IN INVESTMENT POLICY

The Plan maintains four separate types of investment funds: (i) company
securities, which consists of Company stock and short-term investments pending
the acquisition of Company securities; (ii) Fidelity mutual fund, which invests
primarily in a diversified portfolio of U.S. common stocks, which are invested
to track closely with the Standard and Poors 500 index; (iii) money market fund,
which consists of, but is not limited to, certificates of deposit, commercial
paper, and U.S. treasury bills; and (iv) fixed income fund, which invests
primarily in government, mortgage, and corporate bonds. No material changes were
made during the year 1994 in the policy with respect to the kind of securities
and other investments in which funds held under the Plan may be invested.

ITEM 3.       CONTRIBUTIONS UNDER THE PLAN

The Company's contributions are measured by reference to employee contributions
and are not discretionary.

ITEM 4.       PARTICIPATING EMPLOYEES

There were 1,155 participating employees in the Plan on December 31, 1994.

ITEM 5.       ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

(a)    Zions Bancorporation is the Plan administrator. The Company's Board of
       Directors has appointed an Administrative Committee consisting of six
       persons. The Committee has full power and authority to administer the
       Plan and to interpret its provisions. The present members of the
       Committee and their positions held are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  Member                                    Position - Company
           -------------------         -------------------------------------------------------------
           <S>                         <C>
           Harris H. Simmons           President and Chief Executive Officer of Zions Bancorporation

           Gary L. Anderson            Senior Vice President of Zions Bancorporation

           Peter K. Ellison            Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank

           W. David Hemingway          Executive Vice President of Zions First National Bank

           Richard G. Crandall         Vice President of Zions First National Bank

           Russell W. Miller           President of Zions Insurance Agency, Inc.


</TABLE>

       The address of each fiduciary listed above is 1380 Kennecott
Building,Salt Lake City, Utah 84133.


<PAGE>   3


(b)    No compensation is paid to the Committee  members by the Plan. All
       expenses of the Plan and its  administration  are paid by the Company.

ITEM 6.       CUSTODIAN OF INVESTMENTS

(a)    Zions First National Bank, One South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah
       84133 is the custodian and trustee.

(b)    The custodian and trustee receive no compensation from the Plan.

ITEM 7.       REPORTS TO PARTICIPATING EMPLOYEES

Participating employees are furnished an annual statement reflecting the status
of their accounts as of the end of the fiscal year.

ITEM 8.       INVESTMENT OF FUNDS

As elected by participants, approximately sixty-eight percent of the assets of
the Plan are invested in securities of the Company, approximately
sixteen percent in the Fidelity mutual fund, approximately thirteen percent in
the money market fund, approximately two percent invested in the fixed income
fund, and approximately one percent in the short-term investment fund.

ITEM 9.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(a)    Financial Statements

          Report of Independent Auditors

          Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits - December 31, 1994
              and 1993

          Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits - Years
              ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

          Notes to Financial Statements

          Schedules - Schedules I, II, and III have been omitted for the reasons
              that they are not required or are not applicable, or the required
              information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.

(b)    Exhibits - None


<PAGE>   4



                          Independent Auditors' Report

The Trust Committee
Zions Bancorporation Employee
Investment Savings Plan:

We have audited the accompanying statements of net assets available for benefits
of Zions Bancorporation Employee Investment Savings Plan as of December 31, 1994
and 1993, and the related statements of changes in net assets available for
benefits for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the plan's administrator.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the
plan's administrators, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the net assets available for benefits of Zions
Bancorporation Employee Investment Savings Plan as of December 31, 1994 and
1993, and the changes in net assets available for benefits for each of the years
in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.


                                             KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Salt Lake City, Utah
March 15, 1995


<PAGE>   5


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

                 Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits

                           December 31, 1994 and 1993

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                             1994            1993
                                                                                         -----------      ----------
<S>                                                                                      <C>              <C>
Assets:
   Cash                                                                                  $    27,876              --
   Investments, at market value:
     Zions Bancorporation common stock (approximate cost of $10,769,000
       in 1994 and $9,689,000 in 1993)                                                    18,361,112      18,828,375
     Fidelity mutual fund (approximate cost of $4,192,000 in 1994 and
       $3,229,000 in 1993)                                                                 4,374,929       3,525,534
     Money market fund                                                                     3,605,624       3,477,123
     Fixed income fund (approximate cost of $689,000 in 1994 and $515,000 in 1993)           611,682         526,295
     Short-term investment fund                                                               94,017           3,207
                                                                                         -----------      ----------
                                                                                          27,075,240      26,360,534

   Contributions receivable:
     Employees                                                                                73,114          69,556
     Zions Bancorporation                                                                     14,954          15,782

   Participant loans receivable                                                            1,426,014       1,341,223

   Dividends receivable                                                                      154,242         142,484

   Interest receivable                                                                        16,902           5,187

   Due from/(to) Zions Bancorporation                                                         (3,677)          4,095
                                                                                         -----------      ----------
           Total assets                                                                   28,756,789      27,938,861

Liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                                            2,058           3,656
   Excess contribution refunds                                                                53,374          90,183
                                                                                         -----------      ----------
           Total liabilities                                                                  55,432          93,839
                                                                                         -----------      ----------
Net assets available for benefits                                                        $28,701,357      27,845,022
                                                                                         ===========      ==========

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to financial statements.


<PAGE>   6


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

           Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits

                  Years ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                1994             1993             1992
                                                                             -----------     -----------       -----------
<S>                                                                          <C>             <C>               <C>
Additions to net assets attributed to:
  Investment income:
     Net appreciation (depreciation) in market value of investments          $  (718,781)      (118,055)       10,477,861
     Dividends                                                                   692,270        564,557           508,484
     Capital gain distributions                                                  121,543        198,053            83,830
     Interest                                                                    244,470        169,448            58,427
                                                                             -----------      ---------        ----------
                                                                                 339,502        814,003        11,128,602
                                                                             -----------      ---------        ----------
   Contributions:
     Employees                                                                 1,614,117      1,326,267         1,683,313
     Zions Bancorporation                                                        336,444        271,519           592,491
     Plan rollovers                                                              368,721        196,725                --
                                                                             -----------     ----------        ----------
                                                                               2,319,282      1,794,511         2,275,804
                                                                             -----------     ----------        ----------
        Total additions                                                        2,658,784      2,608,514        13,404,406

Deductions from net assets attributed to:
   Benefits paid directly to participants                                      1,802,449      1,447,853         1,706,335
   Transfer of assets to Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock
     Savings Plan                                                                     --             --         1,390,989
                                                                             -----------     ----------        ----------
        Total deductions                                                       1,802,449      1,447,853         3,097,324
                                                                             -----------     ----------        ----------
        Net increase                                                             856,335      1,160,661        10,307,082

Net assets available for benefits:

   Beginning of year                                                          27,845,022     26,684,361        16,377,279
                                                                             -----------     ----------        ----------
   End of year                                                               $28,701,357     27,845,022        26,684,361
                                                                             ===========     ==========        ==========

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to financial statements.


<PAGE>   7




                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

                          Notes to Financial Statements

                        December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992

(1)      Description of the Plan

         Zions Bancorporation Employee Investment Savings Plan (the Plan) is a
         single employer contributory plan that is designed to provide
         retirement benefits for eligible employees under a pretax salary
         reduction (deferral) arrangement and, if employees so elect, an
         opportunity to acquire stock ownership in Zions Bancorporation (the
         Company). The Plan is subject to the provisions of the Employee
         Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).

(2)      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

         The following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed
         by the Plan in the preparation of its financial statements.

         (a)    Basis of Presentation

                The Plan's financial statements are presented on the accrual
                basis of accounting.

         (b)    Investments

                Investments in common stock of Zions Bancorporation, Fidelity
                mutual fund, and fixed income fund shares are carried at market
                value in the accompanying financial statements. The investments
                in the money market fund and short-term investment fund
                represent cash equivalents. Purchases and sales of investments
                are recorded on a settlement-date basis which does not
                materially differ from using the trade-date basis required by
                generally accepted accounting principles.

         (c)    Cost of Administration

                All costs of administration are absorbed by the Company.

(3)      Eligibility

         Participation in the Plan is voluntary. An employee is eligible to
         become a participant on January 1 or July 1, whichever coincides with,
         or immediately follows, the latter of the date on which the employee
         completes at least 1,000 hours of service during 12 continuous months
         and attains the age of 21. At December 31, 1994 and 1993, there were
         1,155 participants and 1,405 participants, respectively, in the Plan.

(4)      Employee and Company Contributions

         Participants may elect to contribute one to fifteen percent of their
         compensation to the Employee Investment Savings Plan, limited by
         participant contributions made to Zions Bancorporation Employee Stock
         Savings Plan. The contributions are invested in one or more of the
         following investment options: (i) the Company's stock, (ii) the
         Fidelity mutual fund, (iii) a money market fund, and (iv) a fixed
         income fund. The Company contributes an amount equal to 25 percent of
         the contribution made by each participant up to ten percent of their
         compensation with no match made on contributions in excess thereof. The
         maximum amount a participant may contribute to the Plan in a calendar
         year is the lesser of fifteen percent of their compensation, or $9,240
         for 1994.


<PAGE>   8
                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

                          Notes to Financial Statements


(5)      Allocation of Income or Loss

         Net appreciation (depreciation) in market value of investments,
         dividends, interest income, and capital gains are allocated to each
         participant's account in proportion to the investment shares held in
         that participant's account to the total investment shares held in the
         Plan.

(6)      Vesting and Payment of Benefits

         Employee contributions and the employees' share of the Company
         contributions are 100 percent vested at all times. Benefits are paid
         upon death, disability, retirement, or earlier, subject to certain
         restrictions. Benefits are paid in shares of stock and/or cash pursuant
         to the nature of the investment vehicle selected by the participant.

(7)      Income Taxes

         The Plan obtained its latest determination letter on November 5, 1985,
         in which the Internal Revenue Service stated that the Plan, as then
         designed, was in compliance with the applicable requirements of the
         Internal Revenue Code. The Plan has been amended since receiving the
         determination letter. The Company is in the process of obtaining a new
         letter for the Plan. The application for approval of the amendments
         will be filed with the IRS by the March 31, 1995 deadline. However, the
         plan administrator and the Plan's tax counsel believe that the Plan is
         currently designed and being operated in compliance with the applicable
         requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, they believe that
         the Plan was qualified and the related trust was tax-exempt as of the
         financial statement date.

(8)      Investments

         The investments in common stock of the Company and the Fidelity mutual
         fund, consists of 511,808 and 508,875 shares, and 243,864 and 193,923
         shares, respectively, at December 31, 1994 and 1993. The investment in
         the fixed income fund consists of 31,224 and 24,207 shares at December
         31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

         The net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in market value for each
         of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994, in
         comparison to the market value at the beginning of each year is as
         follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               Investment                                          1994           1993            1992
                               ----------                                       ---------       --------       ----------
              <S>                                                               <C>             <C>            <C>
              Zions Bancorporation common stock                                 $(601,351)      (222,329)      10,477,363

              Fidelity mutual fund                                                (56,687)       122,428              498

              Fixed income fund                                                   (60,743)       (18,154)              --
                                                                                ---------       --------       ----------
                         Net appreciation (depreciation) in market value        $(718,781)      (118,055)      10,477,861
                                                                                =========       ========       ==========
</TABLE>




<PAGE>   9


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

                          Notes to Financial Statements


(9)      Plan Amendments

         The Plan became effective on January 1, 1984, and has been amended and
         restated at various times thereafter. The Plan was completely amended
         and restated as of October 1, 1992. In addition, the plan was amended
         in 1994 to include employees from recently acquired National Bank of
         Arizona and Rio Salado Bancorporation. Amendment provisions include the
         following:

         (a)    Participant Contributions

                Participants can elect a pretax reduction from one percent to a
                maximum of fifteen percent of total compensation as a
                participant contribution, depending in part on the extent to
                which the participant contributes to the Zions Bancorporation
                Employee Stock Savings Plan.

         (b)    Company Contributions

                Matching contributions are made by the Company on behalf of each
                participant in the amount of twenty-five percent of participant
                contributions (note 4), but not in excess of ten percent of
                compensation.

         (c)    Participant Elections

                Participants may change quarterly investment elections for funds
                already invested in their accounts.

         (d)    Investment Options

                The Plan maintains four separate types of investment funds: (i)
                company securities, which consists of Company stock and
                short-term investments pending the acquisition of Company stock;
                (ii) Fidelity mutual fund, which invests primarily in a
                diversified portfolio of U.S. common stocks, which are invested
                to track closely with the Standard and Poors 500 index; (iii)
                money market fund, which consists of, but is not limited to,
                certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and U.S. treasury
                bills; and (iv) fixed income fund, which invests primarily in
                government, mortgage, and corporate bonds.

         (e)    Participant Loans

                Beginning October 1, 1992, a participant who is an active
                employee may apply for and obtain a loan of up to fifty percent
                of the eligible amounts in their account. Loans may not exceed
                five years and must be secured by the participants account. Loan
                repayment is made through payroll deduction.


<PAGE>   10


                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

                          Notes to Financial Statements





(10)     Financial Information by Fund Type

         Financial information by fund type as of, and for the year ended
         December 31, 1994, are as follows:

          Statement of Net Assets Available for Benefits by Fund Type
                                December 31, 1994


<TABLE>

                                                Zions
                                               Bancorp-
                                               oration        Fidelity                              Partici-
                                                common         mutual      Money        Fixed         pant
                                                stock          fund        market       income       loans           Total
                                             -----------     ---------    ---------    --------    ----------     ----------
<S>                                          <C>             <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>            <C>
         Assets:
            Cash                              $    27,242            --          634          --            --         27,876
            Investments, at market
              value:
                Zions Bancorporation
                  common stock                 18,361,112            --           --          --            --     18,361,112
                 Fidelity mutual fund                  --     4,374,929           --          --            --      4,374,929
                 Money market fund                     --            --    3,605,624          --            --      3,605,624
                 Fixed income fund                     --            --           --     611,682            --        611,682
                 Short-term
                   investment fund                 88,082         5,641           --         294            --         94,017
                                              -----------     ---------    ---------     -------     ---------     ----------
                                               18,476,436     4,380,570    3,606,258     611,976            --     27,075,240
            Contributions receivable:
                Employees                          26,360        31,450       11,906       3,398            --         73,114
                Zions Bancorporation                5,039         6,609        2,601         705            --         14,954
            Participant loans 
              receivable                               --            --           --          --     1,426,014      1,426,014
            Dividends receivable                  154,242            --           --          --            --        154,242
            Interest receivable                       267            31       16,594          10            --         16,902
            Due from/(to) Zions
               Bancorporation                          --        (5,070)          --       1,393            --         (3,677)
                                              -----------     ---------    ---------     -------     ---------     ----------
                    Total assets               18,662,344     4,413,590    3,637,359     617,482     1,426,014     28,756,789

         Liabilities:
            Accounts payable                          122            --          --        1,936            --          2,058
            Excess contribution 
              refunds                              18,390        25,351        4,024       5,609            --         53,374

                                              -----------     ---------    ---------     -------     ---------     ----------
                    Total liabilities              18,512        25,351        4,024       7,545            --         55,432
                                              -----------     ---------    ---------     -------     ---------     ----------
         Net assets available for benefits

                                              $18,643,832     4,388,239    3,633,335     609,937     1,426,014     28,701,357
                                              ===========     =========    =========     =======     =========     ==========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   11

                              ZIONS BANCORPORATION
                        EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT SAVINGS PLAN

                          Notes to Financial Statements





(10)     Financial Information by Fund Type (continued)

     Statement of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits by Fund Type

                          Year ended December 31, 1994

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Zions
                                               Bancorp-
                                               oration         Fidelity                                Partici-
                                                common          mutual         Money         Fixed       pant
                                                stock            fund          market       income      loans          Total
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
<S>                                          <C>              <C>           <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>
         Additions to net assets
            attributed to:
             Investment income:
                Net appreciation
                   (depreciation) in
                   market value of
                   investments               $  (601,351)       (56,643)           --      (60,787)          --       (718,781)
                Dividends                        593,018         57,136            --       42,116           --        692,270
                Capital gain
                   distributions                      --        120,212            --        1,331           --        121,543
                Interest                          68,982          9,197       164,795        1,496           --        244,470
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
                                                  60,649        129,902       164,795      (15,844)          --        339,502
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
            Contributions:
              Employees                          593,429        680,345       270,190       70,153           --      1,614,117
              Zions Bancorporation
                                                 115,064        147,082        62,914       11,384           --        336,444
              Plan rollovers                     175,680         66,006       103,216       23,819           --        368,721
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
                                                 884,173        893,433       436,320      105,356           --      2,319,282
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
            Principal loan payments              313,442         34,364        65,872        2,042     (415,720)            --
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
                    Total additions            1,258,264      1,057,699       666,987       91,554     (415,720)     2,658,784

         Deductions from net assets
           attributed to:
              Benefits paid directly to
                participants                  (1,139,005)      (276,006)     (341,951)     (45,487)          --     (1,802,449)
              Loans disbursed                   (335,345)       (20,480)     (112,062)     (32,624)     500,511             --
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
                    Total deductions          (1,474,350)      (296,486)     (454,013)     (78,111)     500,511     (1,802,449)
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
         Quarterly transfers                    (108,654)       101,433       (64,079)      71,300           --             --
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------     --------     ----------
                    Net increase
                      (decrease)                (324,740)       862,646       148,895       84,743       84,791        856,335

         Net assets available for
           benefits:

             Beginning of year                18,968,572      3,525,593     3,484,440      525,194    1,341,223     27,845,022
                                             -----------      ---------     ---------      -------    ---------     ----------
             End of year                     $18,643,832      4,388,239     3,633,335      609,937    1,426,014     28,701,357
                                             ===========      =========     =========      =======    =========     ==========
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
