<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNITIL CORP 1994 10-K
<TEXT>



           UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                        WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                               FORM 10-K

[  X  ]         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF  1934
              For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994 
                                  OR
[    ]        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d)
                    OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number  1-8858       

                          UNITIL Corporation
         (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

      New Hampshire                                   02-0381573            
     (State or other jurisdiction of                  (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)                   Identification No.)
  
  216 Epping Road, Exeter, New Hampshire                 03883-4571
 (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

    Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (603) 772-0775 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 Title of Each Class                     Name of Exchange on Which Registered
 Common Stock, No Par Value                       American Stock Exchange   

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   NONE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.         
     Yes  X         No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy
or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K [  X  ]

Based on the closing price of March 1, 1995, the aggregate market value
of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
$63,856,766.

The number of common shares outstanding of the registrant was 4,281,140
as of March 1, 1995.

Documents Incorporated by Reference:

Portions of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders are incorporated by
reference into Parts II and IV of this Report.
Portions of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held April 20, 1995, are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Report.



                              PART I 

Item 1.  Business.

                              General

     UNITIL Corporation (the Company), a registered public utility
holding company, was incorporated under the laws of The State of New
Hampshire on September 7, 1984.   Through  Concord Electric  Company
(CECo), Exeter & Hampton Electric Company (E&H),  Fitchburg Gas  and
Electric  Light  Company  (FG&E)  and  UNITIL Power  Corp. (  UNITIL
Power), all of which are wholly  owned utility  subsidiaries of  the
Company,  the  Company's   principal  business   is  the   purchase,
transmission, distribution and sale  of electricity  at retail,  and
the distribution and sale of natural  gas at  retail by  FG&E.   The
Company was  initially incorporated  in connection  with a  business
combination between CECo and E&H, which became  subsidiaries of  the
Company on January 23, 1985   through a  share exchange.   Prior  to
this share exchange, the  Company conducted  no business  operations
and had no assets.  FG&E  became a  wholly owned  subsidiary of  the
Company by  a "pooling  of interests"  merger between  FG&E and  the
Company  on  April  28,  1992.    UNITIL  Power,  a  New   Hampshire
corporation incorporated  on October  9 ,  1984,   is the  wholesale
supplier of electricity  to CECo  and E&H.   The  Company has  three
additional  subsidiaries:    UNITIL  Realty  Corp. (UNITIL  Realty),
UNITIL Service  Corp. (UNITIL  Service) and  UNITIL Resources,  Inc.
(UNITIL Resources).    The Company's principal  executive office  is
located  at  216  Epping Road,  Exeter, New  Hampshire 03833-4571.  
(Telephone (603) 772-0775)
     CECo, a New Hampshire corporation incorporated in 1901, is
engaged  in  the purchase,  transmission, distribution  and sale  of
electricity at retail to approximately 25,200 customers in the  City
of  Concord,  which  is the  state capital,  and twelve  surrounding
towns,  all  in  New  Hampshire.   CECo's service  area consists  of
approximately  240 square  miles in  the Merrimack  River Valley  of
south central New Hampshire.  The service area includes the City  of
Concord  and  major  portions  of  the  surrounding  towns  of  Bow,
Boscawen, Canterbury, Chichester, Epsom, Salisbury and Webster,  and
limited  areas  in the  towns of  Allenstown, Dunbarton,  Hopkinton,
Loudon  and  Pembroke.   The  total estimated  population of  CECo's
service area is 79,000.
     CECo serves residential, commercial and industrial customers. 
The  State  of  New  Hampshire's government  operations are  located
within CECo's service  area, including  the executive,  legislative,
judicial branches and  offices and  facilities for  all major  state
government services.  In addition, CECo's service area  is a  retail
trading center for the north central part of the state and has  over
sixty  diversified  businesses  relating  to  insurance,   printing,
electronics, granite, belting, plastic yarns, furniture,  machinery,
sportswear  and  lumber. Of  CECo's 1994  retail electric  revenues,
approximately   35%  was derived  from residential  sales, 52%  from
commercial     and     non-manufacturing     sales,     11%     from
industrial/manufacturing sales and 2% from other sales.
     E&H, a New Hampshire corporation incorporated in 1908, is
engaged  in  the purchase,  transmission, distribution  and sale  of
electricity at retail to  approximately 36,250  customers in  Exeter
and  in  all  or part  of seventeen  surrounding towns,  all in  New
Hampshire.  E&H's service area consists of approximately 168  square
miles in southeastern New Hampshire.  The service area includes  all
of the towns of Atkinson, Danville, East Kingston, Exeter,  Hampton,
Hampton  Falls,  Kensington, Kingston,  Newton, Plaistow,  Seabrook,
South Hampton  and Stratham,  and portions  of the  towns of  Derry,
Brentwood,  Greenland,  Hampstead  and  North  Hampton.   The  total
estimated population in E&H's service area is 114,000.
     E&H serves residential, commercial and industrial customers. 
Commercial  and  industrial  customers  are  quite  diversified  and
include retail stores, shopping centers, motels, farms, restaurants,
apple orchards and office buildings, as well as manufacturing  firms
engaged  in  the  production  of  sportswear,  automobile parts  and
electronic components.  It is estimated that there are over  150,000
daily summer  visitors to  E&H's territory,  which includes  several
popular resort areas and beaches along the Atlantic Ocean.  Of E&H's
1994 retail electric revenues,  approximately 48%  was derived  from
residential sales, 40% from commercial and non-manufacturing  sales,
10% from industrial/manufacturing sales and 2% from other sales.
     FG&E, a Massachusetts corporation organized in 1852, is an
operating public utility providing electric and natural gas  service
in  the  City  of Fitchburg  and several  surrounding communities.  
FG&E's  service area encompasses approximately 170  square miles  in
north central Massachusetts. 
     Electric service is supplied by FG&E to approximately 25,300
customers  in  the  communities  of Fitchburg,  Ashby, Townsend  and
Lunenburg.    The  estimated population  of FG&E's  service area  is
82,000.  FG&E provides electric service to residential,  commercial,
and industrial customers.  FG&E's industrial customers include paper
manufacturing  and allied  products companies,  rubber and  plastics
manufacturers, chemical products companies and printing,  publishing
and  allied  industries.     Of  FG&E's   1994  electric   revenues,
approximately  36%  was  derived  from residential  sales, 34%  from
commercial    and    non-manufacturing    sales,        28%     from
industrial/manufacturing sales and 2% from other sales.
     Natural gas service is supplied by FG&E to approximately 15,000
customers  in  the  communities of  Fitchburg, Lunenburg,  Townsend,
Ashby, Gardner and Westminster, all  located in  Massachusetts.   Of
FG&E's 1994 gas operating  revenues, approximately  56% was  derived
from residential sales,  24% from  commercial sales,  13% from  firm
sales  to industrial  customers, and   7%  from interruptible  sales
(which are sales to customers who possess alternative energy sources
and who  use gas  on an  as-available basis).  Approximately 30%  of
FG&E's industrial gas revenue was derived from firm  sales to  paper
manufacturing and  allied products  companies.   The industrial  gas
revenue was derived  from firm  sales to  fabricated metal  products
manufacturers,  rubber  and  plastics  manufacturers,  primary  iron
manufacturers and other miscellaneous industries.
     Natural gas sales in New England are seasonal, and the
Company's  results  of   operations  reflect   this  seasonality.   
Accordingly, results of operations are typically positively impacted
by  gas  operations  during  the  five  heating  season months  from
November through March of the following year. Electric sales in  New
England are far less seasonal than natural gas  sales; however,  the
highest usage typically occurs in the summer and  winter months  due
to air conditioning and heating requirements, respectively.  
     UNITIL Power, a New Hampshire corporation incorporated in 1984,
is the full requirements wholesale supplier of  electricity to  CECo
and E&H.  (See Energy Requirements and Regulation and Rates.)
     UNITIL Realty, a New Hampshire corporation incorporated in
1986, was established to acquire real estate to  support the  growth
and expansion of  the Company's  utility business.   UNITIL  Realty,
until February 1995, owned the Company's corporate headquarters  and
related land located on Epping Road in Exeter, New Hampshire.   This
property was taken by the State  of New  Hampshire, through  eminent
domain,  for  the  planned  expansion  of Route  101. (See  "Capital
Requirements" under Item 1 of this report)
     UNITIL Resources, a New Hampshire corporation incorporated in
1993,  provides  consulting  and  other services  on energy  related
matters to non-affiliates.  These services include power  marketing,
financial, accounting, regulatory and related operational services.
     UNITIL Service, a New Hampshire corporation incorporated in
1984, supplies centralized  professional  and   support services  to
the UNITIL System of Companies.
          
                     Franchises and Competition

     CECo and E&H each hold franchises from the New Hampshire Public
Utilities Commission (NHPUC) to serve their respective areas.   Such
franchises are currently exclusive.   The NHPUC  has the  authority,
which it has never exercised, to grant competing franchises.   There
is legislative authority which permits New Hampshire  municipalities
to engage in the production and sale of  electricity, including  the
power  to  condemn the  plant and  property of  any existing  public
utility which is located within the municipality.  The Company knows
of no such movement in any municipality served by either CECo or E&H
to enter into the production or purchase and sale  of electricity.  
CECo and E&H compete at retail with distributors of  other forms  of
energy,  including  gas  and  fuel oil,  throughout the  territories
served.
           While franchise rights of FG&E are non-exclusive,
statutes restrict competition from other companies without  approval
of the Massachusetts Department  of Public  Utilities (MDPU).  Under
the laws of Massachusetts, a municipality by appropriate vote of its
residents may enter the gas or  electric business  and purchase  the
facilities of the utility serving such municipality  if the  company
is  willing  to sell.   If  the utility  is unwilling  to sell,  the
municipality  may  construct  a plant  or acquire  one from  another
source.  No municipality has taken any such action in  Massachusetts
in recent years.  FG&E competes at retail with distributors of other
forms of energy;  principally unregulated fuel oil  and propane  gas
retailers, throughout the territories served.
     UNITIL and the electric utility industry  are facing  increased
competitive pressure in  both wholesale  and retail  markets due  to
economic, social and political forces.  They include legislative and
regulatory  changes,  technological advances,  consumer demands  and
environmental  factors.    Competition  at the  wholesale level  has
existed for a number of years, and has been increasing  as a  result
of the passage of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (EPACT), initiatives
in transmission pricing and policy at the Federal Energy  Regulatory
Commission (FERC), and  greater contracting  activity among  utility
and non-utility suppliers.  As a  purchaser of  electric energy  for
resale to customers, wholesale competition has  provided the  UNITIL
Companies with many  opportunities for  achieving significant  power
supply savings for customers.
       The  electric utility  industry and  the regulatory  agencies
responsible for  its regulation  are presently  involved in  various
discussions and initiatives relative to competition in the industry.
The NHPUC  is currently  considering a  petition to  allow sales  of
electricity by a power marketer to certain  industrial customers  in
the franchise territory of an investor-owned New Hampshire utility. 
Although the power marketer is not proposing  to sell  in CECo's  or
E&H's service territories, the NHPUC  could adopt  policies in  this
proceeding endorsing or allowing greater  competition within  retail
electric  utilities'  service  territories.    The  NHPUC  is   also
sponsoring a series of roundtable discussions with the New Hampshire
legislature, utilities,  industrial customers  and other  interested
parties to explore the potential  for increased  competition in  the
retail sale of electricity in New Hampshire.
     In Massachusetts, the MDPU has opened an investigation into the
restructuring of the Massachusetts electric industry to consider how
the  industry  and  regulators  should  respond  to  the  increasing
pressures for competition.  
     Although  the  Company  cannot  predict  the  outcome of  these
legislative  changes  and  regulatory  proceedings  or  the  similar
changes  and  proceedings  which are  underway in  many states,  the
Companies do believe that increasing competition in the industry  is
inevitable, and that the Companies  are well  positioned to  respond
positively to that competition.
  
                        Rates and Regulation

     The Company is registered with the Securities and Exchange
Commission  (SEC)  as  a holding  company under  the Public  Utility
Holding Company Act of 1935 (1935 Act), and it and its  subsidiaries
are subject to the provisions of the 1935 Act.  The  Company and its
subsidiaries , where applicable, are  subject to  regulation by  the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), the NHPUC and the  MDPU
with respect to rates, adequacy of service, issuance of  securities,
accounting and other matters.  UNITIL Power, as a wholesale utility,
is subject to rate regulation by the FERC.   Both CECo  and E&H,  as
retail  electric utilities  in New  Hampshire, are  subject to  rate
regulation by the NHPUC, and   FG&E  is subject  to MDPU  regulation
with respect to gas and electric retail rates,  and FERC  regulation
with respect to  New England  Power Pool  (NEPOOL) interchanges  and
other wholesale sales of electricity. 
     The revenues of the Company's three retail operating
subsidiaries are collected pursuant to rates on file with the NHPUC,
the MDPU and, to a  minor extent,  the FERC.     In general,  retail
rates are comprised  of a  base rate  component, established  during
comprehensive base rate cases, and various periodic rate  adjustment
mechanisms, which track  and reconcile  particular expense  elements
with associated collected revenues.   The majority  of the  System's
utility  operating  revenues  are  collected   under  various   rate
adjustment mechanisms, including revenues  collected from  customers
for fuel, purchased power, cost of gas,  and demand-side  management
program costs. 
     The UNITIL System Agreement (System Agreement), as approved by
the  FERC,  governs  wholesale  sales  by  UNITIL Power  to its  New
Hampshire retail distribution affiliates, CECo and E&H, and provides
for recovery by UNITIL Power of all costs incurred in the  provision
of service.   UNITIL  Power has  continued to  adjust its  wholesale
rates every six months in accordance with the System Agreement,  and
CECo  and  E&H  have  continued  to  file corresponding  semi-annual
changes in their retail fuel and purchased power adjustment  clauses
with the NHPUC for approval.
      FG&E also files a quarterly electric fuel charge and a
semi-annual  gas adjustment  factor with  the MDPU  for approval  to
adjust  its  rates  for  changes  in fuel  and gas  related costs.  
Although all of FG&E's fuel  costs and  the largest  portion of  its
purchased power  costs are  fully recovered  under the  Department's
Electric  Fuel  Charge  regulations,   FG&E's  electric   generation
entitlements are subject to annual performance reviews.  Performance
targets are filed by FG&E in advance and approved by the Department,
and  in  January  of  each  year  FG&E  files  data  on actual  unit
performance  for  the  prior  November  to  October    period.   The
Department will investigate reasons why units failed to meet  target
performance criteria, and has in some cases  disallowed recovery  of
replacement power costs for unplanned outages  which the  Department
deemed to be due to imprudent operations or actions.
     The last comprehensive regulatory proceedings to increase base
rates for the Company's retail operating subsidiaries  were in  1985
for CECo, 1984 for FG&E, and 1982 for E&H.
     In November, 1993, FG&E made a voluntary proposal before the
MDPU to reduce its base rates charged to customers.   This  proposal
was made in conjunction with a $19 million long-term note  financing
completed by FG&E in  late 1993,  and shared  the savings  resulting
from the financing through a   reduction in  base rates.   The  MDPU
approved FG&E's proposal and the rate reduction became effective  on
December 1, 1993.  As a result, the first full year  impact of  this
rate reduction is reflected in the Company's 1994 operating results.

     FG&E, the Company's combination gas and electric retail
operating subsidiary,  has been  incurring FERC-approved  transition
charges  from  interstate  pipeline  suppliers,  resulting from  the
transition  to a  comprehensive set  of new  regulations under  FERC
Order 636 (See "Resource Planning" below). In June,  1994, the  MDPU
opened an investigation for the purpose of setting standards for the
recovery by Massachusetts gas utilities of FERC Ordered  636-related
transition costs billed by interstate pipeline companies.  On  March
8, 1995, the DPU issued its final Order in this  proceeding, which  
authorized  and  directed  all  gas  utilities   to  recover   Order
636-related transition costs  as incurred  through the  cost of  gas
adjustment mechanism on a flat volumetric rate.  Through the end  of
1994,  the  amount  of  transition  costs incurred  by FG&E  totaled
approximately  $1.7  million.    These  costs  have  been  recovered
directly  from  FG&E's  gas  customers  through  the  cost  of   gas
adjustment mechanism.  Based on estimates included  in rate  filings
before the FERC, and on other publicly available information, it  is
estimated that FG&E may incur up to  an additional  $1.7 million  of
transition costs in future  years.   FG&E expects  full recovery  of
these costs through billings to customers.
     
                         Resource Planning

     Within both New Hampshire and Massachusetts state
jurisdictions,  the  Company's  utility  operating subsidiaries  are
subject to  regulatory review  of their  forecasting, planning,  and
long term resource acquisition processes.   The operating  companies
are required to file resource planning documents and plans every two
years, in accordance with Integrated Resource Management (IRM) rules
in Massachusetts and the Integrated Resource Planning (IRP)  process
in  New  Hampshire.    Additionally,  the  operating  companies  are
currently  required  to  file  annually  comprehensive   Demand-Side
Management  Program  Plans  with their  respective state  regulatory
commissions.
      Electric Resource Planning
      In New Hampshire, an IRP was filed with the NHPUC on April 30,
1994. The NHPUC approved the IRP on February 22, 1995.   On  October
1, 1993, E&H and CECo filed the 1994 DSM Program Plan.  In December,
1993, the NHPUC issued an Order  providing for  the continuation  of
the 1993 programs into 1994, and the review of the 1994 Program Plan
during the first quarter of 1994.  Based on its review  of the  1994
Program Plan the NHPUC approved and 18-month DSM program  commencing
July 1, 1994.  The 1995/96 DSM Program Plan was filed with the NHPUC
on February 1, 1995.
     In Massachusetts, FG&E filed its first IRM with the MDPU on
August  3,  1992.  In  January  1993,  FG&E   filed a  Comprehensive
Settlement of Phase I of the IRM process. On November 15, 1993, FG&E
made its Phase III IRM filing, in which it proposed DSM programs for
1994-1995, and supply side initiatives.  On February  15, 1994,  the
MDPU approved this filing, authorized the DSM  programs to  proceed,
and approved the supply resources.
     Gas Resource Planning
 .   The MDPU requires that gas companies file long term gas
forecasts and  resource plans  consistent with  IRP principles,  and
further requires that all contracts in excess of one  year be  filed
for approval in advance.  FG&E filed a gas IRP  on July  29, 1994.  
The MDPU has initiated a review of FG&E's gas IRP.  The MDPU  review
is expected to be completed by the end of 1995. 
     Under FERC Order 636, issued in 1992, Tennessee Gas Pipeline
Company (TGP), FG&E's former sole  supplier of  pipeline services,  
was required to unbundle its transportation services  and its  sales
services, and all Local Distribution Companies (LDCs)  were required
to  arrange  for  a  portfolio  of  transport,  storage  and  supply
contracts to  meet customer  requirements. In  1992, FG&E  converted
approximately half of its TGP sales service  to transportation  only
service, and on October 1, 1992 began purchasing gas supply from new
sources pursuant  to two  new long  term contracts  approved by  the
MDPU.  In 1993, the company filed two additional contracts with  the
MDPU under which the remainder of  its bundled  supply service  from
TGP was  converted to transportation only services.   The  contracts
went into effect  on November 1, 1993 and  approved by  the MDPU  on
March 30, 1994.  

                        Energy Requirements

     CECo, E&H, FG&E and UNITIL Power are members of NEPOOL.  Under
the NEPOOL Agreement, to which  virtually all  New England  electric
utilities are parties, substantially all  operation and  dispatching
of electric generation and bulk transmission capacity in New England
is  performed  on  a regional  basis. The  NEPOOL Agreement  imposes
generating capacity and reserve obligations and provides for the use
of major transmission facilities and payments associated therewith. 
Each  company's  capability  responsibility  under  NEPOOL  involves
carrying an  allocated share  of New  England capacity  requirements
which  is determined  for each  six-month period  based on  regional
reliability  criteria.    UNITIL  Power,  as  the full  requirements
supplier to  CECo and  E&H, has  a capability  responsibility as  of
December,  1994  of 215.84  MW and  a corresponding  peak demand  of
190.84  MW  that  occurred  on  July  21, 1994.   FG&E's  capability
responsibility  as  of   December  1994   was  91.34   MW,  with   a
corresponding peak  demand of  77.14 MW  that occurred  on July  21,
1994.
     To meet the needs of CECo and E&H, UNITIL Power has contracted
for generating capacity and energy and  for associated  transmission
services as  needed to  meet NEPOOL  requirements and  to provide  a
diverse and economical energy supply.  UNITIL Power's purchases  are
from  various  utility  and  non-utility  generating  units using  a
variety of fuels and from several utility  systems in  the U.S.  and
Canada.  For  the  twelve  months  ending  December 31,1994,  UNITIL
Power's energy needs were provided  by the  following fuel  sources:
nuclear (45%), oil (23%), coal (17%),  gas  (7%),   wood and  refuse
(5%) , hydro (1%), and system and other (2%). 
      FG&E meets its capacity requirements through ownership
interests and power purchase  contracts. FG&E's  purchases are  from
various utility and non-utility generating units using a variety  of
fuels and from several utility systems in the U.S. and Canada.   For
the twelve months ending December 31, 1994,  FG&E's   energy  needs,
including generation from joint-owned units, were provided from  the
following fuel sources: nuclear (37%), oil (25%), wood (26%),  hydro
(5%),  coal (2%) and system and other (5%). 
     FG&E has a 4.5% ownership interest, or 20.12 MW, in an oil and
natural gas-fired generating plant in New Haven, Connecticut,  which
is operated by The United Illuminating Company, the plants' majority
owner. FG&E also has a 0.1822% ownership interest, or 1.13 MW, in an
oil-fired generating plant in Yarmouth, Maine, which is operated  by
Central Maine  Power Company  as the  majority owner,  and a  0.217%
ownership interest, or  2. 5  MW, in  the Millstone  3 nuclear  unit
operated by Northeast Utilities, parent of the  principal owners  of
that  unit.  In  addition,  FG&E  operates  an oil-fired  combustion
turbine  with  a current  capability of  26.6 MW  under a  long-term
financing lease.
. 
                            Fuel Supply

      Oil.   Approximately 25% of FG&E's and 23% of UNITIL Power's
electric power  in 1994  was provided  by oil-fired  units, some  of
which  are  owned  by FG&E.     Most fuel  oil used  by New  England
electric utilities is acquired from foreign sources  and is  subject
to interruption and price increases by foreign governments. 
     Coal.  Approximately 2% of FG&E's and 17% of UNITIL Power's
1994 requirements were from coal-burning facilities. The  facilities
generally purchase their coal under long term supply agreements with
prices  tied  to economic  indices.   Although coal  is stored  both
on-site  and  by  fuel suppliers,  long term  interruptions of  coal
supply may result in limitations in the production of power or  fuel
switching to oil and thus result in higher energy prices.
     Nuclear.  FG&E has a 0.217% ownership interest in Millstone
Unit No. 3 (the Unit).  The Unit has contracted for certain segments
of the nuclear  fuel production  cycle through  various dates.  This
cycle includes, among other things, mining, enrichment and  disposal
of used fuel.  Contracts for various segments of the fuel cycle will
be required in the future, and their availability, prices and  terms
cannot now be predicted.
     Pursuant to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, the
participants in Millstone 3 were  required to  enter into  contracts
with the United States Department of Energy, prior to the  operation
of that Unit, for  the transport  and disposal  of spent  fuel at  a
nuclear waste repository.  Under the Act, a national repository  for
nuclear waste was  anticipated to  be in  operation by  1998.   FG&E
cannot  predict  whether  the  Federal  government will  be able  to
provide interim storage or permanent disposal repositories for spent
fuel.
                     Gas Operations and Supply

     FG&E distributes gas purchased from domestic and Canadian
suppliers under long term contracts as  well as  gas purchased  from
producers  and  marketers  on  the  spot market.  The diversity  and
flexibility  of  supply  reflects  FG&E's commitment  to securing  a
reliable  gas  supply  at the  lowest possible  cost. The  following
tables summarize actual gas purchases by  source of  supply and  the
cost of gas sold for the years 1992 through 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Sources of Gas Supply
       (Expressed as percent of total MMBtu of gas purchased)
<S>                                     <C>      <C>      <C>
Natural Gas:                             1994      1993    1992
                                                         
    Domestic firm ...................... 81.9%    58.4%    19.8%  
             
    Canadian firm ....................... 6.2%    11.0%     8.1%  
                                                         
    Domestic spot market ..........       9.0%    25.2%    68.4%  

Total natural gas ...................... 97.1%    94.6%    96.3%  
                                                            
Supplemental gas ........................ 2.9.%    5.4%     3.7% 
                                                              
Total gas purchases ................... 100.0%   100.0%   100.0% 

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Cost of Gas Sold
                                   
                                                1994      1993    1992
<S>                                            <C>       <C>      <C>           
Cost of gas purchased and sold per MMBtu       $3.47     $3.78    $3.75  

Percent Increase (Decrease) from prior year    (8.2)%     0.8%     6.8%   
</TABLE>
                                                       

     Under Order 636, issued by the FERC in 1992, FG&E's former sole
supplier of pipeline  services, TGP,  was required  to unbundle  its
transportation services and its sales services.   As  a result,  all
Local Distribution Companies (LDCs)now  arrange for  a portfolio  of
transport,   storage   and   supply  contracts   to  meet   customer
requirements. 
     In 1993, FG&E added two long term purchases of gas supply that
replaced supplies previously provided by TGP. These contracts expire
on October 1999 and October 1996  respectively. The  MDPU   approved
these contracts in March 1994.   FG&E also  has underground  storage
contracts which provide significant natural gas  storage capacity.  
TGP also  provides FG&E  with underground  storage.   FG&E has  firm
transportation agreements with TGP for delivery of storage gas .
     As a supplement to pipeline natural gas, FG&E owns a propane
air gas plant and has under a  financial lease  a liquefied  natural
gas (LNG) storage and vaporization facility. These  plants are  used
principally  during  peak  load  periods  to augment  the supply  of
pipeline natural gas. 


                       Environmental Matters

     The Company does not expect that compliance with  environmental
laws or regulations will have a material effect on its business,  or
the  businesses  of its  subsidiaries.   The Company  does not  know
whether, or to what extent, such regulations  may affect  it or  its
subsidiaries by impinging on the  operations of  other electric  and
gas utilities in New England.
     UNITIL Power and FG&E  purchase wholesale  capacity and  energy
from a diverse group  of suppliers  using various  fuel sources  and
FG&E has ownership interests in certain generating plants.  Some  of
the purchase power contracts contain cost adjustment provisions that
may allow  the supplier  to pass  through environmental  remediation
costs.   The  Company has  not been  informed whether  any of  these
suppliers are likely to incur significant environmental  remediation
costs and, if so, which if any such costs may be passed through.
     For many years, the Company's combination gas and electric
operating  subsidiary,  FG&E,  and  a  former  subsidiary  of  FG&E,
operated coal gasification plants in Fitchburg  (the Sawyer  Passway
Site) and Gardner (the Logan  Street Site),  Massachusetts.   During
the last several years, FG&E has been working with federal and state
agencies and other responsible parties to  assess the  environmental
contamination in the vicinity of the sites as a result of historical
gas manufacturing operations.  Based on  information developed  over
the last several years, it had been discovered that  there was  some
environmental contamination at the Fitchburg site which will require
continuing assessment as well as  potential remedial  action in  the
future.  The  DEP  has  classified  the  Sawyer  Passway  Site as  a
confirmed hazardous waste site, which will require compliance  under
the DEP Massachusetts Contingency Plan (MCP) regulations.  
     New MCP regulations were issued by the DEP in June, 1993, and
took effect October 1, 1993.  Under the regulations,  FG&E has  five
years from the date of a hazardous waste TIER classification  permit
to complete the remediation effort at the Sawyer Passway Site.   The
new procedures include site  ranking, the  use of  a State  Licensed
Site   Professional,   and   compliance  with   various  other   new
applications, reporting, and enforcement procedures.  Based on  work
done  with  the  DEP  during  1994  in  compliance   with  the   MCP
regulations, FG&E received notification of the  Sawyer Passway  Site
TIER  classification  permit  in  December,  1994.    The five  year
remediation clock will commence in 1995.  Also in coordination  with
the  DEP  requirements,  FG&E  will  conduct   a  preliminary   site
assessment of the Logan Street Site in 1995.  Because the assessment
process  is at  an early  stage at  both sites,  the Company  cannot
currently predict the magnitude or timing  of required  expenditures
for any future site analysis and remediation.   
     The costs of such assessment, and any remedial action taken in
connection  with  testing, analysis  and remediation  work at  these
sites, are initially funded internally  and then  recovered under  a
rate recovery mechanism approved by the  MDPU.   This rate  recovery
mechanism  provides  for the  deferral of  environmental costs,  and
subsequent recovery through future rates over succeeding  seven-year
periods.  Any recovery that FG&E  receives from  insurance or  third
parties, with respect to the environmental  response costs  incurred
by it, will be split equally between FG&E and its customers, through
an appropriate adjustment to the rate recovery mechanism.  
     
                        Capital Requirements

     The UNITIL System companies primarily require capital for the
acquisition of property, plant & equipment to improve, protect,
maintain and expand their electric and gas operating systems. 
Capital expenditures were approximately $9.2 million in 1994, and
$7.9 million in 1993 and 1992.  These levels of capital expenditures
reflect increasing sales and customer growth in 1994 and 1993 and
planned utility system improvements.  
     In 1995, capital expenditures are expected to increase by about
$5.9 million, compared to the prior year, to a total capital
expenditure level of $15.1 million.  This projected increase of $5.9
million primarily reflects additional capital expenditures of
approximately $3.4 million for the commencement of construction of a
new corporate headquarters, as well as an increase in capital
expenditures of approximately $2.5 million for planned utility
system expansions, replacements and other improvements. T he Company
currently estimates that capital expenditures of approximately $6
million will be required over a two year period for the completion
of the new corporate headquarters in 1996.
     In late 1993, UNITIL Realty, the Company's wholly-owned real
estate subsidiary, first received written notice that the State of
New Hampshire  intended to acquire the Company's corporate
headquarters and related land (the Property) by purchase or
condemnation in connection with the State of New Hampshire's Route
101 highway expansion project.  On February 2, 1995, UNITIL Realty
received a formal Notice of Offer from the State for the purchase of
the Property for $2 million.  The Company did not accept the State's
offer based on the results of an independent appraisal conducted for
the Company which valued the Property significantly in excess of the
State's offer.  As prescribed by statue, the State initiated an
eminent domain procedure by filing a declaration of taking with the
New Hampshire Board of Tax and Land Appeals (the Board) on February
13, 1995, and depositing with the Board the offer price of $2
million.  UNITIL Realty has withdrawn these funds from the Board
without prejudice as to the Appeal process, and on March 17, 1995
the funds were used to pay in full all principal and interest due on
the note secured by the mortgage on the Property.                   

                        Financing Activities

     On October 14, 1994, CECO sold $6,000,000 of its 30-year Series
I First Mortgage Bonds and E&H sold $9,000,000 of its 30-year Series
K First Mortgage Bonds to an institutional investor at par, bearing
an interest rate in each case of 8.49%.  CECo and E&H used the
proceeds of these issuances to repay short-term indebtedness,
incurred to fund their construction programs, and to redeem higher
cost long term debt issues prior to maturity.  CECo's redemptions
totaled $2,430,000 and included:  $930,000 of Series D First
Mortgage Bonds, 8.79%;  and $1,500,000 of Series G First Mortgage
Bonds, 9.85%.  E&H's redemptions totaled $3,565,000 and included: 
$1,235,000 of Series F First Mortgage Bonds , 8.70%; $930,000 of
Series G First Mortgage Bonds, 8.875%; and $1,400,000 of Series I
First Mortgage Bonds, 9.85%. 
     The Company currently has unsecured committed bank lines for
short-term debt aggregating $11,000,000 with three banks for which
it pays commitment fees.  Further, the Company has an unsecured
guidance line of credit for short-term debt, on a "when available"
basis, aggregating $3,000,000 with one bank, for which it pays no
commitment fees.  The average interest rate on all short-term
borrowings outstanding during 1994 was 4.43%.

                         Employee Relations
             
     As of December 31, 1994, the Company and its subsidiaries had
317 full-time  employees.   The Company  considers its  relationship
with its employees to be good  and has  not experienced  any major  
labor disruptions since the early 1960's. 
     There are 126 employees represented by labor unions. In 1994,
two  of  UNITIL's  retail  operating  subsidiaries,  CECo and  FG&E,
reached new three year pacts with their respective employees covered
by collective  bargaining agreements.   The  agreements provide  for
discreet salary adjustments, established work practices and provided
uniform  benefit  packages.    Under  the  terms  of  its   existing
collective bargaining agreement,   UNITIL's  third retail  operating
subsidiary,  E&H,  is   currently  negotiating   a  new   collective
bargaining agreement to take effect on May 31, 1995.  
     The Company and its subsidiaries, where applicable, have in
effect  funded  Retirement  Plans  and   related  Trust   Agreements
providing retirement annuities  for participating  employees at  age
65.  The Company's policy is to fund the pension cost accrued.  (See
Note 9 of Notes to  Consolidated Financial  Statements contained  in
Exhibit 13.1.)
     
                Executive Officers of the Registrant
     
     The names, ages and positions of all of the executive officers
of the Company as of March 1, 1995 are listed below, along with a
brief account of their business experience during the past five
years.  All officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors
at the Directors' first meeting following the annual meeting which
is held on the third Thursday in April, or at a special meeting held
in lieu thereof.  There are no family relationships among these
officers, nor is there any arrangement or understanding between any
officer and any other person pursuant to which the officer was
selected.  Officers of the Company also hold various Director and
Officer positions with subsidiary companies.
      
  
        Name, Age                     Business Experience
       and Position                  During Past 5 years        
                               
Peter J. Stulgis, 44,          Mr. Stulgis has been a Director
Chairman of the Board of       of the Company since its         
Directors                      incorporation in 1984, and       
and Chief Executive Officer    Chairman of the Board and Chief  
                               Executive Officer since 1992.    
                               From 1987 - 1992,  Mr. Stulgis   
                               was Executive Vice President and 
                               Chief Financial Officer of the   
                               Company.                         
                               
Michael J. Dalton, 54,         Mr. Dalton has been a Director,
President and                  President and Chief Operating    
Chief Operating Officer        Officer of the Company since its 
                               incorporation in 1984.           
                               
Gail A. Siart, 36,             Ms. Siart was promoted to Chief
Chief Financial Officer,       Financial Officer in 1994.  Ms.  
Secretary and Treasurer        Siart has been Secretary of the  
                               Company since 1988 and Treasurer 
                               since 1992.  Prior to being      
                               elected Treasurer in 1992, Ms.   
                               Siart was the System's           
                               Subsidiary Treasurer since 1988. 
                                                                
                               
James G. Daly, 37              Mr. Daly was promoted to Senior
Senior Vice President          Vice President of UNITIL Service 
Energy Resources               in 1994. Mr. Daly was Vice       
UNITIL Service                 President of UNITIL Service from 
                               1992 to 1994, and Asst. Vice     
                               President of UNITIL Service from 
                               1988 to 1992.                    
                               
George R. Gantz, 43            Mr. Gantz was promoted to Senior
Senior Vice President          Vice President of UNITIL Service 
Business Development           in 1994.  Mr. Gantz was Vice     
UNITIL Service                 President of UNITIL Service from 
                               1989 to 1994, and Asst. Vice     
                               President of UNITIL Service from 
                               1986 to 1989.                    

Item 2.  Properties
     
     CECo's  distribution  service  center  building  and  adjoining
administration  building,  totaling  37,560 square  feet of  office,
warehouse  and  garage  area, are  located on  land in  the City  of
Concord owned by CECo in fee.  CECo's sixteen electric  distribution
substations constitute 83,900 KVA of capacity for the transformation
of electric energy from the 34.5 KV transmission voltage to  primary
distribution voltage levels.  The electric substations are, with one
exception, located on land owned by CECo in fee.  The sole exception
is located on land occupied pursuant to a perpetual easement.
     CECo  has  in  excess  of  39 pole  miles of  34.5 KV  electric
transmission facilities located,  with minor  exceptions, either  on
land owned by CECo in fee or on land occupied pursuant to  perpetual
easements.    CECo  also  has 607  pole miles  of overhead  electric
distribution primary voltage lines and approximately 90 cable  miles
of underground  primary voltage  lines.   The electric  distribution
lines are located in, on or under public highways  or private  lands
pursuant  to  lease,  easement,  permit,  municipal consent,  tariff
conditions, agreement or license, expressed or  implied through  use
by CECo without objection by the  owners.   In the  case of  certain
distribution lines, CECo owns only a part interest in the poles upon
which its wires are installed, the remaining interest being owned by
telephone and telegraph companies.
     Additionally, CECo owns in fee 137.7 acres of  land located  on
the east bank of the Merrimack River in the City of Concord.  Of the
total  acreage, 81.2  acres are  located within  an industrial  park
zone, as specified in the zoning ordinances of the City of Concord.
     The physical properties of CECo (with  certain exceptions)  and
its franchises are subject to the lien of its Indenture of  Mortgage
and  Deed  of  Trust, as  supplemented, under  which the  respective
series of First Mortgage Bonds of CECo are outstanding.
     E&H's distribution and engineering service  center building  is
located  on  land  owned by  E&H in  fee.   E&H's fourteen  electric
distribution  substations,  together   with  a   5,000  KVA   mobile
substation, constitute 91,400 KVA of capacity for the transformation
of electric energy from the 34.5 KV transmission voltage to  primary
distribution voltage levels.  The electric  substations are  located
on land owned by E&H in fee.
     E&H  has  in  excess  of  68  pole  miles of  34.5 KV  electric
transmission facilities  located on  land either  owned or  occupied
pursuant to perpetual easements.   E&H also  has 681  pole miles  of
overhead   electric   distribution   primary   voltage   lines   and
approximately 69 cable miles of underground primary voltage lines.  
The electric distribution lines are located in, on  or under  public
highways  or  private  lands  pursuant to  lease, easement,  permit,
municipal  consent,   tariff  conditions,   agreement  or   license,
expressed or implied through  use by  E&H without  objection by  the
owners.  In the case of certain distribution lines, E&H owns only  a
part interest in the poles upon which its wires  are installed,  the
remaining interest being owned by telephone and telegraph companies.
     Certain  physical  properties  of  E&H and  its franchises  are
subject to the lien of its Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of  Trust,
as supplemented, under which the respective series of First Mortgage
Bonds of E&H are outstanding.
          FG&E owns a propane  gas plant  and leases  an LNG  plant,
both of which are located on land owned by it in fee.   The  Company
has entered into agreements for joint ownership with  others of  one
nuclear and two fossil fuel generating facilities.  At December  31,
1993, the electric properties of the  Company consisted  principally
of 70 miles of transmission lines, 18 transmission and  distribution
substations  with  a  total capacity  of 292,150  KVA (one  thousand
volt-amperes)  and  646  miles  of  distribution  lines.    Electric
transmission facilities (including substations) and steel, cast iron
and  plastic  gas  mains  owned  by  the  Company  are,  with  minor
exceptions, located on land owned by the Company in fee or  occupied
pursuant to perpetual  easements.   The Company  leases its  service
building, and its combustion turbine electric peaking generator  and
LNG facility.  (See Business - Electric Operations and Energy Supply
and  Gas  Operations  and  Supply above  for additional  information
regarding  the  Company's  plants,  facilities  and  gas  mains  and
services.)
     UNITIL Realty was, until February 13,  1995, the  owner of  the
Company's  corporate  headquarters  and  36  acres  of related  land
located in the Town  of Exeter,  New Hampshire.   On  that date  the
State of New Hampshire (the "State") took title to and possession of
the land and building through eminent domain.  The building is to be
demolished  in  connection  with  the  State's  Route  101   highway
expansion.  (See Capital Requirements under Item 1. of this  Report)
The  State has  indicated that  it does  not intend  to utilize  the
property  over the  next couple  of years,  and it  is allowing  the
Company  to  remain  on  the  property while The Company  completes
the construction  of  a  new  corporate  office building. The  Company
believes  that  its  facilities  are  currently  adequate for  their
intended uses. 


Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
     In June, 1993, E&H was served  with a  complaint from  Zeabrook
Associates, the owner of an apartment  complex.   In that  complaint
filed in the New Hampshire Superior Court for Rockingham County, the
owner asserts that  the Company  improperly imposed  a cash  deposit
requirement  for  new  residential  customers   in  the   claimant's
apartment complex resulting  in lost  rental income  and damages  to
reputation.  The  Company believes  that these  claims are  entirely
without  merit,  and it  has and  will continue  to actively  defend
itself against them.  Likelihood of unfavorable outcome or extent of
loss cannot be estimated at this time.  

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
     None

                              PART II

Item 5.  Market for the registrant's common equity and related
stockholder  matters.

     Common Stock Market Prices and Dividends are  provided in  Item
5. of Exhibit 13.1.


Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     Selected Consolidated Financial Data are provided in Item 6. of
Exhibit 13.1.


Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of financial condition
 and results of operations 

     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations are provided in Item 7. of Exhibit 13.1.


Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
     The following financial  statements and  Supplementary Data  of
the Company are provided in Item 8. of  Exhibit 13.1.


Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 1994 and 1993

Consolidated Statements of Earnings - for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

Consolidated Statements of Capitalization - December 31, 1994 and
1993

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity -
for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants


Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND  FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
     None.

                              PART III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
      Information required by this Item is set forth in Exhibit 99.1
on pages 2 through 6 of the 1995 Proxy Statement.

Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
      Information required by this Item is set forth in Exhibit 99.1
on pages 8 through 12 of the 1995 Proxy Statement.

Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT
               Information required  by this  Item is  set forth  in
Exhibit 99.1 on pages 2 through 4 of the 1995 Proxy Statement and is
incorporated herein by reference.
  
Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
        None

PART IV.
Item 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)  (1) and (2) -  The response to this portion is submitted as a
                       separate section of this report

          (3) - List of Exhibits

Exhibit No.       Description of Exhibit             Reference*
                                              
    3.1      Articles of Incorporation           Exhibit 3.1 to Form
               of the Company.                   S-14 Registration
                                                 Statement 2-93769
                                              
    3.2      Articles of Amendment to the     
               Articles of Incorporation      
               filed on March 4, 1992 and        Exhibit 3.2 to Form 
               April 30, 1992.                   10-K for 1992
                                              
    3.3      By-Laws of the Company.             Exhibit 3.2 to
                                                 Form S-14
                                                 Registration      
                                                 Statement 2-93769
                                              
    3.4      Articles of Exchange of Concord  
               Electric Company (CECo),       
               Exeter & Hampton                  Exhibit 3.3 to
               Electric Company (E&H)            10-K
               and the Company                   for 1984
                                              
    3.5      Articles of Exchange of CECo,    
               E&H, and the Company -         
               Stipulation of the Parties        Exhibit 3.4 to
               Relative to Recordation and       Form 10-K
               Effective Date.                   for 1984
                                              
    3.6      The Agreement and Plan of Merger 
               dated March 1, 1989 among the     Exhibit 25(b) to 
               Company, Fitchburg Gas and        Form 8-K
               Electric Light Company (FG&E)     dated
               and UMC Electric Co., Inc. (UMC). March 1, 1989
                                              
    3.7      Amendment No. 1 to The Agreement 
             and Plan of Merger dated March      Exhibit 28(b) to
             1, 1989 among the Company, FG&E     Form 8-K, dated
             and UMC                             December 14, 1989
                                              
                                              
    4.1      Indenture of Mortgage and Deed   
             of Trust dated July 15, 1958 of   
             CECo relating to First         
             Mortgage Bonds, Series B, 4 3/8%
             due September 15, 1988 and all 
             series unless supplemented.               **
                                              
    4.2      First Supplemental Indenture     
             dated January 15, 1968
             relating to CECo's First Mortgage       
             Bonds, Series C, 6 3/4% due    
             January 5, 1998 and all additional     
             series unless  supplemented.              **
                                              
    4.3      Second Supplemental Indenture    
             dated November 15, 1971        
             relating to CECo's First Mortgage       
             Bonds, Series D, 8.70% due     
             November 15, 2001 and all
             additional series                                             
             unless supplemented.                      **
                                              
    4.4      Fourth Supplemental Indenture    
             dated March 28, 1984 amending  
             CECo's Original First Mortgage 
             Bonds Indenture, and First,    
             Second and Third Supplemental
             Indentures and all additional series      **
             unless supplemented.                               
                                              
    4.5      Fifth Supplemental Indenture     
             dated June 1, 1984 relating    
             to CECo's First Mortgage       
             Bonds, Series F, 14 7/8% due   
             June 1, 1999 and all additional
             series unless supplemented.               **
                                              
    4.6      Sixth Supplemental Indenture     
             dated October 29, 1987         
             relating to CECo's First Mortgage       
             Bonds, Series G, 9.85% due        Exhibit 4.6 to 
             October 15, 1997 and all          Form 10-K
             additional series unless          for 1987
             supplemented.                  
                                              
    4.7      Seventh Supplemental Indenture   
             dated August 29, 1991 relating 
             to CECo's First Mortgage       
             Bonds, Series H, 9.43% due      
             September 1, 2003 and all         Exhibit 4.7 to
             additional series                 Form 10-K    
             unless supplemented.              for 1991
                                              
    4.8      Eighth Supplemental Indenture    
             dated October 14, 1994         
             relating to CECo's First Mortgage       
             Bonds, Series I, 8.49% due October    
             14, 2024 and all additional series Filed herewith
             unless supplemented.                               

    4.9      Indenture of Mortgage and Deed   
             of Trust dated December 1,     
             1952 of E&H                       Exhibit 4.5 to 
             relating to all series unless     Registration
             supplemented.                     Statement 2-49218
                                              
    4.10     Third Supplemental Indenture     
             dated June 1, 1964 relating    
             to E&H's First Mortgage Bonds,
             Series D, 4 3/4% due June 1,
             1994 and all                      Exhibit 4.5 to
             additional series unless          Registration
             supplemented.                     Statement 2-49218     
                                              
    4.11     Fourth Supplemental Indenture    
             dated January 15, 1968         
             relating to E&H's  
             First Mortgage Bonds, Series      Exhibit 4.6 to
             E, 6 3/4% due January 15, 1998    Registration
             and all additional series unless  Statement 2-49218
             supplemented.                                      
                                              
    4.12     Fifth Supplemental Indenture     
             dated November 15, 1971        
             relating to E&H's                       
             First Mortgage Bonds, Series      Exhibit 4.7 to
             F, 8.70% due November 15, 2001    Registration
             and all additional series unless  Statement 2-49218
             supplemented.                                      
                                              
    4.13     Sixth Supplemental Indenture     
             dated April 1, 1974 relating   
             to E&H's First                    
             Mortgage Bonds, Series G,
             8 7/8% due April 1, 2004 and all      
             additional series unless supplemented.    **
                                              
    4.14     Seventh Supplemental Indenture   
             dated December 15, 1977        
             relating to E&H's                 Exhibit 4 to
             First Mortgage Bonds, Series      Form 10-K
             H, 8.50% due December 15, 200     for 1977
             and all additional series unless  (File No. 0-7751)
             supplemented.                                      
                                              
    4.15     Eighth Supplemental Indenture    
             dated October 29, 1987
             relating to E&H's                       
             First Mortgage Bonds, Series      Exhibit 4.15 to
             I, 9.85% due October 15, 1997     Form 10-K
             and all additional series unless  for 1987
             supplemented.                                      
                                              
    4.16     Ninth Supplemental Indenture     
             dated August 29, 1991 relating 
             to E&H's First Mortgage Bonds,
             Series J, 9.43% due September     Exhibit 4.18 to 
             1, 2003 and  all additional       Form 10-K
             series unless supplemented.       for 1991
                                              
    4.17     Tenth Supplemental Indenture     
             dated October 14, 1994         
             relating to E&H's                       
             First Mortgage Bonds, Series K 
             8.49% due October 14, 2024 and 
             all additional series unless      Filed herewith
             supplemented.                                      
                                              
    4.18     Bond Purchase Agreement dated    
             August 29, 1991 relating to    
             E&H's First Mortgage Bonds,       Exhibit 4.19
             Series J Form 9.43% due September to Form 10-K
             1, 2003                           for 1991
                                              
    4.19     Purchase Agreement dated March   
             20, 1992 for the 8.55% Senior     Exhibit 4.18 to
             Notes due March 31, 2004          Form 10-K for 1993
                                              
    4.20     Note Agreement dated November    
             30,1993 for the 6.75% Notes due   Exhibit 4.18 to
             November 30, 2023                 Form 10-K for 1993
                                              
    4.21     First Mortgage Loan Agreement    
             dated October 24, 1988 with an 
             Institutional Investor in      
             connection with UNITIL Realty
             Corp.'s acquisition of the        Exhibit 4.16 to
             Company's facilities in Exeter,   Form 10-K
             New Hampshire.                    for 1988          
                                              
    10.1     Labor Agreement effective June   
             1, 1994 between CECo           
             and The International          
             Brotherhood of Electrical      
             Workers, Local Union No. 1837     Filed herewith
                                              
    10.2     Labor Agreement effective May    
             31, 1992 between E&H               
             and The International          
             Brotherhood of Electrical
             Workers, Local Union              Exhibit 10.2 to             
             No. 1837, Unit 1.                 Form 10-K for 1992
                                              
    10.3     Labor Agreement effective May 1, 
             1994 between FG&E and The      
             Brotherhood of Utility Workers 
             of New England, Inc., Local Union 
             No. 340.                          Filed herewith
                                              
    10.4     UNITIL System Agreement dated    
             June 19, 1986 providing that   
             UNITIL Power will supply          Exhibit 10.9 to
             wholesale requirements            Form 10-K
             electric service to CECo and E&H  for 1986
                                             
    10.5     Supplement No. 1 to UNITIL       
             System Agreement providing that       
             UNITIL Power will supply wholesale Exhibit 10.8 to
             requirements electric service      Form 10-K
             to CECo and E&H.                   for 1987
                                              
    10.6     Transmission Agreement Between   
             UNITIL Power Corp. and Public     
             Service Company of New            Exhibit 10.6 to
             Hampshire, Effective November     Form 10-K
             11, 1992.                         for 1993
                                              
    10.7     Form of Severance Agreement      
             dated February 21, 1989,          Exhibit 10.55 to
             between the Company and           Form 8
             the persons named in the          dated
             schedule attached thereto.        April 12, 1989
                                              
    10.8     Key Employee Stock Option         Exhibit 10.56 to
             Plan effective as of              Form 8 dated
             January 17, 1989.                 April 12, 1989
                                              
    10.9     UNITIL Corporation Key Employee   Exhibit 10.63 to
             Stock Option Plan Award           Form 10-K
             Agreement.                        for 1989
                                              
   10.10     UNITIL Corporation Management     Exhibit 10.94 to
             Performance Compensation          Form 10-K/A for
             Program.                          1993              
                                              
   10.11     UNITIL Corporation Supplemental  
             Executive Retirement Plan         Exhibit 10.95 to
             effective as of January 1,        Form 10-K/A for
             1987.                             1993              
                                              
    11.1     Statement Re Computation in      
             Support of Earnings Per Share  
             for the Company                   Filed herewith
                                              
    12.1     Statement Re Computation in      
             Support of Ratio of Earnings   
             to Fixed Charges for the          Filed herewith
             Company.                                           
                                              
    13.1     Portions of 1994 Annual Report    Filed herewith
             to Shareholders which have been
             incorporated by reference in
             Part II, Items 5 through 8 and
             Part IV, Items 14 a(1) and 
             14 a(2).
                                              
    22.1     Statement Re Subsidiaries of     
             Registrant.                       Filed herewith
                                              
    99.1     1995 Proxy Statement              Filed herewith


*    The exhibits referred to in this column by specific
designations and dates have heretofore been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission under such designations and are
hereby incorporated by reference.

**   Copies of these debt instruments will be furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

     (b)  Report on Form 10-K
          No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth
quarter of the year
          ended December 31, 1994.

     (d)  Financial Statement Schedules
          The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a
separate section
          of this report.


                             SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.

                                        UNITIL Corporation



Date   March 23, 1995                             By Peter J. Stulgis
                                                     Peter J. Stulgis
                                               Chairman of the Board of 
                                               Directors, and Chief 
                                               Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

      Signature                 Capacity                     Date

                                                                    
   Peter J. Stulgis         Principal Executive         March 23, 1995
   Peter J. Stulgis         Officer; Director
(Chairman of the Board of Directors
    and Chief Executive Officer)




   Michael J. Dalton        Principal Operating         March 23, 1995
   Michael J. Dalton        Officer; Director
 (President and Chief
    Operating Officer)


                    
                                 
   Gail A. Siart            Principal Financial         March 23, 1995
   Gail A. Siart            Officer 
 (Treasurer and Chief
  Financial Officer) 



   Charles H. Tenney II     Director                    March 23, 1995
   Charles H. Tenney II
          



   Douglas K. MacDonald     Director                    March 23, 1995
   Douglas K. Macdonald




   J. Parker Rice, Jr.      Director                    March 23, 1995
   J. Parker Rice, Jr.  




   Charles H. Tenney III    Director                    March 23, 1995
   Charles H. Tenney III
     



   W. William Vanderwolk, Jr. Director                  March 23, 1995
   W. William VanderWolk, Jr.




   J. D. Wheeler             Director                   March 23, 1995
   J. D. Wheeler




   Franklin Wyman, Jr.       Director                   March 23, 1995
   Franklin Wyman, Jr.





                     ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                ITEM 14(a)(1) AND (2) AND ITEM 14(d)

   LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

                   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994

                WITH REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED

                         PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS





                   Prepared for filing as part of
                     Annual Report (Form 10-K)
             to the Securities and Exchange Commission



FORM 10-K --- ITEM 14(a)(1) and (2)                        


   LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
     The following consolidated financial statements of the Company
and subsidiaries included in the Exhibit 13.1 for the year ended
December 31, 1994 are incorporated by reference in Item 8:



Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 1994 and 1993

Consolidated Statements of Earnings - for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                          

Consolidated Statements of Capitalization - December 31, 1994 and
1993

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity -
for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants

The following consolidated financial statement schedules of the
Company and subsidiaries are included in Item 14(d):
                                                         Page No.

     Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants     26

     For the three years ended December 31, 1994;

     Schedule VIII Valuation and Qualifying Accounts        27


     All other schedules for which provision is made in the
applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange
Commission are not required under the related instructions, are
inappropriate, or information required is included in the financial
statements or notes thereto and, therefore, have been omitted.     



         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


To the Shareholders of
UNITIL Corporation


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of UNITIL Corporation and subsidiaries referred to in our
report dated February 10, 1995, which is included in the 1994 Annual
Report  to Shareholders, which is incorporated  by reference
in Parts II and IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 1994, we have also audited the schedule listed in the
Index at Part IV Item 14(a)(2).  In our opinion, this schedule presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be set
forth therein.

                                               GRANT THORNTON LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
February 10, 1995


____________________________________________________________________
                                               
                       
                                                                    
     

        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

     We  have   issued  our   reports  dated   February  10,   1995,
accompanying  the  consolidated financial  statements and  schedules
incorporated by reference or included in the Annual Report of UNITIL
Corporation  and  subsidiaries  on  Form  10-K  for  the year  ended
December  31,  1994.    We hereby  consent to  the incorporation  by
reference of said reports in the Registration  Statements of  UNITIL
Corporation and subsidiaries on Form S-3 and on Form S-8.
     

                                                GRANT THORNTON LLP


Boston, Massachusetts
March 30, 1995


                                                      SCHEDULE VIII.

<TABLE>

                      UNITIL CORPORATION                
        VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES  
<CAPTION>                                                        
   Column A      Column B     Column C               Column D     Column E
                              Additions                              
                 Balance      Charged     Charged     Deductions  Balance at
                 at Beg.      to Cost     to Other      from      End of
                 Beginning    and Expense Accounts(A) Reserves(B) Period
                                                        
                                                        
Year Ended December 31, 1994             
                                                        
Reserves Deducted from A/R                                          
     <S>         <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>          
     Electric    510,853       552,905     193,202     752,170    504,790
     Gas          70,402       157,098      58,714     217,155     69,059 
                                                                
                 581,255       710,003     251,916     969,325    573,849
                                                                
                                                        
Year Ended December 31, 1993 
                                                        
Reserves Deducted from A/R 
                                                         
     Electric    461,048       654,959     154,355     759,509    510,853
     Gas          95,008       152,720      54,733     232,059     70,402 
                                                                
                 556,056       807,679     209,088     991,568    581,255
                                                                
                                                        
Year Ended December 31, 1992
                                                        
Reserves Deducted from A/R
                                                        
     Electric    394,474      656,762      170,494     760,682    461,048
     Gas         135,222      140,189       60,656     241,059     95,008 
                                                                
                 529,696      796,951      231,150   1,001,741    556,056
                                                        
(A)  Collections on Accounts Previously Charged Off
(B)  Bad Debts Charged Off                                                     
                                                               
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF 1994 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>


ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Common Stock Data
Dividends Paid Per Common Share                                  
                                               1994        1993   
<S>                                              <C>        <C>
1st Quarter                                      $0.31      $0.28
2nd Quarter                                       0.31       0.29
3rd Quarter                                       0.31       0.29
4th Quarter                                       0.31       0.29
The Year                                         $1.24      $1.15
</TABLE>
<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
                                                       
Price Range of Common Stock
                             1993                  1994 
                      High/Ask   Low/Bid    High/Ask   Low/Bid
     <S>             <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>            
     1st Quarter      19 5/8     18 7/8     19 7/8     17 3/8
     2nd Quarter      19 1/2     16 3/4     20         17 5/8
     3rd Quarter      19         15 7/8     21 3/8     18 5/8
     4th Quarter      18 1/4     16         21 5/8     18 5/8
</TABLE>

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                          1994     1993     1992     1991     1990
Consolidated Statements of Earnings (000's)
 <S>                    <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>
 Operating Income        $13,774  $14,073  $13,342  $12,360  $14,337
 Non-operating Income         62       50       22    (357)      171
   (Expense)                                                            
  Gross Income            13,836   14,123   13,364   12,003   14,508
 Income Deductions         5,798    6,523    6,948    8,067    7,979
 Unsolicited Tender                                         
Offer and Merger                                                     
  Expenses (Net of          ----     ----    (155)    1,571    1,011
  Taxes)                                                               
 Net Income Before                                          
  Cumulative                                                           
  Effect of Accounting     8,038    7,600    6,571    2,365    5,518
  Change                                                               
 Cumulative Effect of                                       
  Accounting Change          ----     ----     ----     ----     ----  
 Net Income                8,038    7,600    6,571    2,365    5,518
                                                                   
 Dividends on Preferred      291      298      352      315      325
  Stock
Net Income Applicable to   7,747    7,302    6,219    2,050    5,193
  Common Stock

Balance Sheet Data                                       
     (000'S)
 Utility Plant          $178,777 $171,540 $165,880 $160,575 $153,929
(original cost)                                                      
 Total Assets            204,521  201,509  172,348  170,390  171,555
 Capitalization and                                         
  Short-term Debt:                                                     
    Common Stock Equity   59,997   56,234   52,608   49,887   51,664
    Preferred Stock        4,094    4,198    4,277    4,412    4,558
    Long-term Debt        65,580   57,378   62,041   60,442   53,044
    Short-term Notes        ----    8,400    4,780    9,550   11,783
     Payable                                                              
 Total Capitalization    129,671  126,210  123,706  124,291  121,049

 Capitalization Ratios:                                     
    Common Stock Equity      46%      45%      43%      40%      43%
    Preferred Stock           3%       3%       3%       4%       4%
    Long-term &              51%      52%      54%      56%      53%
Short-term Debt                                                      
                                                            
Common Stock Data                                         
       (000'S)
  Shares of Common         4,268    4,205    4,152    4,119    4,111
   Stock (year-end)                                                     
  Shares of Common         4,234    4,181    4,133    4,115    4,107
   Stock (Average)                                                      
                                                            
Per Share Data                                              
  Earnings Per Average     $1.83    $1.75    $1.50    $0.50    $1.26
   Share                                                                
  Dividends Paid Per       $1.24    $1.15    $1.10    $1.04    $1.02
   Share                                                                
  Book Value Per Share    $14.06   $13.37   $12.67   $12.11   $12.57
                                                            
Electric and Gas                                            
Statistics                                                           
  Sales-Millions of KWH    1,358    1,303    1,261    1,230    1,237
  Meters Served - Year    86,782   85,383   85,131   84,222   83,731
   End                                                                  
  Sales-Thousands of      23,057   22,763   23,281   20,394   21,215
   Firm Therms                                                          
  Meters Served - Year    15,012   15,340   15,514   15,713   15,775
   End                                                                  
</TABLE>

Note: The above data have been combined and restated to reflect the
merger of FG&E into the UNITIL System and the two-for-one stock split
that occurred in 1992.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview of Earnings and Dividends

    UNITIL's earnings were $1.83 per average common share outstanding for
the year ending December 31, 1994, compared to 1993's record earnings per
share of $1.75, and 1992's earnings of $1.50 per share. This 1994
earnings performance resulted in an average return on common equity of
13.3%.
    The increased earnings for 1994 and 1993 were primarily the result of
sustained energy sales growth over this two-year period; reduced interest
cost achieved through a series of long-term debt refinancings; ongoing
success in managing the System's operating costs; and expanding sources
of revenue and earnings from UNITIL Resources, the Company's energy
consulting subsidiary. These positive earnings effects were offset by a
voluntary base rate reduction, fully implemented by the Company's
Massachusetts retail operating subsidiary in 1994, and to a lesser
extent, the absence of both a revenue adjustment and a property tax
adjustment which occurred in 1993.  
    All three of the UNITIL System's retail distribution subsidiaries
experienced strong energy sales growth in 1994, as compared to 1993, with
total kilowatt-hour sales and kilowatt billing demands up 4.3% and 3.3%.
Firm gas therm sales were up 1.3%. This increase in energy sales mainly
reflects the continuing improvement of the local and regional economies
throughout the year and the favorable impact this improvement has on
sales to commercial and industrial customers. The overall impact of the
weather on sales growth for the year as a whole was minimal, as
warmer-than-normal weather in the fourth quarter of 1994 largely offset
weather-related sales gains from earlier in the year. 
       In 1993, as compared to 1992, the System's total kilowatt-hour
sales and kilowatt billing demands were up 3.3% and 3.9%, respectively.
The Company's current outlook for 1995 calls for continuation of this
positive trend in energy sales growth.
           In 1994, the System's utility operating and maintenance costs
(excluding fuel and purchased power, which are normally recovered from
customers through periodic rate adjustment mechanisms) rose modestly
compared to the prior year, despite upward pressure on these costs during
this period of relatively high sales growth. In 1993 and 1992, the
System's utility operating and maintenance costs were actually reduced to
levels lower than the prior years' expenses. Interest-related expenses
decreased approximately 11% and 6% in 1994 and 1993, respectively,
largely as a result of a series of long-term debt refinancings.
    At its January 1995 meeting, the UNITIL Board of Directors increased
the quarterly dividend by 3.2% to $0.32 per share, resulting in the
current effective annualized dividend of $1.28 per share.  This most
recent increase followed a 6.9% increase in the common dividend in
January 1994. This  current effective annual dividend rate of $1.28
represents a payout of approximately 69% on 1994's earnings.

Operating Revenues 

    Electric Operating Revenue increased by approximately $1.3 million in
1994, or 1%, as compared to 1993. This increase reflects an increase of
approximately $0.3 million in fuel, purchased power and demand-side
management and conservation program costs (which, as they are incurred,
are billed to customers through periodic rate adjustment mechanisms) and
a $1.0 million, or 2.2%, increase in electric base revenue. Electric base
revenue is that portion of Electric Operating Revenue which has a direct
impact on net income.
    The 2.2% increase in electric base revenue was primarily due to
continued strong growth in the System's total kilowatt-hour sales and
kilowatt billing demands, which increased in 1994 by 4.3% and 3.3%,
respectively, compared to 1993. Partially offsetting this comparative
year-over-year increase in electric base revenue was the full-year impact
of a voluntary base rate reduction which was implemented by the Company's
Massachusetts retail operating subsidiary in December, 1993. (See also
"Financing Activities.") Further offsetting the increase in 1994 was the
absence of a revenue adjustment made in 1993 to record base revenue from
energy sales made in a prior period.
       All three of the Company's retail operating companies contributed
to the relatively strong sales performance in 1994. System-wide
kilowatt-hour sales to commercial and industrial customers increased by
5.4%, and residential sales grew by 2.4% in 1994, compared to the prior
year. This increase in energy sales mainly reflects the impact of a
strengthening regional and local economy on overall energy usage and
customer growth. 
       While some extreme seasonal weather conditions played a positive
role on energy used for heating and cooling during the first and third
quarters of 1994, an extended period of unseasonably warm weather in the
fourth quarter largely offset most of the weather-related energy sales
pickup earlier in the year.
    In 1993, total system electric revenue increased by approximately
$5.1 million, or 4%, with the base revenue portion of total electric
revenue increasing by approximately 3.5%. This increase in electric base
revenue in 1993, compared to 1992, reflected growth in total electric
kilowatt-hour sales and kilowatt billing demands of 3.3% and 3.9%,
respectively. Kilowatt hour sales to commercial and industrial customers
grew by 4.6%, while residential sales grew a more moderate 1.3% in 1993.
The increase in base revenue also reflected a revenue adjustment made in
1993 to record base revenue from energy sales made in a prior period. In
addition, during 1993, the retail operating subsidiaries began to recover
"lost base revenue" and "shared savings" associated with the energy
savings achieved through the implementation of demand-side management and
conservation programs. 
      Gas Operating Revenue was approximately $18.7 million in 1994, or
about 12% of the System's total operating revenue. Total gas operating
revenue increased by about $0.2 million, or 1.1%, in 1994, as compared to
1993. Total gas operating revenue is comprised of three components: cost
of gas adjustment revenue, interruptible revenue and gas base revenue.
Cost of gas adjustment revenue reflects gas supply costs which are
recovered directly from customers through a periodic rate adjustment
mechanism. Margins earned on interruptible gas sales are used to lower
rates directly to firm customers through cost of gas adjustment, and do
not directly impact the Company's net income. Gas base revenue is that
portion of operating revenue which has a direct impact on net income. 
    In 1994, Cost of Gas Adjustment revenue decreased by 1.3% as a result
of a decrease in the unit cost of gas during the period. Interruptible
revenue increased by about $324,000, an increase of more than 29%,
reflecting the significantly improved competitive pricing of gas as a
fuel of choice for dual-fuel interruptible customers in 1994, as compared
to 1993. Gas base revenue increased approximately $22,000 or 0.3%, in
1994, based on an overall increase of 1.3% in firm therm sales, offset by
the full-year impact of a voluntary base rate reduction which was
implemented by the Company's Massachusetts retail operating subsidiary in
December 1993 (See also "Financing Activities" below).
    In 1994, compared to 1993, firm gas therm sales to commercial and
industrial customers increased 3.7%, reflecting continued growth in the
local and regional economies. Firm therm sales to residential customers,
(the most weather sensitive customer class) remained relatively flat,
largely due to the offsetting impact that the unseasonable warm fourth
quarter of 1994 had on the contrasting colder-than-normal heating season
in the first quarter of the year. 
       Total gas operating revenue decreased by $0.8 million, or 4%, in
1993, as compared to 1992. In 1993, gas base revenue decreased by
approximately $170,000, or 2.4%, as a result of a decrease of 2.2% in
therm sales to firm customers. This decrease followed a substantial
increase of 14% in firm gas sales in 1992 over 1991, and was primarily
due to a decrease of 3.6% in sales to residential customers as a result
of a warmer-than-normal heating season in 1993. Interruptible revenue
decreased approximately 37% in 1993.
       Other Revenue of $624,560 in 1994 and $368,009 in 1993 was
principally derived from UNITIL Resources, the Company's energy
consulting subsidiary, which began providing consulting services to
nonaffiliated clients in mid-1993. These consulting services have chiefly
related to providing administrative, management and power brokering
services to client companies.

Fuel and Purchased Power

      Fuel and Purchased Power expenses represent wholesale capacity and
energy purchased to meet the UNITIL System's electric energy
requirements. Fuel and purchased power costs are normally recoverable
from customers through periodic rate adjustment mechanisms. Fuel and
purchased power expenses were relatively flat in 1994, reflecting
favorable pricing of existing long-term power supply commitments and
competitive short-term power supply markets. In 1993, fuel and purchased
power expenses increased by 6.4%, due to the addition of new long-term
power supply resources, contract entitlement changes and the overall
growth in system energy requirements.
      The combined resource portfolio of the UNITIL System was comprised
of a variety of generation sources, including owned generation, utility
purchased power contracts and purchases from non-utility generators. The
UNITIL System's total power supply resources for 1994 were comprised of:
17% from subsidiary-owned generation; 54% from various utility-purchased
power contracts; 29% representing purchases from non-utility generation
units.

Gas Purchased for Resale

       Gas Purchased for Resale increased by approximately $44,000, or
0.4%, in 1994, as compared to 1993, mainly reflecting an increase of 7.2%
in therms purchased (including gas purchased for interruptible sales),
offset by a lower unit cost of gas. Gas Purchased for Resale decreased by
almost $0.7 million, or 5.5%, in 1993 as compared to 1992, based on a
decrease of 7.2% in therms purchased. Gas purchased for resale is
normally recoverable from customers through the cost of gas adjustment
mechanism.

Operating and Maintenance

    In 1994, Operating and Maintenance increased by almost $0.9 million,
or 3.0%. One-third of this increase in Operating and Maintenance expense
was due to a 20% rise in expenditures on demand-side management and
conservation programs during 1994, as compared to 1993. Expenditures on
demand-side management and conservation programs are normally recoverable
from customers through periodic rate adjustment mechanisms. 
    The remaining increase in 1994's Operating and Maintenance expense
reflects modest overall growth of $0.5 million, or 2.7%, in the System's
operating costs. The majority of the increase in operating expense was
due to extensive gas distribution system-related maintenance and repairs
conducted in 1994, as well as higher administrative and general expenses.
    Comparing 1993 to 1992, Operating and Maintenance expense decreased
by $1.5 million, or 4.9%. The majority of this decrease was due to a
reduction of over 20% in wholesale transmission costs. This cost
reduction was achieved through a negotiated settlement with one of UNITIL
Power's wholesale transmission suppliers, resulting in refunds and
significantly lower charges for firm transmission services. Furthermore,
the utility operating and maintenance expenses of UNITIL's three retail
distribution subsidiaries decreased slightly to levels below the previous
year's expenses, reflecting the capturing of system-wide operating
efficiencies and the combined effect of overall cost reductions in a
number of expense categories. In both 1993 and 1992, UNITIL's three
retail distribution subsidiaries reduced operating and maintenance
expenses to levels lower than in the prior year.

Depreciation, Amortization, Taxes and Interest Charges

    Depreciation Expense increased approximately 3% in 1994 and 4% in
1993, compared to the prior periods, principally reflecting normal
planned increases in plant and equipment. 
    Amortization of the Cost of Abandoned Properties principally relates
to FG&E's abandonment of its investment in the Seabrook Nuclear Power
Plant. This abandonment is being amortized over a thirty-year period
which commenced in 1987, and coincides with revenue recovery that was
allowed by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities (MDPU). (See
Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)
      Federal and State Income Taxes increased by approximately $450,000,
or 12.2%, in 1994. Federal Income Taxes increased about $224,000, mainly
reflecting greater Net Income Before Taxes of approximately $0.9 million.
Total State Income Taxes increased by approximately $226,000.
    Federal Income Taxes increased approximately $400,000 in 1993, as
compared to 1992, reflecting greater Net Income Before Taxes.
    Local Property Taxes increased $338,600 or 14.4% in 1994. This
increase mainly reflects the absence of an adjustment related to property
taxes made in 1993 for one of the Company's subsidiaries' jointly owned
generating units, as well as annual property tax increases set by local
communities. Local Property taxes decreased in 1993, compared to 1992,
mainly because of the aforementioned adjustment to property taxes on one
of the Company's joint-owned electric generating units.
    Other Taxes increased about $226,000 in 1994, largely due to the
full-year impact of the reinstatement in mid-1993 of the New Hampshire
Franchise Tax for UNITIL's New Hampshire retail operating subsidiaries.
    Interest and Debt Expense decreased approximately $725,000, or 11.1%,
in 1994, due mainly to the full-year impact of a $19 million long-term
debt refinancing completed in November 1993 by the Company's
Massachusetts subsidiary (See Financing Activities), as well as annual
sinking fund payments which reduced the principal amounts outstanding of
long-term debt during the year. Partially offsetting reduced long-term
debt related interest costs were rising short-term borrowing rates and
increased average short-term borrowing levels during 1994, compared to
1993.
    Interest and Debt Expense decreased approximately 6% in 1993,
compared to 1992, due primarily to the refinancing of long-term debt at
lower interest rates in 1992 and again in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Also contributing to lower interest costs was the general decline in
short-term borrowing costs during this period.

Capital Requirements and Liquidity

    The UNITIL System companies primarily require capital for the
acquisition of property, plant and equipment to improve, protect,
maintain and expand their electric and gas operating systems. Capital
expenditures were approximately $9.2 million in 1994, and $7.9 million in
1993 and 1992. These levels of capital expenditures reflect increasing
sales and customer growth in 1994 and 1993 and planned utility system
improvements. 
    In 1995, capital expenditures are expected to increase by about $5.9
million, compared to the prior year, to a total capital expenditure level
of $15.1 million. This projected increase of $5.9 million primarily
reflects additional capital expenditures of approximately $3.4 million
for the commencement of construction of a new corporate headquarters, as
well as an increase in capital expenditures of approximately $2.5 million
for planned utility system expansions, replacements and other
improvements. On February 2, 1995, UNITIL received a long-awaited offer
letter from the State of New Hampshire for the taking by eminent domain
of its corporate headquarters and related land located in Exeter, New
Hampshire. The building is to be demolished in connection with the State
of New Hampshire's Route 101 highway expansion project.  The Company
currently estimates that capital expenditures of approximately $6 million
will be required over a two-year period for the completion of the new
corporate headquarters by mid-1996.
    When internally-generated funds are not available, the Company
follows a policy of borrowing on a short-term basis to meet the external
capital requirements of its subsidiaries. At the appropriate time, UNITIL
and its subsidiaries convert their short-term indebtedness into senior
capital. The size and timing of such financings depend on developments in
the securities markets, the ability to meet certain financing covenants
and the receipt of appropriate regulatory approval. UNITIL attempts to
maintain a conservative capital structure, contributing to both the
stability of the Company and its ability to market new securities. UNITIL
and its subsidiaries have been able to access financial markets to meet
their requirements and do not anticipate a change in the availability of
capital in the coming year.
    UNITIL has committed lines of credit with a number of banks, totaling
$11 million, in addition to an unsecured guidance line of credit for
short-term debt on a "when available" basis, aggregating $3 million. At
December 31, 1994, there were no borrowings outstanding under these
credit lines.

Financing Activities

    On October 14, 1994, Concord Electric Company (CECo) sold $6,000,000
of 30-year Series I First Mortgage Bonds to an institutional investor at
par, bearing an interest rate of 8.49%. Proceeds were used to repay
short-term indebtedness, incurred to fund CECo's ongoing construction
program, and to redeem two higher coupon long-term debt issues prior to
their maturity. The redemptions, which totaled $2,430,000, included
$930,000 of Series D First Mortgage Bonds, 8.70%; and $1,500,000 of
Series G First Mortgage Bonds, 9.85%.
    On October 14, 1994, Exeter & Hampton Electric Company (E&H) sold
$9,000,000 of 30-year Series K First Mortgage Bonds to an institutional
investor at par, bearing an interest rate of 8.49%. Proceeds were used to
repay short-term indebtedness incurred to fund E&H's ongoing construction
program, and to redeem three higher coupon long-term debt issues prior to
their maturity. The redemptions, which totaled $3,565,000, included
$1,235,000 of Series F First Mortgage Bonds, 8.70%; $930,000 of Series G
First Mortgage Bonds, 8.875%; and $1,400,000 of Series I First Mortgage
Bonds, 9.85%.
    On November 30, 1993 FG&E sold $19,000,000 of long term notes to
institutional investors at par, bearing an interest rate of 6.75%.
Proceeds were used for the early redemption of three of FG&E's long-term
debt issues, aggregating $9,580,000, which carried average coupon rates
in excess of 9.6%, as well as the repayment of FG&E's 10.51% note
aggregating $12,000,000 which matured on December 3, 1993. In conjunction
with FG&E's $19 million long-term note financing, FG&E also made an
unprecedented proposal before the MDPU to share a portion of the
resulting interest savings with customers by cutting base rates to all
gas and electric customers. The MDPU approved the proposal and a base
rate reduction of $327,000 on an annual basis became effective on
December 1, 1993.
    During 1994, the Company raised $1,037,809 of additional common
equity capital through the issuance of 58,229 shares of common stock in
connection with the Dividend Reinvestment and Tax Deferred Savings and
Investment plans. In 1993, the Company raised $880,154 of additional
common equity capital through the issuance of 46,291 shares of common
stock in connection with these plans.

Regulatory Matters

    The last formal regulatory hearings to increase base rates for
UNITIL's three retail operating subsidiaries occurred in 1985 for CECo,
1984 for FG&E and 1981 for E&H. A majority of the System's operating
revenues are collected under various periodic rate adjustment mechanisms,
including fuel, purchased power, cost of gas and conservation program
cost recovery mechanism.
    Under Order 636, issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC) in April 1992, a comprehensive set of regulations was established
to encourage competition, by requiring gas pipeline suppliers to convert
existing "bundled" sales services to "unbundled" transportation services.
One aspect of the order allows pipeline suppliers to recover prudently
incurred costs resulting from the transition to the new rules. FG&E, the
Company's combination gas and electric utility operating subsidiary, has
been incurring FERC-approved transition charges from its natural gas
pipeline supplier since 1992. Through the end of 1994, the amount of
transition costs incurred by FG&E totaled approximately $1.7 million.
These costs have been recovered directly from FG&E's gas customers
through the cost of gas adjustment mechanism. Based on estimates included
in rate filings before the FERC and other publicly available information,
FG&E currently estimates that it may incur up to an additional $1.7
million of transition costs in future years. FG&E expects full recovery
of these costs through billings to customers. 

Environmental Issues

    For many years, the Company's combination gas and electric operating
subsidiary, FG&E, and a former subsidiary of FG&E, operated coal
gasification plants in Fitchburg (the Sawyer Passway Site) and Gardner
(the Logan Street Site), Massachusetts. During the last several years,
FG&E has been working with the Massachusetts Department of Environmental
Protection (DEP) and other responsible parties to assess the
environmental contamination in the vicinity of these sites as a result of
historical gas manufacturing operations. Based on information developed
over the last several years, it had been discovered that there was
environmental contamination at the Sawyer Passway Site which will require
continuing assessment, as well as remedial action in the future. The DEP
has classified the Sawyer Passway Site as a confirmed hazardous waste
site, which will require compliance under the DEP Massachusetts
Contingency Plan (MCP) regulations.
    The new MCP regulations were issued by the DEP in June, 1993, and
took effect October 1, 1993. Under the regulations, FG&E has five years
from the date of a hazardous waste TIER classification permit to complete
the remediation effort at the Sawyer Passway Site. The new procedures
include site ranking; the use of a State Licensed Site Professional; and
compliance with various other new applications, reporting and enforcement
procedures. Based on work done with the DEP during 1994 in compliance
with the MCP regulations, FG&E received notification of the Sawyer
Passway Site TIER classification permit in December 1994. The five year
remediation clock will commence in 1995. Also in compliance with the DEP
requirements, FG&E will conduct a preliminary site assessment of the
Logan Street Site in 1995. This assessment will determine if the site
needs to be TIER classified. Because site assessment is at an early stage
at both locations, management cannot at this time predict the costs of
future analysis and remediation.   
    The costs of environmental assessment and any remedial action taken
in connection with testing, analysis and remediation work at these sites
are initially funded internally and then recovered under a rate recovery
mechanism approved by the MDPU. This rate recovery mechanism provides for
the deferral of environmental costs and subsequent recovery through
future rates over succeeding seven-year periods. FG&E has a number of
liability insurance policies that may provide coverage for remediation of
former coal gasification sites. Any recovery that FG&E receives from
insurance or third parties will be split equally between FG&E and its
customers through an appropriate adjustment to the rate recovery
mechanism.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ASSETS
                                         December 31,                    
                                    1994             1993
<S>                              <C>            <C>
Utility Plant (at cost)                         
 Electric                        $142,311,415     $136,669,493
 Gas                               25,652,522       24,195,621
 Common                             9,783,183        9,666,187
 Construction Work in Progress      1,029,681        1,008,681
Utility Plant                     178,776,801      171,539,982
Less:  Accumulated                 57,203,799       53,469,346
Depreciation                                                   
Net Utility Plant                 121,573,002      118,070,636
                                                
Miscellaneous Property &              137,698          137,833
Investment (at cost)                                           
                                                
                                                
Current Assets:                                 
 Cash                               3,810,123        1,705,786
 Accounts Receivable - Less                     
Allowance for                                                  
   Doubtful Accounts of            13,281,686       13,717,872
$573,849, 581,254                                              
 Materials and Supplies (at         2,089,979        2,527,464
average cost)                                                  
 Prepayments                          408,701          488,504
 Accrued Revenue and Deferred       2,292,297        3,646,489
Fuel Costs                                                     
     Total Current Assets          21,882,786       22,086,115
                                                
                                                
Deferred Debits:                                
 Unamortized Debt Expense                       
(amortized                                                     
   over term of securities)           955,931          720,821
 Unamortized Cost of Abandoned                  
Properties                                                     
   (being amortized through        28,772,838       30,378,478
2017) (Note 2)                                                 
 Prepaid Pension Costs (Note        5,801,714        5,017,121
9)                                                             
 Other (Note 7)                    25,397,492       25,097,751
    Total Deferred Debits          60,927,975       61,214,171
                                                
TOTAL                             204,521,461      201,508,755

    (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                    CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES

                                           December 31,                      
                                      1994             1993
<S>                                <C>              <C>   
Capitalization:                                   
 Common Stock Equity (Note 3)       $59,997,198      $56,233,777
 Preferred Stock,                       225,000          225,000
Non-Redeemable, Non-Cumulative                                   
 Preferred Stock, Redeemable,         3,868,600        3,972,700
Cumulative (Note 4)                                              
 Long-term Debt (Note 5)             65,288,231       55,610,322
     Total Capitalization           129,379,029      116,041,799
                                                  
Capitalized Lease Obligations         3,377,389        3,549,834
(Note 9)                                                         
                                                  
Current Liabilities:                              
 Long-term Debt Due Within One          292,090        1,767,772
Year (Note 5)                                                    
 Notes Payable (Note 6)                   ----         8,400,000
 Accounts Payable                    12,491,041       13,440,286
 Dividends Declared                     152,210          131,434
 Customers' Deposits and              2,482,779        1,738,454
  Refunds                                                          
 Taxes Accrued                        (345,243)          267,181
 Interest Accrued                     1,376,477        1,160,753
 Capitalized Lease Obligations          460,152          644,673
(Note 9)                                                         
 Accrued and Other Liabilities        2,546,878        1,259,298
   Total Current Liabilities         19,456,384       28,809,851
                                                  
Deferred Credits:                                 
 Unamortized Investment Tax           2,006,168        2,216,844
  Credit                                                           
 Other (Note 7)                       9,212,872        9,610,631
   Total Deferred Credits            11,219,040       11,827,475
                                                  
Deferred Income Taxes (Note 7)       41,089,619       41,279,796
Commitments and Contingencies                     
(Note 9)                                                         
                                                  
  TOTAL                            $204,521,461     $201,508,755

    (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

                                      Year Ended December 31,                   
                                 1994           1993           1992
<S>                         <C>            <C>            <C>            
Operating Revenues:                                       
 Electric                    $134,096,627   $132,754,707   $127,672,435
 Gas                           18,694,703     18,486,105     19,261,089
 Other                            624,560        368,010        ----        
                                                                   
  Total Operating Revenues    153,415,890    151,608,822    146,933,524
Operating Expenses:                                       
 Fuel and Purchased Power      82,655,038     82,758,947     77,760,699
 Gas Purchased for Resale      11,139,311     11,094,848     11,745,691
 Operation and Maintenance     29,591,318     28,736,676     30,204,744
 Depreciation (Note 1)          6,129,617      5,949,072      5,702,379
 Amort.of Cost of Abandoned     1,605,640      1,528,873      1,253,718
Properties                                                              
 Provisions for Taxes:                                    
   Local Property and Other     4,384,032      3,779,459      3,307,119
   Federal and State Income     4,137,430      3,687,538      3,617,371
(Notes 1 and 7)                                                         
      Total Operating         139,642,386    137,535,413    133,591,721
Expenses                                                                
Operating Income               13,773,504     14,073,409     13,341,803
Non-operating Income               62,887         50,145         22,162
Gross Income                   13,836,391     14,123,554     13,363,965
Income Deductions:                                        
 Interest and Debt Expense      5,798,192      6,523,487      6,948,819
 Other                            ----              ----       (155,116)
   Total Income Deductions      5,798,192      6,523,487      6,793,703
Net Income                      8,038,199      7,600,067      6,570,262
Less Dividends on Preferred       291,543        297,577        351,623
Stock                                                                   
Net Income Applicable to       $7,746,656     $7,302,490     $6,218,639
Common Stock                                                            
                                                          
Average Common Shares           4,234,062      4,180,534      4,133,370
Outstanding                                                             
                                                          
Earnings Per Average Common         $1.83          $1.75          $1.50
Share                                                                   
                                                       

       (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION
  
                                                  December 31,      
                                                 1994         1993
<S>                                         <C>          <C>           
Common Stock Equity (Note 3)                              
  Common Stock, No Par Value (Authorized -   $31,751,984  $30,643,009
   8,000,000 shares;                                                     
   Outstanding - 4,267,837 and 4,205,498
   Shares
  Paid in Capital - Stock Options (Note 9)     1,062,198      910,892
  Retained Earnings                           27,183,016   24,679,876
      Total Common Stock Equity               59,997,198   56,233,777
Preferred Stock (Note 4)                                  
  CECo Preferred Stock, Non-Redeemable,          225,000      225,000
   Non-Cumulative: 6% Series, $100 Par Value                             
  CECo Preferred Stock, Redeemable,              230,000      230,000
   Cumulative:  8.70% Series, $100 Par Value                          
  E&H Preferred Stock, Redeemable,                        
   Cumulative:                                                           
    5% Series, $100 Par Value                    105,000      105,000
    6% Series, $100 Par Value                    175,000      175,000
    8.75% Series, $100 Par Value                 344,300      344,300
    8.25% Series, $100 Par Value                 436,000      436,000
  FG&E Preferred Stock, Redeemable,                       
   Cumulative:                                                           
    5.125% Series, $100 Par Value              1,108,100    1,150,100
    8% Series, $100 Par Value                  1,470,200    1,532,300
      Total Preferred Stock                    4,093,600    4,197,700

Long-Term Debt (Note 5)                                   
  Ceco First Mortgage Bonds:                              
    Series C, 6.75%, due January 15, 1998      1,584,000    1,584,000
    Series D, 8.70%, due November 15, 2001       ----         930,000
    Series G, 9.85%, due October 15, 1997        ----       1,500,000
    Series H, 9.43%, due September 1, 2003     6,500,000    6,500,000
    Series I, 8.49%, due October 14, 2024      6,000,000      ----

  E&H First Mortgage Bonds:                               
    Series D, 4.75%, due June 1, 1994             ----        547,500
    Series E, 6.75%, due January 15, 1998        518,000      525,000
    Series F, 8.70%, due November 15, 2001       ----       1,235,000
    Series G, 8.875%, due April 1, 2004          ----         940,000
    Series H, 8.50%, due December 15, 2002     1,015,000    1,120,000
    Series I, 9.85%, due October 15, 1997        ----       1,400,000
    Series J, 9.43%, due September 1, 2003     5,000,000    5,000,000
    Series K, 8.49%, due October 14, 2024      9,000,000       ----

  FG&E Long-term Notes:                                   
    Twelve year Notes, 8.55%, due March 31,   15,000,000   15,000,000
      2004                                                                  
    Thirty year Notes, 6.75%, due November    19,000,000   19,000,000
      30, 2023                                                              
  UNITIL Realty Promissory Note:                          
    10.59%, due October 25, 1998               1,963,321    2,096,594
        Total                                 65,580,321   57,378,094
  Less: Installments due within one year         292,090    1,767,772
          Total Long-term Debt                65,288,231   55,610,322
Total Capitalization                        $129,379,029 $116,041,799

      (The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these statements.)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
    
                                        Year Ended December 31,        
                                     1994         1993         1992
<S>                               <C>         <C>          <C>
Net Cash Flow from Operating                               
Activities:                                                            
  Net Income                      $8,038,199   $7,600,067   $6,570,262
  Adjustments to Reconcile Net                             
   Income to Net Cash provided by                                    
   Operating Activities:                                                  
     Depreciation and              7,735,257    7,477,945    6,956,097
       Amortization                                                           
     Deferred Taxes                  257,630    (333,569)      638,889
     Amortization of Investment    (210,676)    (216,698)    (209,884)
       Tax Credit                                                             
     Amortization of Deferred         63,882      118,602      142,619
       Debits                                                                 
     Provision for Doubtful          717,735      837,589      804,427
       Accounts                                                               
  Change in Assets and                                     
Liabilities:                                                           
   (Increase) Decrease in:                                 
     Accounts Receivable           (281,549)    (301,328)  (1,731,011)
     Materials and Supplies          437,485       96,069    (743,107)
     Prepayments                      79,803     (84,577)      405,248
     Prepaid Pension               (784,593)    (482,804)    (549,915)
     Accrued Revenue               1,354,192    (174,327)    2,278,546
   Increase (Decrease) in:                                 
     Accounts Payable              (949,245)    1,501,166    (792,853)
     Customers' Deposits and         744,325    (160,621)      140,649
       Refunds                                                                
     Taxes Accrued                 (612,424)    (563,869)      831,050
     Interest Accrued                215,724    (228,117)    (442,740)
     Other                         (456,528)  (2,096,725)    1,396,455
Net Cash Provided by Operating    16,349,217   12,988,803   15,694,732
   Activities                                                             

Cash Flows From Investing                                  
Activities:                                                            
     Acqusition of Property,     (9,180,734)  (7,920,044)  (7,932,513)
      Plant & Equipment                                                      

Cash Flows from Financing                                  
Activities:                                                            
     Proceeds from (Repayment    (8,400,000)    3,620,000  (4,770,000)
      of) Short-term Debt                                                    
     Proceeds From Issuance of    15,000,000   19,000,000   15,000,000
      Long-term Debt                                                         
     Repayment of Long-term Debt (6,797,773)  (23,662,436) (13,401,684)
     Payments of Dividends       (5,514,283)   (5,076,146)  (4,800,240)
     Issuance of Common Stock     1,108,976     1,016,590    1,044,120
     Retirement of Preferred       (104,100)      (78,800)    (135,700)
      Stock                                                                  
     Capitalized Lease             (356,966)     (402,067)    (258,827)
       Obligations                                                            
Net Cash Used in Financing       (5,064,146)   (5,582,859)  (7,322,331)
  Activities                                                             
    Net Increase                  2,104,337      (514,100)     439,888
    (Decrease) in Cash                                                     

     Cash at Beginning of Year    1,705,786     2,219,886    1,779,998
     Cash at End of Year         $3,810,123    $1,705,786   $2,219,886

Supplemental Disclosure of
Cash Flow Information:                         

  Cash Paid During the Year for:                           
    Interest                      $5,518,586   $6,633,002   $7,248,940
    Federal Income Taxes          $4,141,527   $3,930,700   $1,620,000
                                                           
Significant Non-Cash                                       
Transactions:                                                          
    11% Stock Dividend                ----       ----       $3,235,346


   (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK EQUITY

                                       Deferred              
                                        Stock              
                              Common    Option     Retained  
                              Shares     Plan      Earnings       Total
<S>                         <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>         
Balance at January 1, 1992  $25,568,552  $596,082  $23,722,850  $49,887,484

Net income for 1992                                 6,570,262    6,570,262
Dividends on preferred                               (351,622)    (351,622)
 shares 
Dividends on common shares-
 at an annual rate of $1.10                        (4,525,663)  (4,525,663)
 per share                                      
Stock Option Plan                        159,309                   159,309 
Exercised stock options -       372,825  (122,774)                  250,051 
 12,000 shares   
Issuance of 79,091 common                                
 shares - 11% stock dividend
 and cash in lieu of          3,054,831   168,057   (3,235,346)     (12,458)
Issuance of 21,177 common       630,211                             630,211 
 shares (a)                                                        
                                                         
Balance at December 31, 1992 29,626,419   800,674   22,180,481   52,607,574

Net income for 1993                                  7,600,067    7,600,067
Dividends on preferred                                (297,577)    (297,577)
 shares                                    
Dividends on common shares                               
 -at an annual rate of $1.15                        (4,803,095)  (4,803,095)
 per share                                   
Stock Option Plan                         177,425                   177,425 
Exercised stock options -      136,436    (67,207)                   69,229 
 6,966 shares                                                      
Issuance of 46,291 common      880,154                              880,154 
 shares (a)                                                        
                                                         
Balance at December 31, 1993 30,643,009   910,892   24,679,876   56,233,777
Net income for 1994                                  8,038,199    8,038,199
Dividends on preferred                                (291,543)    (291,543)
 shares                                
Dividends on common shares                               
 -at an annual rate of $1.24                        (5,243,516)  (5,243,516)
 per share                                    
Stock Option Plan                         180,475                   180,475 
Exercised stock options -       71,166    (29,169)                   41,997 
 4,110 shares                                                      
Issuance of 58,229 common    1,037,809                            1,037,809
 shares (a)                         
                                                         
Balance at December 31,1994 $31,751,984  $1,062,198  $27,183,016  $59,997,198
                                                         

(a)  Shares sold and issued in connection with the Company's Dividend
Reinvestment and Stock Purchase 
       Plan and Tax Deferred Savings and Investment Plans.

   (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.)

</TABLE>

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation _ UNITIL Corporation (the Company) is the
parent company of the UNITIL System (the System).  The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its
wholly-owned subsidiaries.  All material inter-company balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.   

General _ The Company is registered with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) as a holding company under the Public Utility Holding
Company Act of 1935 (1935 Act), and it and its subsidiaries are subject
to the provisions of the 1935 Act.  In addition, the Company and several
of its wholly-owned subsidiaries _ Concord Electric Company (CECo),
Exeter & Hampton Electric Company (E&H), FG&E and UNITIL Power Corp. 
(UNITIL Power) _ are subject to regulation by various other agencies. 
With respect to their rates and accounting, two of the retail
subsidiaries _ namely, CECo and E&H _ are subject to regulation by the
New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission (NHPUC), FG&E is subject to
regulation by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities (MDPU) and
UNITIL Power is regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC).  CECo, E&H, FG&E and UNITIL Power conform with generally accepted
accounting principles, as applied in the case of regulated public
utilities, and conform with the accounting requirements and ratemaking
practices of the regulatory authority having jurisdiction.

Stock Split _ On December 11, 1992, the Company effected a two-for-one
common stock split.  Accordingly, per-share amounts have been restated
where applicable.

Federal Income Taxes _ The general policy of the Company and its
subsidiaries with respect to accounting for federal income taxes is to
reflect in income the estimated amount of taxes currently payable and to
provide for deferred taxes on certain items subject to timing differences
to the extent permitted by the regulatory authorities.  (See Note 7 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details of major deferred
tax items.)
    The Tax Reduction Act of 1986 (TRA) eliminated investment tax credits
(ITC).  ITC generated prior to 1986 is being amortized over the
productive lives of the related assets.
    In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." This statement requires
the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for deferred income
taxes and was implemented in 1993.  

Revenue Recognition _ The Company's operating subsidiaries record
electric and gas operating revenues based upon the amount of electricity
and gas delivered to customers through the end of the accounting period. 


Depreciation _ Annual provisions for the Company's utility operating
subsidiaries are determined on a group straight-line basis.  Provisions
for depreciation were equivalent to the following composite rates, based
on the average depreciable property balances at the beginning and end of
each year: 1994 - 3.49 percent; 1993 - 3.53 percent; and 1992 - 3.50
percent.


Note 2: Deferred Debits

Unamortized Cost of Abandoned Properties _ FG&E is recovering a portion
of its former investment in the Seabrook Nuclear Power Plant through a
Seabrook Amortization Surcharge, which is designed to increase FG&E's
base electric revenues over the amortization period of the abandoned
property, approximately 30 years from its commencement in 1987.  The
unamortized cost of abandoned properties is being amortized at varying
rates as ordered by the MDPU.  The amount to be amortized for each of the
next five years is approximately $1,500,000.

Note 3: Restrictions on Retained Earnings

    UNITIL Corporation has no restriction on the payment of Common
Dividends from Retained Earnings.  Its three retail distribution
subsidiaries do have restrictions as follows:
    Under the terms of the Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust and
the supplemental indentures thereto, relating to CECo's First Mortgage
Bonds, $4,862,316, $4,397,944, and $3,901,957 of retained earnings were
available for the payment of cash dividends on CECo's Common Stock at
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
    Under the terms of the Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust and
the supplemental indentures thereto, relating to E&H's First Mortgage
Bonds, $7,675,311, $7,203,736, and $6,763,341 of retained earnings were
available for the payment of cash dividends on E&H's Common Stock at
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
    Under the terms of the purchase agreements relating to FG&E's
Long-Term Notes, $10,130,515, $9,579,540, and $4,390,407 of retained
earnings were available for the payment of cash dividends on FG&E's
Common Stock at December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

Note 4: Preferred Stock

    Certain of the UNITIL subsidiaries have redeemable Cumulative
Preferred Stock outstanding and one subsidiary, CECo, has a
Non-Redeemable, Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock issue outstanding.  All
such subsidiaries are required to offer to redeem annually a given number
of shares of each series of Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock and to
purchase such shares that shall have been tendered by holders of the
respective stock.  All such subsidiaries may redeem, at their option, the
Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock at a given redemption price, plus
accrued dividends.
    The aggregate purchases of Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock
during 1994, 1993 and 1992 were: 1994 - $104,100; 1993 - $78,800; and
1992 - $135,700.  The aggregate amount of sinking fund requirements of
the redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock for each of the five years
following 1994 are $206,000 per year. 

Note 5: Long-Term Debt

    On October 14, 1994, CECo arranged for the private placement, at par,
of $6,000,000 of 30-year Series I First Mortgage Bonds, bearing a fixed
annual interest rate of 8.49% and maturing in 2024.  The proceeds of this
financing were utilized to repay short-term indebtedness and to redeem
two higher coupon long-term debt issues prior to their maturity.  The
redemptions included $930,000 of Series D First Mortgage Bonds, 8.70%,
due November 15, 2001, and $1,500,000 of Series G First Mortgage Bonds,
9.85%, due October 15, 1997. 
    On October 14, 1994, E&H arranged for the private placement, at par,
of $9,000,000 of 30-year Series K First Mortgage Bonds, bearing a fixed
annual interest rate of 8.49% and maturing in 2024.  The proceeds of this
financing were utilized to repay short-term indebtedness and to redeem
three higher coupon long-term debt issues prior to their maturity.  The
redemptions included $1,235,000 of Series F First Mortgage Bonds, 8.70%,
due November 15, 2001, $930,000 of Series G First Mortgage Bonds, 8.875%,
due April 1, 2004, and $1,400,000 of Series I First Mortgage Bonds,
9.85%, due October 15, 1997. 
    On December 3, 1993, FG&E's 10.51% Note aggregating $12,000,000
matured.  FG&E arranged for the private placement of a new 30-year $19
million note bearing a fixed annual interest rate of 6.75%, which 
refinanced the 10.51% note and provided for the early redemption on
December 1, 1993, of three other higher cost long-term debt  issues . 
The other issues were: $5,925,000 of twenty-five year notes, 9.375%, due
March 1, 1995; $600,000 of twenty-year notes, 10%, due September 1, 1996;
and $2,700,000 of twenty-five year notes, 10.25%, due May 1, 1999. 
    Under the terms of both CECo's and E&H's Indenture of Mortgage and
Deed of Trust and the supplemental indentures thereto relating to
long-term debt, the sinking fund requirements of certain series of Bonds
may be satisfied by certifying to the Mortgage Trustee "net additional
property" in lieu of making cash redemptions.  This provision applies to
CECo's Series C and D Bonds and to E&H's Series F and G Bonds.  In 1994
and 1993, CECo satisfied its requirements with respect to its Series C
Bonds by certifying to the Mortgage Trustee "net additional property." 
In 1994, sinking fund and redemption payments relating to long-term debt
amounted to $6,797,773. This amount includes early redemptions and
optional sinking fund payments associated with CECo's and E&H's October
1994 long-term refinancings.
    Certain of the loan agreements contain provisions which, among other
things, limit the incurrence of additional long-term debt.
    The aggregate amount of sinking fund requirements and normal
scheduled redemptions for each of the five years following 1994 are:
1995-$144,000; 1996-$1,294,000; 1997-$1,294,000; 1998-$4,371,000 and
1999-$2,290,000.
    The fair value of the Company's long-term debt is estimated based on
the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues, or on the
current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining
maturities. Management believes the carrying value of the debt
approximated the fair value at December 31, 1994 and 1993.

Note 6: Credit Arrangements

    At December 31, 1994, the Company had unsecured committed bank lines
for short-term debt aggregating $11,000,000 with three banks for which it
pays commitment fees.  Further, the Company has an unsecured guidance
line of credit for short-term debt, on a "when available" basis,
aggregating $3,000,000 with one bank, for which it pays no commitment
fees. At December 31, 1994, there were no borrowings outstanding under
these credit lines. The average interest rate on all short-term
borrowings outstanding during 1994 was 4.43%.


Note 7: Income Taxes

    On January 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes"
(SFAS 109).  Prior to 1993, the Company recorded deferred income taxes
under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 11.  SFAS 109 requires the
use of the asset/liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes
on all temporary differences.  At December 31, 1994, the Company has the
following balances recorded: a regulatory asset of approximately $23.1
million to Other Deferred Debits, a regulatory liability of approximately
$8.1 million to Other Deferred Credits, and an additional deferred tax
liability of approximately $15 million.  These amounts as recorded
reflect the tax effect of future revenue requirements in accordance with
SFAS 109.
    The components of Federal and State income taxes reflected in the
accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                1994       1993       1992
<S>                          <C>        <C>        <C>
Federal:                                           
    Current                  $3,497,311 $3,633,205 $2,483,185
    Deferred                    186,060   (179,080)   565,071
    Amortization of            (210,676)  (216,698)  (209,884)
     investment tax  credits                                       
       Total Federal          3,472,695  3,237,427  2,838,372
                                                   
State:                                             
    Current                     610,159    610,618    705,916
    Deferred                     71,570  (154,489)     73,818
        Total state             681,729    456,129    779,734
                                                   
Total Provision for Income   $4,154,424 $3,693,556 $3,618,106
 Taxes                                                         
</TABLE>


Federal income tax expense is comprised of the following components:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Year Ended December 31,    
                                      1994      1993      1992
<S>                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Current expense charged                                
(credited):                                          
   Operating expenses              $3,480,317 $3,627,187 $2,482,450
   Non-operating income                16,994      6,018      3,170
   Unsolicited tender offer              ---       ---       (2,435)
   Amortization of investment        (210,676)  (216,698)  (209,884)
    tax credit
          Total                     3,286,635  3,416,507  2,273,301
Deferred tax expense charged                           
(credited):                                                      
   Accelerated tax depreciation       590,655    528,500    495,915
   Abandoned properties              (611,620)  (582,378)  (334,350)
   Allowance for funds used                            
    during construction                                           
    and overheads                     (73,192)   (73,192)   (73,192)
   Deferred retirement benefits                        
   other than pensions                (27,162)   (25,238)      ----
   Deferred maintenance              (122,382)   (89,471)    28,574
    cost and miscellaneous                                           
   Percentage repair allowance        145,927    139,424     21,586
   Unbilled fuel                         ---    (172,226)  (412,828)
   Deferred advances                   26,967    (95,877)  (107,427)
   Deferred pensions                  256,867    191,378    169,186
   Investment tax credit                 ---       ---      388,358
   Alternative minimum tax credit        ---       ---      389,249
     Total deferred tax               186,060   (179,080)   565,071

             Total                 $3,472,695 $3,237,427 $2,838,372
</TABLE>

    The federal income tax amounts included in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings differ from the amounts which result from applying
the statutory federal income tax rate to Net Earnings before income tax. 
The reasons, with related percentage effects, are shown below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Year Ended December 31,     
                                       1994       1993       1992
<S>                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Statutory Federal income tax            34%        34%        34%
rate                                                              
Income tax effects of:                                 
   Merger                               ---        ---        (1)
   Federal income taxes - prior         ---        (1)        ---
   Investment tax credit                (2)        (2)        (2)
   Other items, net                     (2)        (1)        (1)
Effective Federal income tax            30%        30%        30%
  rate                                                              
</TABLE>

    Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes due to temporary differences which
give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 1994 and
1993 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes for the Year    
                                          Ended December 31,
<S>                                   <C>            <C>
                                      $23,526,226    $23,097,782
Abandoned Property                     10,960,148     11,571,768
Contributions in Aid to                (2,626,042)    (2,630,894)
Construction                                         
Percentage Repair Allowance             1,517,573      1,376,030
Cathodic Protection                       253,863        231,943
Retirement Loss                         1,121,792        892,814
Deferred Pensions                       2,091,056      1,737,118
AFUDC                                      96,211        113,545
Overheads                                 420,896        481,323
KESOP                                    (361,080)      (303,043)
Bad Debts                                (217,220)      (219,578)
Accumulated Deferred (SFAS              4,475,182      4,958,804
 109) Gross-up                                        
Other                                    (168,986)       (27,816)
Total Accumulated Deferred            $41,089,619    $41,279,796
 Income Taxes                                         
</TABLE>

Note 8: Joint Ownership Units

    FG&E is participating, on a tenancy-in-common basis with other New
England utilities, in the ownership of three generating units. New Haven
Harbor is a dual-fired oil-and-gas station, and Wyman Unit No. 4 is an
oil-fired station. They have been in commercial operation since August
1975 and December 1978, respectively. Millstone Unit No. 3, a nuclear
generating unit, has been in commercial operation since April 1986. 
Information with respect to these units is set forth in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Company's Share    
                                          (In thousands of dollars)
                                             Amount of 
  Joint         Proportionate Share of       Utility       Accumulated     
Ownership  State Total Ownership %   MW  Plant in Service  Depreciation
<S>         <C>     <C>            <C>        <C>            <C>
Millstone   Conn.   0.2170         2.50       $11,530        $2,819
Unit No.3                                                   
Wyman Unit  Maine   0.1822         1.13           408           243
No.4                                                          
New Haven   Conn.   4.5000        20.12         7,065         4,548
Harbor                                                        
                                  23.75       $19,003        $7,610
</TABLE>

    Operating expenses of the joint ownership units included in the 1994
Consolidated Statements of Earnings and proportionate amounts charged to
specific operating expenses are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Percentage
                                                             of Total 
                        Millstone   Wyman Unit  New Haven Electric Expense
                       Unit No. 3      No. 4      Harbor     Category 
                               (In thousands of dollars)          
<S>                         <C>        <C>       <C>           <C>
Operating Expenses, Other   $206        $22       $598          11%
Fuel Used in Electric         88         18      1,387          93%
 Generation                                                        
Maintenance                   75          5        342          36%
Local Property Tax            60          7        181          23%
Other Taxes                   14        ---         21           4%
Total Operating             $443        $52     $2,529 
 Expenses                                                          

</TABLE>

Note 9: 
Commitments and Contingencies

Lease Obligations _ The Company's subsidiaries conduct a portion of their
operations in leased facilities and also lease some of their operations
and office equipment.  FG&E has a facility lease for twenty-two years
which began in February 1981.  The lease is subject to five, five-year
renewal periods at the option of FG&E.  The equipment leases include a
twenty-five-year lease, which began on April 1, 1973, for a combustion
turbine and a liquefied natural gas storage and vaporization facility. 
This lease is subject to a ten-year renewal period at the option of FG&E.
In addition, FG&E leases some equipment under operating leases.
    The UNITIL System of Companies follows the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 13 (SFAS 13), "Accounting for Leases."
    The following is an analysis of the leased property under capital
leases by major classes:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Asset Balances at   
                                          December 31,     
<S>                              <C>              <C>
Classes of Utility Plant             1994              1993
Electric                         $2,054,025        $2,054,025
Gas                                 726,329           726,329
Common                            3,816,643         3,598,834
Gross Plant                       6,596,997         6,379,188
Less: Accumulated Depreciation    2,579,456         2,184,681
Net Plant                         $3,837,541       $4,194,507

</TABLE>

The following is a schedule by years of future minimum lease payments and
present value of net minimum lease payments under capital and operating
leases as of December 31, 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year Ending December 31,           Capital          Operating
 <S>                             <C>                <C>
 1995                              $853,952          $187,613
 1996                               790,173           179,909
 1997                               773,227           100,513
 1998                               765,703            27,142
 1999                               539,549             6,628
 2000 - 2004                      1,904,041 
                                            
Total minimum lease payments     $5,626,645          $501,805
Less: Amount representing         1,789,104 
  interest                                               
Present value of net minimum     $3,837,541 
  lease payments                                         

</TABLE>

    Total rental expense charged to operations for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 amounted to $320,000; $601,000; and
$620,000, respectively.

Purchased Power and Gas Supply Contracts _ FG&E and UNITIL Power have
commitments under long-term contracts for the purchase of electricity and
gas from various suppliers.  Generally, these contracts are for fixed
periods and require payment of demand and energy charges.  Total costs
under these contracts are included in Electricity and Gas Purchased for
Resale in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.  These costs are
normally recoverable in revenues under various cost recovery mechanisms.

The status of the electric purchased power contracts at December 31,
1994, was as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Est. Annual Min.
                1994 Energy                            Payments Which
Unit Fuel           MW       Purchased     Contract   Cover Future Debt
 Type           Entitlement   (MWH's)      End-Date   Service Reqs.($000)

<S>            <C>            <C>             <C>         <C>
                              Non-Utility Purchases                 
UNITIL                                                
Power                                                    
 Refuse           6.0[2]       45,505          2003         None   
  Wood            9.5[2]        2,092          2002         None   
  Wood            9.5[2]        1,884          2002         None   
  Gas             1.5           8,210          2012         None   
  Coal           20.0          58,892          2009         None   
                                                      
FG&E                                                  
  Wood           14.0          89,089          2012         None   
 Hydro            3.0          20,411          2012         None   

                                 Utility Purchases                   
UNITIL                                                
Power                                                    
Nuclear         25.0          207,478          1998         None   
Oil/Gas         23.0           21,646          1998         None   
Hydro            8.9                           2001       $1,181  [4]
Various         40.0[2]        98,593          1999         None   
Coal/Oil        15.0[2]        42,513          2005         None   
Oil/Gas         25.0           69,203          1996         None   
Oil/Gas         15.0              [3]          2006         None   
Gas             22.0[2]        46,476          2010       $1,703  [5]
Nuclear          3.0[2]         5,814          2005         None    
Nuclear          2.0[2]         3,527          2005         None   
Coal/Oil         9.3[2]        19,126          2005         None   
Nuclear          1.9[2]        10,250          2013         None   
Nuclear         10.0           53,949          2010         None   
Oil/Gas          2.0            1,726          2003         None   
  Oil            5.0[2]         7,674          2005         None   
  Oil            5.0[2]         8,168          2005         None   
 System         30.0              [3]          2007         None   
 System          8.0           20,600          1996         None   
Oil/Gas         10.0[2]           [3]          2008         None   
Various                        40,134                       None   
                    [6]                                         
Various             [7]       215,319                       None   
                                                      
FG&E                                                  
Nuclear        10.0            84,109          1996         None   
 Hydro          2.1                            1996          $78   [4]
 Hydro          3.2                            2001         $449   [4]
Various        20.0            45,667          1994         None   
  Coal         15.0[2]          3,385          2001         None   
Various                        60,518                       None   
Various                        70,813                       None   
                                                      
Notes:                                                
[1] Total Annual Cost of Purchase Power Contracts are included on
    Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
[2] Capacity amounts vary over time. Represents maximum capacity purchased
    under the contract.           
[3] Purchase contracted to begin after 1994.                                 
[4] Total support charges including debt service requirements.               
[5] Total estimated 1995 annualized capacity payments, including debt service
    requirements.
[6] Short-term purchases of a month or less in duration.
[7] Net energy purchases from NEPOOL.

</TABLE>

Pension Plans _ Four of the Company's subsidiaries have Retirement and
Pension plans and related Trust Agreements to provide retirement
annuities for participating employees at age 65.  These subsidiaries
follow the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
87, "Employer's Accounting for Pensions" (SFAS 87).  The entire cost of
the plans is borne by the respective subsidiaries.  
    Net periodic pension (income) cost for 1994, 1993 and 1992 included
the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     1994        1993        1992
<S>                                <C>         <C>         <C>
Service cost -- benefits earned    $693,340    $645,226    $640,763
 during the period                                                 
Interest cost on projected        1,795,836   1,758,782   1,699,374
 benefit obligation                                                
Expected return on plan assets   (2,714,751) (2,437,232) (2,386,618)
Net amortization and deferral       (20,546)     (2,742)    (27,575)
Net periodic pension (income)     $(246,121)   $(35,966)   $(74,056)
 cost                                                              
</TABLE>

The following table sets forth the plans' funded status at December 31,
1994, 1993 and 1992:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Projected benefit obligation:                          
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>
                                     1994       1993         1992
Vested                          $19,970,389 $19,971,230  $18,151,863
Non-vested                          331,910     149,810      143,263
Accumulated                      20,302,299  20,121,040   18,295,126
Due to recognition of future      2,521,055   3,278,283    3,254,105
salary increases                                                  
     Total                       22,823,354  23,399,323   21,549,231
Plan assets at fair value        27,343,779  29,273,216   26,469,931
Funded status (gain)              4,520,425   5,873,893    4,920,700
Unrecognized net loss               935,653  (1,181,666)    (708,535)
Unrecognized prior service cost     138,204     151,690      165,176
Unrecognized transition             189,432     173,204      156,976
obligation                                                        
     Prepaid pension cost        $5,783,714  $5,017,121   $4,534,317

</TABLE>

    Plan assets are invested in common stock, short-term investments and
various other fixed income security funds.
    The weighted-average discount rates used in determining the projected
benefit obligation in 1994, 1993 and 1992 were 8.25%, 7.75% and 8.25%,
respectively, while the rate of increase in future compensation levels
was 4.50%, 4.50% and 5.00%, respectively.  The expected long-term rate of
return on assets was 9.5% in each of the years 1994, 1993 and 1992.
    Effective January 1, 1987, UNITIL Service Corp. adopted a
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP).  The SERP is an unfunded
retirement plan with participation limited to executives selected by the
Board of Directors. The cost associated with the SERP amounted to
$53,000; $53,000; and $48,000 for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993
and 1992, respectively.  
    
Post-Retirement Benefits _ Effective as of January 1, 1993, the Company's
subsidiaries significantly modified the duration of post-retirement
health care benefits. From that date forward, all current retirees were
offered such benefits only for an additional twelve-month period and all
future retirees will be entitled to such benefits for a twelve-month
period following their retirement. The Company's subsidiaries continue to
provide life insurance coverage to retirees by making monthly premium
payments to a life insurer. Life insurance and limited health care
post-retirement benefits required the Company to adopt the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 106,"Employers' Accounting
for Post-retirement Benefits Other than Pensions" (SFAS 106). For 1994
and 1993, the costs associated with providing health care and life
insurance benefits under this arrangement were $82,625 and $585,000. This
statement requires accrual accounting for postretirement benefits during
the employee's years of service with the Company and the recognition of
the actuarially determined total postretirement benefit obligation earned
by existing retirees.  At December 31, 1994 and 1993, the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation (transition obligation) was
approximately $385,000 and $406,000, respectively, under SFAS 106. This
obligation is being recognized on a delayed basis over the average
remaining service period of active participants and such period will not
exceed 20 years. The Company has omitted certain disclosures relating to
SFAS 106, as the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation
(transition obligation) is not material. Prior to 1993, expense was
recognized when benefits were paid. In 1992, this expense was $424,000.

Stock Option Plan _ The Company maintains a Key Employee Stock Option
Plan ("KESOP" ), which provides for the granting of options to key
employees.  The number of shares granted under this plan, as well as the
terms and conditions of each grant , are determined by the Board of
Directors, subject to plan limitations.  All options granted under the
KESOP expire within ten years of the grant date, and no option can be
issued under the current plan after 1999.  The KESOP also includes shares
related to the Fitchburg Gas & Electric Company option plan, which was
merged into the KESOP upon the merger of Fitchburg Gas & Electric into
the Company. The plan provides for dividend equivalents on options
granted, which are recorded as compensation expense.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Details of the stock options are as follows:

                                    1994         1993        1992*
<S>                            <C>           <C>          <C>
Beginning Options                 142,354      133,216      139,480
 Outstanding & Exercisable                                           
Options Granted                      ----        9,000         ----
Dividend Equivalents Earned         9,737        8,404        8,702
11 % Stock Dividend Earned           ----         ----        9,034
Options Exercised                   4,110        6,966       24,000
Options Canceled                     ----        1,300         ----
Ending Options Outstanding &      147,981      142,354      133,216
 Exercisable                                                         
                                                       
Range of Option Grant Price    $12.63-$17.74 $12.63-$17.74 $12.63-$13.45
  per Share                

</TABLE>

*Figures reflect merger of FG&E into the UNITIL System and          
2-for-1 stock split in 1992                                         


Environmental Matters _ For many years, the Company's combination gas and
electric operating subsidiary, FG&E, and a former subsidiary of FG&E,
operated coal gasification plants in Fitchburg (the Sawyer Passway Site)
and Gardner (the Logan Street Site), Massachusetts.  During the last
several years, FG&E has been working with the Massachusetts Department of
Environmental Protection (DEP) and other responsible parties to assess
the environmental contamination in the vicinity of these sites as a
result of historical gas manufacturing operations.  Based on information
developed over the last several years, it had been discovered that there
was environmental contamination at the Sawyer Passway Site which will
require continuing assessment, as well as remedial action in the future. 
The DEP has classified the Sawyer Passway Site as a confirmed hazardous
waste site, which will require compliance under the DEP Massachusetts
Contingency Plan (MCP) regulations.
    The new MCP regulations were issued by the DEP in June, 1993, and
took effect October 1, 1993.  Under the regulations, FG&E has five years
from the date of a hazardous waste TIER classification permit  to
complete the remediation effort at the Sawyer Passway Site.  The new
procedures include site ranking; the use of a State Licensed Site
Professional; and compliance with various other new applications,
reporting and enforcement procedures.  Based on work done with the DEP
during 1994 in compliance with the MCP regulations, FG&E received
notification of the Sawyer Passway Site TIER classification permit in
December, 1994.  The five year remediation clock will commence in 1995.
Also in coordination with the DEP requirements, FG&E will conduct a
preliminary site assessment of the Logan Street Site in 1995.  This
assessment will determine if the site needs to be TIER classified. 
Because site assessment is at an early stage at both locations,
management cannot at this time predict the costs of future analysis and
remediation.
    The costs of environmental assessment and any remedial action taken
in connection with testing, analysis and remediation work at these sites
are initially funded internally and then recovered under a rate recovery
mechanism approved by the MDPU.  This rate recovery mechanism provides
for the deferral of environmental costs and subsequent recovery through
future rates over succeeding seven-year periods.  FG&E has a number of
liability insurance policies that may provide coverage for remediation of
former coal gasification sites.  Any recovery that FG&E receives from
insurance or third parties will be split equally between FG&E and its
ratepayers through an appropriate adjustment to the rate recovery
mechanism.

Note 10: Regulatory Matters

    In conjunction with FG&E's $19 million long term note financing in
1993, FG&E also made a proposal before the MDPU to share a portion of the
resulting interest savings with ratepayers by cutting base rates to all
gas and electric customers.  The MDPU approved the proposal and a rate
reduction of $327,000 on an annual basis became effective on December 1,
1993. The last formal regulatory hearings to increase base rates for
UNITIL's retail operating subsidiaries occurred in 1985 for CECo, 1984
for FG&E and 1981 for E&H.   A majority of the UNITIL System's operating
revenue in each year are collected under various rate adjustment
mechanisms including: fuel, purchased power, cost of gas and conservation
program cost recovery mechanisms.
    Under Order 636, issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC) in April 1992, a comprehensive set of regulations was established
to encourage competition by requiring gas pipeline suppliers to convert
existing "bundled" sales services to "unbundled" transportation services.
One aspect of the order allows pipeline suppliers to recover prudently
incurred costs resulting from the transition to the new rules.  FG&E ,
the Company's combination gas & electric utility operating subsidiary,
has been incurring FERC-approved transition charges from its natural gas
pipeline supplier since 1992.  Through the end of 1994, the amount of
transition costs incurred by FG&E totaled approximately $1.7 million. 
These costs have been recovered directly from FG&E's gas customers
through the cost of gas adjustment mechanism. Based on estimates included
in rate filings before the FERC and other publicly available information,
FG&E currently estimates that it may incur up to an additional $1.7
million of transition costs in future years. FG&E expects full recovery
of these costs from billings to customers. 

Note 11: Segment Information

    In accordance with FASB Statement No. 14, the following information
is presented relative to the electric and gas operations of the  Company:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       
                                     1994        1993           1992
Electric Operations
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>
Operating revenues               $134,096,627  $132,754,707   $127,672,435
Operating income before income    $15,884,879   $15,248,660    $14,349,213
 taxes                                
Identifiable assets as of        $171,757,678  $169,360,726   $143,758,957
 December 31 
Depreciation                       $5,359,212    $5,215,489     $5,045,113
Construction expenditures          $7,364,344    $6,849,060     $6,654,084
                                                       
                                                       
                                     1994          1993          1992
Gas Operations

Operating revenues                $18,694,703   $18,486,105   $19,261,089 
Operating income before income     $2,026,055    $2,512,287    $2,609,961
 taxes                                                             
Identifiable assets as of         $28,181,365   $27,168,106   $20,737,834
 December 31         
Depreciation                         $770,405      $733,583      $657,266
Construction expenditures          $1,816,390    $1,070,984    $1,224,103
                                                       
                                                       
                                     1994         1993          1992
Total Company

Electric and Gas Operating       $152,791,330  $151,240,812  $146,933,524
Revenues 
Other Revenue                         624,560       368,010       ----  
Total Operating Revenues         $153,415,890  $151,608,822  $146,933,524
Operating income before income    $17,910,934   $17,760,947   $16,959,174
 taxes                   
Income tax expense                 (4,137,430)  (3,687,538)    (3,617,371)
Non-operating income                   62,887       50,145         22,162
Net interest and other expenses    (5,798,192)  (6,523,487)    (6,793,703)
Net income                          8,038,199    7,600,067     $6,570,262
Dividend Requirements on              291,543      297,577        351,623
 Preferred Stock                                                   
Net Income Applicable to Common    $7,746,656   $7,302,490     $6,218,639
 Stock                                                             
Identifiable assets as of        $199,939,043 $196,528,832   $164,496,791
 December 31   
Unallocated assets, primarily       4,582,418    4,979,923      7,851,704
 working capital                                                   
Total assets as of December 31   $204,521,461 $201,508,755   $172,348,495
Depreciation                       $6,129,617   $5,949,072     $5,702,379
Construction expenditures          $9,180,734   $7,920,044     $7,878,187
</TABLE>

    Expenses used to determine operating income before taxes are charged
directly to either segment or are allocated in accordance with factors
contained in cost of service studies which were included in rate
applications approved by the NHPUC and MDPU.  Assets allocated to each
segment are based upon specific identification of such assets provided by
Company records.  Assets not so identified represent primarily working
capital items.





Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants
To the Shareholders of UNITIL Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
consolidated statements of capitalization of UNITIL Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, cash flows and changes in common
stock equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
UNITIL Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994,
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993
the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes.

Boston, Massachusetts
February 10, 1995

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>1995 PROXY STATEMENT
<TEXT>



                                                   Telephone . 603/772-0775
                                          Investor Relations . 800/999-6501


                                   March 17, 1995

Dear Fellow Shareholder,

The Annual Meeting of Common Shareholders is scheduled to be held on
Thursday, April 20, 1995, at 10:30 a.m., at The Sheraton Portsmouth Hotel,
250 Market Street, Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

Enclosed you will find a 1994 annual report, a notice of meeting, a proxy 
statement and a proxy card to be used in connection with the meeting.  This
year, shareholders are being asked to vote on the election of four Directors.

We hope that you are able to attend the Annual Meeting.  Your vote is 
important whether you own one share or many.  Whether or not you plan to
be present, we urge you to sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy
card in the envelope provided.

Thank you for your continued interest in the Company.

                                   Sincerely,

                                   /s/ Peter J. Stulgis

                                   Peter J. Stulgis
                                   Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                   and Chief Executive Officer          
        


UNITIL Corporation
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

        NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF COMMON SHAREHOLDERS   




                                            Exeter, New Hampshire
                                            March 17, 1995


To the Common Shareholders:

      You are hereby notified that the annual meeting of common
shareholders of UNITIL Corporation will be held at The Sheraton
Portsmouth Hotel, 250 Market Street, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on
April 20, 1995, at 10:30 A.M., for the following purposes:

      1.   To elect four Directors.

      2.   To act on such other matters as may properly come
before the meeting and any                                   
adjournments thereof.

      The enclosed form of proxy has been prepared at the
direction of the Board of Directors of UNITIL and is sent to you
at its request.  The persons named in said proxy have been
designated by the Board of Directors.

      IF YOU DO NOT EXPECT TO BE PRESENT PERSONALLY AND YOU WISH
YOUR STOCK VOTED AT THE MEETING, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN  THE
PROXY CARD ENCLOSED HEREWITH BY MAIL IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE,
ALSO ENCLOSED.  IF YOU LATER FIND THAT YOU CAN BE PRESENT, OR  FOR
ANY OTHER REASON DESIRE TO REVOKE OR CHANGE YOUR PROXY, YOU MAY DO
SO AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT IS VOTED.

      The Board of Directors fixed March 6, 1995 as the record
date for the determination of those shareholders entitled to
notice of and to vote at this meeting and all persons who were
holders of record of Common Stock on such date and no others are
entitled to notice of and to vote at this meeting and any
adjournments thereof.

                                        By Order of the Board of
Directors,

                                        
                                        Gail A. Siart
                                        Secretary



                                                                  
                
                                                   March 17, 1995


                         proxy statement


       ANNUAL MEETING OF COMMON SHAREHOLDERS, APRIL 20, 1995

   This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the
solicitation by the Board of Directors of proxies in the
accompanying form for use at the 1995 annual meeting of common
shareholders of UNITIL Corporation ("UNITIL" or "the Company"). 
Each proxy can be revoked at any time before it is voted by
written notification to the Secretary of UNITIL at the above
address prior to the meeting, or in person at the meeting. Every
properly signed proxy will be voted unless previously revoked.

   UNITIL presently has seven subsidiaries, Concord Electric
Company ("CECo"), Exeter & Hampton Electric Company ("E&H"),
Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company ("FG&E"), UNITIL Power
Corp. ("UNITIL Power"), UNITIL Realty Corp. ("UNITIL Realty"),
UNITIL  Resources, Inc. ("UNITIL Resources") and UNITIL Service
Corp. ("UNITIL Service").

   The annual report of UNITIL for the year 1994 is enclosed
herewith and includes financial statements which are not part of
this proxy statement.

   The voting securities of UNITIL issued and outstanding on March
6, 1995 consisted of 4,281,140 shares of Common Stock, no par
value, entitling the holders thereof to one vote per share.
Holders of Common Stock of record on such date are entitled to
notice of and to vote at the annual meeting and any adjournments
thereof.  A majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
constitutes a quorum.

   Except as set forth below, no person owns of record and, to the
knowledge of UNITIL, no person owns beneficially more than five
percent of the Common Stock of UNITIL which may be voted at the
meeting and any adjournments thereof.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Name and Address       Shares of Common Stock    Percent of Shares     
of Beneficial Owner       Beneficially Owned         Outstanding
<S>                        <C>                      <C>
Charle H. Tenney II        267,808 (1)              6.20%
300 Friberg Parkway                                               
Westborough, MA                                                   
01581                                                             
</TABLE>

NOTES:

   (1)  Based on information provided by Mr. Tenney. See notes 2,
     3 and 8 to the table below under the heading "As to the
     Election of Directors."

     The twelve Directors and the officers of UNITIL as a group
have beneficial ownership as of March 1, 1995 of 312,001 shares
(7.29%) of Common Stock, of which they have direct beneficial
ownership of 156,832 shares (3.66%), which excludes options to
purchase 119,266 shares (2.79%) pursuant to the exercise of those
options, and indirect beneficial ownership of 155,169 shares
(3.63%). To the knowledge of UNITIL, each of said Directors and
officers has voting and investment power with respect to the
shares directly owned. With regard to certain of the indirect
beneficial ownership by said group, see the footnotes to the table
contained in the section of this proxy statement entitled "AS TO
THE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS" setting forth certain information about
the Directors of UNITIL.

   Assuming a quorum is present, the favorable vote of a majority
of the shares of Common Stock represented and voting will be
required for approval of all matters, including the election of
Directors, which may come before the meeting.    
    
               -------------------------------
               AS TO THE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
               -------------------------------                                 
      
      The By-Laws of UNITIL provide for a Board of between nine
and fifteen Directors divided into three classes, each class being
as nearly equal in number as possible, and each with their
respective terms of office arranged so that the term of office of
one class expires in each year, at which time a corresponding
number of Directors is elected for a term of three years.  UNITIL
currently has twelve Directors.  Upon the retirement of Endicott
Smith, who will not stand for re-election this year as a Director,
the UNITIL Board will consist of eleven directors.

------------------------------------------------------------------
            Information About Nominees for Directors

      Each nominee has been a member of the Board of Directors
since the date indicated.  Proxies will be voted for the persons
whose names are set forth below unless instructed otherwise. If
any nominee shall be unable to serve, the proxies will be voted
for such person as may be designated by management to replace such
nominee. Each of the nominees has consented to being named in this
proxy statement and to serve if elected. Unless otherwise
indicated, all shares shown represent sole voting and investment
power.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Common Stock Owned
                                            Director  Beneficially on March 1, 1995 (1)
                                             Since                Shares
<S>                                         <C>       <C>
Michael J. Dalton, Age 54                     1984         52,383 (2)(3)(5)(6)
     President and Chief 
     Operating Officer of UNITIL
                          
G. Arnold Haynes, Age 66                      1992         2,444
     President and Principal of Haynes
     Mgmt, Inc., Wellesley Hills,
     MA (real estate development and
     management).

J. Parker Rice, Jr., Age 69                   1992         1,015
     Director, former President and
     Treasurer of Hyland/Rice Office
     Products, Inc., Fitchburg, MA
     (office products dealer).                                   
</TABLE>

----------------------------------------------------------------------

       Information about Nominees for Directors ... continued

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Common Stock Owned
                                             Director  Beneficially on March 1, 1995 (1)
                                              Since               Shares         
<S>                                          <C>       <C>
Joan D. Wheeler, Age 57                       1994          1,000
     Owner of the Russian Gallery,                              
     Marblehead, MA (art gallery                                
     specializing in works on paper and                              
     crafts from artists living and
     working in Russia).  Ms. Wheeler is
     a former Director of Shaw's                     
     Supermarkets, Inc. (1979-1987) and
     of Granite Bank (1984-1989),
     Keene, NH, and a former Trustee of                                         
     Franklin Pierce College.  She is                                
     also Moderator of the Hollis-
     Brookline (NH) School District.                   
</TABLE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Information About Directors Whose Terms of Office Continue

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Common Stock Owned
                                       Director  Term to   Beneficially on March 1, 1995 (1)      
                                        Since    Expire             Shares
<S>                                    <C>       <C>       <C>
Douglas K. Macdonald, Age 66            1984     1996         924
     Retired since 1988, Prior
     to his retirement, Mr.                                            
     Macdonald was Vice                                              
     President and Controller                                     
     of UNITIL and President of
     CECo.
                                              
Peter J. Stulgis, Age 44                1984     1997         43,866 (2)(3)(5)(7)
     Chairman of the Board and                                      
     Chief Executive Officer of                                            
     UNITIL.
                                                         
Charles H. Tenney II, Age 76            1984     1996         267,808 (2)(3)(4)(5)(8)
     Retired since 1992.  Prior                                        
     to his retirement, Mr.
     Tenney was Chairman of the                                        
     Board and Chief Executive                                       
     Officer of UNITIL and                                      
     FG&E.  Mr. Tenney is also                                       
     Chairman of the Board of                                     
     Directors of Bay State Gas
     Company, Westborough, MA                                           
     (natural gas distributor).
                                      
Charles H. Tenney III, Age 47 (4)       1992     1997          2,109
     Elected officer (Clerk) of                                              
     Bay State Gas Company,                                                   
     Westborough, MA (natural                                                  
     gas distributor).
</TABLE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Information About Directors Whose Terms of Office Continue ... continued      

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>        
                                                                Common Stock Owned
                                        Director  Term to  Beneficially on March 1, 1995 (1) 
                                         Since    Expire              Shares         
<S>                                     <C>       <C>      <C>
William W. Treat, Age 76                 1984     1996          20,276 (9)
     Lawyer, sole private                                                     
     practice, former Director                                                 
     and Chairman of the Board                                                 
     of Directors of Bank 
     Meridian, Hampton, NH, and
     a former Director of                                                      
     Amoskeag Bank Shares,                                                     
     Inc., Manchester, NH.  Mr.                                                
     Treat is also a Director                                                  
     of the Colonial Group,                                                    
     Inc., Boston, MA                                                          
     (investments).
                                                           
W. William VanderWolk, Jr. Age 71        1984     1997         14,208 (10)
     Owner of Horizon
     Management, Manchester, NH
     (property and restaurant
     management).
                                           
Franklin Wyman, Jr., Age 73              1992     1997          5,000
     Chairman of the Board and                                                 
     Treasurer of Wright Wyman,                                                
     Inc., Boston, MA                                                          
     (corporate financial                                               
     consultants).  Mr. Wyman is                                                
     a Trustee and Vice                                                         
     President of Brookline                                                    
     Savings Bank, Brookline,                                                  
     MA.                                                     
</TABLE>


NOTES:

   Except as otherwise noted, each of the persons named above has
held his present position (or another executive position with the
same employer) for more than the past five (5) years.

   (1)  Based on information furnished to UNITIL by the nominees
     and continuing Directors. 
   (2)  Included are 454, 225 and 251 shares which are held in
     trust for Messrs. Stulgis, Dalton and Tenney, respectively,
     under the terms of the UNITIL Tax Deferred Savings and
     Investment Plan ("401(k)"); they have voting power only with
     respect to the shares credited to their accounts. For further
     information regarding 401(k), see "Other Compensation
     Arrangements - Tax-Qualified Savings and Investment Plan"
     below.
   (3)  Included are 36,168, 37,824 and 36,168 shares which
     Messrs. Stulgis, Dalton and Tenney, respectively, have the
     right to purchase pursuant to the exercise of options under
     the Key Employee Stock Option Plan. (See "Other Compensation
     Arrangements - Key Employee Stock Option Plan"). 
   (4)  Charles H. Tenney II is the father of Charles H. Tenney
     III.
   (5)  With the exception of Messrs. Stulgis, Dalton and Tenney,
     who own shares totaling 1.02%, 1.21% and 6.20%, respectively,
     of the total outstanding shares, no Director or officer owns
     more than one percent of the total outstanding shares.
   (6)  Included are 11,249 shares held by Mr. Dalton jointly with
     his wife with whom he shares voting and investment power. 
     Included are 46 shares held by Mr. Dalton as custodian for
     one of his children; he has voting and investment power with
     respect to such shares. 
   (7)  Included are 4,648 shares held by Mr. Stulgis jointly with
     his wife with whom he shares voting and investment power.
   (8)  Included are 124,552 shares (2.91%) owned by two trusts of
     which Mr. Tenney is Co-Trustee with shared voting and
     investment power; he has a 1/6 beneficial interest in both
     trusts and disclaims any beneficial ownership of such shares
     other than such 1/6 beneficial interest.
   (9)  Included are 5,386 shares owned by three trusts of which
     Mr. Treat is Trustee with voting and investment power; he has
     no beneficial interest in such shares.  Also included are
     10,500 shares owned by one organization in which Mr. Treat
     has shared voting and investment power and a 1/3 beneficial
     interest.
   (10) Included are 3,063 shares owned by a member of Mr.
     VanderWolk's family; he has no voting or investment power
     with respect to, and no beneficial interest in, such shares.
   

   The Board of Directors met five times in 1994.  During 1994,
Directors attended an average of 95% of all meetings of the Board
of Directors held and of all meetings held by all Committees of
the Board on which they served, if any.  

   Section 17(a) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935
and Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 require
the Company's officers and directors, and persons who own more
than ten percent of a registered class of the Company's equity
securities, to file certain reports of ownership and changes in
share ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the American Stock Exchange and to furnish the Company with copies
of all Section 17(a) and Section 16(a) forms they file.  Based
solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it,
or written representations from certain reporting persons that
such forms were not required for those persons, the Company
believes that all filing requirements applicable to its officers
and directors during 1994 and through March 1, 1995 were met,
without exception.

----------------------------------------------------------------
                Compensation of Directors

   Members of the Board of Directors who are not officers of
UNITIL or any of its subsidiaries receive an annual retainer fee
of $7,000 and $500 for each Board meeting attended. Members of the
Executive Committee, who are not officers of UNITIL or any of its
subsidiaries, receive an annual retainer fee of $2,000 and $400
for each meeting attended.  Members of the Audit Committee and
Compensation Committee receive an annual retainer fee of $1,000
and $400 for each meeting attended. Those Directors of UNITIL who
also serve as Directors of CECo, E&H or FG&E and who are not
officers of UNITIL or any of its subsidiaries receive a meeting
fee of $100 per subsidiary meeting attended and no annual retainer
fee from CECo, E&H or FG&E.  All Directors are entitled to
reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with attendance
at meetings of the Board of Directors and any Committee on which
they serve.

   In 1992, the Company entered into a Senior Advisory Agreement
with Charles H. Tenney II.  Mr. Tenney was Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the Board of the Company until his retirement in
1992. The agreement, which is reviewed on an annual basis,
provides that Mr. Tenney will be compensated $105,000 per annum
for his role as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board
of the Company, as well as for other advisory services which he
will provide.  In consideration of this Agreement, Mr. Tenney is
waiving all Board-related fees and retainers that he is otherwise
entitled to receive as a Director of the Company.

------------------------------------------------------------------
          Committees of the Board of Directors
                                    
Executive Committee
-------------------

   The Executive Committee of the Board of Directors held four
meetings in 1994.  Its members are Charles H. Tenney II
(Chairman), Peter J. Stulgis,  William W. Treat, W. William
VanderWolk, Jr. and Franklin Wyman, Jr. This Committee's
responsibility is to review and oversee corporate policies related
to the Company's long-range strategic business, financial and
operating plans.  In addition, the Executive Committee also acts
as a nominating committee.  In its function as a nominating
committee, the committee coordinates suggestions or searches for potential
nominees for Board members; reviews and evaluates qualifications
of potential Board members; and recommends to the Board of
Directors nominees for vacancies occurring from time to time on
the Board of Directors.  The Committee will consider nominees
recommended by shareholders upon timely submission of the names of
such nominees with qualifications and biographical information
forwarded to the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.

Audit Committee
---------------
   
   The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which held two
meetings in 1994, consists of William W. Treat (Chairman), J.
Parker Rice, Jr. and W. William VanderWolk, Jr. The duties of this
Committee encompass making recommendations on the selection of
UNITIL's independent auditors; conferring with such auditors
regarding, among other things, the scope of their examination,
with particular emphasis on areas where special attention should
be directed; reviewing the accounting principles and practices
being followed by UNITIL; assessing the adequacy of UNITIL's
interim and annual financial statements; reviewing the internal
audit controls of UNITIL and its subsidiaries; performing such
other duties as are appropriate to monitor the accounting and
auditing policies and procedures of UNITIL and its subsidiaries;
and reporting to the full UNITIL Board from time to time.

Compensation Committee
----------------------
   
   The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which
held three meetings in 1994, consists of  Charles H. Tenney II
(Chairman), J. Parker Rice, Jr. and Endicott Smith. The duties of
this Committee include studying and making recommendations to the
Board of Directors of UNITIL and the appropriate Board of each of
its subsidiaries with respect to salaries and other benefits to be
paid to the officers of UNITIL and such subsidiaries.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
    Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

   Charles H. Tenney II served as the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee during fiscal 1994.   Mr. Tenney is  the former Chairman
of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, serving as such until his retirement in April 1992.  He
currently has a Senior Advisory Agreement with the Company (see
"Compensation of Directors") and is also Chairman of the Executive
Committee of the Board of Directors.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
                        Director Emeritus

   The Company has a directors' advisory council composed of
retired members of the Company's Board of Directors.  Each member,
known as a Director Emeritus, is appointed yearly by the Board of
Directors to render advisory services to the Board.  Directors
Emeriti have no vote with respect to any matter acted upon by the
Board, nor is their presence counted for purposes of determining a
quorum.  In April, 1995, upon the expiration of his current term
as Director, Endicott Smith will be appointed Director Emeritus.  
Mr. Smith will join Directors Emeriti Richard L. Brickley, Philip
H. Bradley and Theodore C. Haffenreffer, Jr. who were appointed to
their positions in 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively.  Directors
Emeriti receive an annual retainer of $7,000 and $500 for each
Board meeting attended, as well as reimbursement for any expenses
incurred in connection with attendance at any meeting.

------------------------------------------------------------------
            Report of the Compensation Committee
             
   The overall objective of the Company's Board of Directors, and
specifically this Compensation Committee, in setting compensation
for UNITIL's executive officers is to foster excellence in the
management of the assets of the Company.  To help meet this
objective, the Committee believes it is important for the Company
to provide compensation to its executive officers which varies
directly with the performance of the Company and to make payment
of annual compensation with both cash and Company stock in place
of all-cash.

   Accordingly, the Company pays both "base" and "variable"
compensation to its officers.  The base component of compensation
is determined under the UNITIL System's salary matrix which is
reviewed from time to time by outside consultants as to its
competitiveness.  Variable compensation is based on factors that
measure the success of the Company for any given year and is
governed by the System's Management Performance Compensation Plan
("MPCP") and the profitability of the System's non-utility
subsidiary, UNITIL Resources.  The factors under the MPCP relate
to the earnings of the Company and the rate of return achieved on
shareholder-provided equity as well as cost control and the
competitiveness of the rates charged to the UNITIL System's
utility customers.  (See "Other Compensation Arrangements" for a
detailed discussion of these factors.)  In addition, to further
bolster ownership in the Company by the executive officers, the
Company, in 1989, instituted a "Key Employee Stock Option Plan"
with the approval of the Company's shareholders.  This plan was
tailored to emphasize dividend and stock value growth as a
prerequisite to the maximization of value to the participants. 
(See "Other Compensation Arrangements" for a more detailed
discussion of this plan.)

   The compensation of the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), Peter
J. Stulgis, is governed by these same plans and objectives.  The
base compensation for Mr. Stulgis was increased by approximately
3.1% in 1994 which reflected the percentage increase in the UNITIL
System's salary matrix which covers all non-bargaining unit
employees.  The variable compensation paid to Mr. Stulgis in 1994
was based upon the UNITIL System's operating results for 1993
under the MPCP discussed above and a distribution from a
performance pool related to the 1994 results of the System's newly
formed non-utility subsidiary, UNITIL Resources.  Under the MPCP,
Mr. Stulgis received a payment in cash and Company stock which
represented 23% of his total compensation.  This MPCP payment is
formula-driven and reflected the achievement in 1993 of earnings
which were above target levels; a rate of return which was in the
72nd percentile of peer companies; cost control results which were
at the 100th percentile of peer companies; and residential utility
rates which were at the 93rd percentile of the peer group. The
distribution from the UNITIL Resources 1994 performance pool was
based upon its contribution to System earnings and was equal to
7.9% of his total compensation.  In setting the compensation of
Mr. Stulgis for 1994, the Committee independently reviewed the
current compensation data for over fifty companies which included
all of the companies used as the peer group in the Stock
Performance Graph shown on the following page.  Based upon this
review, the Committee found that the total compensation to be paid
to the CEO fell within the same range of compensation paid to the
CEO's of companies of like size, location and industry, and
believes it was appropriately linked to corporate performance.

   The Committee also approved the compensation of UNITIL's other
executive officers for 1994 following the principles and
procedures outlined in this report.
                                
                                       Compensation Committee Members
                                       ------------------------------
                                        Charles H. Tenney II, Chairman 
                                        J. Parker Rice, Jr. 
                                        Endicott Smith

---------------------------------------------------------------------
             Stock Performance Graph and Information

         ----------------------------------------------
         COMPARATIVE FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS
         ----------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Measurement Period           Total Peer                          UNITIL
(Fiscal Year Covered)          Group          S&P 500       Corporation
---------------------        ----------       -------       -----------
<S>                          <C>              <C>           <C>
1989                         $100.00          $100.00       $100.00
1990                         $ 94.51          $ 96.90       $ 96.21
1991                         $123.64          $126.36       $115.30
1992                         $149.03          $135.96       $136.64
1993                         $150.73          $149.69       $157.96 
1994                         $136.16          $150.59       $140.84
</TABLE>
                                                      -------------------    
                                                          The graph to
                                                          the left
                                                          assumes $100
                                                          invested on
                                                          Decemebr 31,
                                                          1989, in each
                                                          category and
                                                          the
                                                          reinvestment
                                                          of all
        [GRAPH APPEARS HERE]                              dividends
                                                          during the
                                                          period.  The
                                                          Peer Group is
                                                          comprised of 
                                                          the 11
                                                          investor-owned
                                                          New England
                                                          electric
                                                          utilities

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Compensation of Officers

     The tabulation below shows the compensation UNITIL, or any of
its subsidiaries, has paid to its Chief Executive Officer and its
most highly compensated officers whose total annual salary and
bonus were in excess of $100,000 during the year 1994.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE          
                                                         Long-Term Compensation     
                             Annual Compensation               Awards   Payouts
<S>                      <C>  <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>    <C>     <C>                     
Name and                                         Other   Restricted  Option           All Other
Principal                       Salary  Bonus   Annual    Stock       SARs    LTIP  Compensation
Position (1)             Year    ($)   ($) (2)  Comp.($)  Awards ($)  (#)   Payouts    ($)
    (a)                   (b)    (c)     (d)     (e)         (f)      (g)      (h)     (i)

Peter J. Stulgis (3)     1994 $208,300 $94,394    -           -        -        -     $16,760 (4)
Chairman of the Board &  1993  202,00   74,307    -           -        -        -   
Chief Executive Officer  1992  174,925  18,914    -           -        -        -   

Michael J. Dalton        1994 $159,600 $61,932    -           -        -        -     $16,575 (5)
President & Chief        1993  155,000  50,216    -           -        -        -   
Operating Officer        1992  150,200  25,023    -           -        -        -   

Gail A. Siart (6)        1994 $ 79,033 $24,928    -           -        -        -     $ 3,525 (7)
Chief Financial Officer, 1993   75,100  17,558    -           -        -        -   
Treasurer & Secretary    1992   68,80    8,099    -           -        -        -   

James G. Daly (6)        1994 $ 76,517 $29,128    -           -        -        -     $ 3,717 (8)
Senior Vice President,   1993   72,150  21,216    -           -        -        -   
UNITIL Service           1992   68,075   4,813    -           -        -        -   

George R. Gantz (6)      1994 $ 78,408 $27,228    -           -        -        -     $ 4,012 (9)
Senior Vice President,   1993   75,050  19,558    -           -        -        -   
UNITIL Service           1992   71,750   7,151    -           -        -        -   
</TABLE>

NOTES:
   (1)  Officers of the Company also hold various positions
        with subsidiary companies. Compensation for those positions
        is included in the above table.
   (2)  Bonus amounts for the years 1993 and 1994 are comprised
        of Management Performance Compensation Program (MPCP) cash
        and stock awards (see "Other Compensation Arrangements")  and
        distributions from the System's non-utility subsidiary,
        UNITIL Resources (see "Other Compensation Arrangements").
   (3)  Mr. Stulgis was elected Chairman of the Board and named
        Chief Executive Officer in April, 1992.
   (4)  All Other Compensation for Mr. Stulgis for the year
        1994 includes the company's contribution to the Tax Qualified
        Savings and Investment Plan ("401(K)"), company funding of
        Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"), Supplemental
        Life Insurance payment, and Group Term Life Insurance
        payment, valued at $4,500, $5,410, $6,136 and $714, 
        respectively.  
   (5)  All Other Compensation for Mr. Dalton for the year
       1994 includes, 401(K) company contribution, company funding
       of SERP, Supplemental Life Insurance payment and Group Term
       Life Insurance payment, valued at $4,500, $7,968, $2,558, and
       $1,549, respectively. 
   (6) Ms. Siart was named Chief Financial Officer of the
       Company and Senior Vice President of UNITIL Service in
       December 1994.   Mr. Daly  and Mr. Gantz were named Senior
       Vice Presidents of UNITIL Service in December, 1994.
   (7) All Other Compensation for Ms. Siart for the year 1994
       includes 401(K) company contribution,  Supplemental Life
       Insurance payment and Group Term Life Insurance payment,
       valued at $3,016, $369 and $140, respectively.         
   (8) All Other Compensation for Mr. Daly for the year 1994
       includes 401(K) company contribution,  Supplemental Life
       Insurance payment and Group Term Life Insurance payment,
       valued at $3,067, $517 and $134, respectively. 
   (9) All Other Compensation for Mr. Gantz for the year 1994
       includes 401(K) company contribution,  Supplemental Life
       Insurance payment and Group Term Life Insurance payment,
       valued at $3,067, $732 and $214, respectively. 

     In 1988, in order to enhance quality of service and
shareholder value, UNITIL adopted a management performance
compensation program ("MPCP") for certain management employees,
including Executive Officers. The MPCP provides for awards to be
calculated annually and paid in a combination of cash and UNITIL
Common Stock. Awards are based on the following criteria: (i)
UNITIL's performance as measured by (a) the achievement of
earnings per share sufficient to provide adequate coverage of
common dividends paid, (b) return on common equity measured over a
three-year performance period as compared to that achieved by a
specified group of other electric utility companies, (c) cost per
customer measured over a two-year performance period as compared
to that of a specified group of other electric utility companies,
and (d) residential electric rates measured over a one-year
performance period as compared to residential electric rates of a
specified group of other electric utility companies; and (ii)
achievement of annual individual performance goals. Target
incentive awards are established each year for individuals
participating in MPCP and are calculated as a percentage of the
individual's assigned base salary range midpoint. The target
incentive awards for participants range from 10% to 25% of salary
range midpoints. Depending on UNITIL meeting its objectives and
the achievement of annual individual performance goals,
individuals can receive from 0% of their target award to 150% of
their target award.  A discretionary award may also be made to
certain management employees in recognition of their contribution
to the profitability of the System's non-utility subsidiary,
UNITIL Resources.   Amounts paid under these arrangements to
Executive Officers during 1994 are shown in column (d) in the
Summary Compensation Table shown on the preceding page. 

     In 1989, the shareholders ratified the Key Employee Stock
Option Plan ("Option Plan").  The Option Plan is administered by a
committee appointed by the Board of Directors which is comprised
of members of the Board who are not eligible to receive grants
under the Option Plan (the "Committee"). The Committee selects key
management employees, including Executive Officers, of UNITIL and
its subsidiaries who will receive grants under the Option Plan,
the amount or number of shares of UNITIL Common Stock subject to
each grant, the terms and conditions of each grant and whether and
to what extent key employees who receive grants will be allowed or
required to defer receipt of any grant upon the occurrence of
specified events, subject to certain limitations contained in the
Option Plan. The maximum exercise period for any option is ten
years, and no options may be granted under the Option Plan more
than ten years after its adoption. 

     Options granted under the Option Plan may be either incentive
stock options or non-qualified stock options. The option price per
share granted under the Option Plan is determined by the
Committee, but will not be less than: (i) in the case of an
incentive stock option, 100% of the fair market value of the
shares of UNITIL Common Stock subject to the option as of the date
the option is granted; and (ii) in the case of a non-qualified
stock option, at least 85% of the fair market value of the shares
of UNITIL Common Stock subject to the option as of the date the
option is granted. For purposes of the Option Plan, "fair market
value" means, as of the applicable date, the closing price of
UNITIL Common Stock on the American Stock Exchange ("AMEX"), or,
if no sales took place on such day, the closing price on the most
recent day on which selling prices were quoted.

     Upon the exercise of any option by an employee and upon
payment of the option price for shares of UNITIL Common Stock as
to which the option was granted (the "Primary Shares"), UNITIL
will cause to be delivered to such employee (i) the Primary Shares
and (ii) the number of shares of UNITIL Common Stock (the
"Dividend Equivalent Shares") equal to the dollar amount of
dividends which would have been paid on the Primary Shares (and
previously accrued Dividend Equivalent Shares) had they been
outstanding, divided by the fair market value of UNITIL Common
Stock determined as of the record date for each dividend.

     The Option Plan authorizes the Committee to provide in the
award agreements that the partici- pant's right to exercise the
options provided for therein will be accelerated upon the
occurrence of a "Change in Control" of UNITIL. The term "Change in
Control" is defined in substantially the same manner as in the
Severance Agreements, which are described below. All of the award
agreements entered into with participants in the Option Plan to
date contain such a "Change in Control" provision. Each award
agreement also provides that, upon the exercise of an option on or
after a Change in Control, UNITIL shall pay to the optionee,
within five business days, a lump sum cash amount equal to the
economic benefit of the optionee's outstanding options and
associated dividend equivalents that the optionee would have
received had the option remained unexercised until the day
preceding the expiration of the grant.

     The table below provides information with respect to options
to purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock exercised in
fiscal 1994 and the value of unexercised options granted in prior
years under the Option Plan to the named executive officers in the
Summary Compensation Table and held by them as of December 31,
1994.   No options were granted in fiscal 1994 to any of the named
Executive Officers.  The Company has no compensation plan under
which Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) are granted.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR (FY) AND FY-END OPTION/SAR
                                  VALUES

                           Shares           Number of Unexercised             Value of Unexercised       
                          Acquired          Options/SARs at          In-the-Money Options/SARs at    
                             on      Value     FY-End (#) (1)                  FY-End ($)      
Principal                 Exercise Realized   Exercisable/                  Exercisable/     
                            (#)      ($)     Unexercisable                 Unexercisable    
    (a)                     (b)      (c)          (d)                         (e)         
<S>                       <C>      <C>      <C>              <C>       <C>           <C> 
Peter J. Stulgis             -        -       exercisable    24,000    exercisable   $169,920
Chairman of the Board &      -        -       unexercisable     0      unexercisable     $0
Chief Executive Officer      -        -                             

Michael J. Dalton            -        -       exercisable    24,000    exercisable   $165,360
President &                  -        -       unexercisable     0      unexercisable     $0
Chief Operating Officer                           

Gail A. Siart                -        -       exercisable     2,078    exercisable   $ 13,882
Chief Financial Officer,     -        -       unexercisable     0      unexercisable     $0
Treasurer & Secretary             

James G. Daly                -        -       exercisable     2,032    exercisable   $ 10,180
Senior Vice President,       -        -       unexercisable     0      unexercisable     $0
UNITIL Service                       

George R. Gantz              -        -       exercisable     2,078    exercisable   $ 13,882
Senior Vice President,       -        -       unexercisable     0      unexercisable     $0
UNITIL Service                         
</TABLE>

NOTES:
   (1)    Amounts listed in column (d) in the table above do not
     include non-preferential dividend equivalents associated with
     options outstanding.
   
   
          
     UNITIL maintains a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan
and related trust agreement (the "Retirement Plan"), which
provides retirement annuities for eligible employees of UNITIL and
its subsidiaries.  Since the Retirement Plan is a defined benefit
plan, no amounts were contributed or accrued specifically for the
benefit of any officer of UNITIL under the Retirement Plan.
Directors of UNITIL who are not and have not been officers of
UNITIL or any of its subsidiaries are not eligible to participate
in the Retirement Plan.

      The table on the following page sets forth the estimated
annual benefits (exclusive of Social Security payments) payable to
participants in the specified compensation and years of service
classifications, assuming continued active service until
retirement.  The average annual earnings used to compute the
annual benefits are subject to a $150,000 limit.  

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     PENSION PLAN TABLE            
Average Annual Earnings                  ANNUAL PENSION    
  Used for Computing       10 Years     20 Years     30 Years     40 Years
      Pension             of Service   of Service   of Service   of Service 
<S>                       <C>          <C>          <C>          <C> 
    $100,000                20,000       40,000       50,000       55,000
     125,000                25,000       50,000       62,500       68,750
     150,000                30,000       60,000       75,000       82,500
     175,000                35,000       70,000       87,500       96,250
</TABLE>

   The present formula for determining annual benefits under the
Retirement Plan's life annuity option is (i) 2% of average annual
salary (average annual salary during the five consecutive years
out of the last twenty years of employment that give the highest
average salary) for each of the first  twenty years of benefit
service, plus (ii) 1% of average annual salary for each of the
next ten years of benefit service and (iii) 1/2% of average annual
salary for each year of benefit service in excess of thirty, minus
(iv) 50% of age 65 annual Social Security benefit (as defined in
the Retirement Plan), and (v) any benefit under another UNITIL
retirement plan of a former employer for which credit for service
is given under the Retirement Plan. A participant is eligible for
early retirement at an actuarially reduced pension upon the
attainment of age 55 with at least 15 years of service with UNITIL
or one of its subsidiaries. A participant is 100% vested in his
benefit under the Retirement Plan after 5 years of service with
UNITIL or one of its subsidiaries.  As of January 1, 1995,
Executive Officers Stulgis, Dalton, Siart, Daly and Gantz  had 15,
27, 12, 6 and 11 credited years of service, respectively, under
the Retirement Plan.


      Effective January 1, 1987, UNITIL Service adopted a
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"), a non-qualified
defined benefit plan. SERP provides for supplemental retirement
benefits to executives selected by the Board of Directors of
UNITIL Service (the "UNITIL Service Board"). At the present time,
Messrs. Stulgis and Dalton are eligible for SERP benefits upon
attaining normal or early retirement eligibility. The formula for
determining annual benefits under SERP at normal retirement date
is based on a participant's final average earnings less the
participant's benefits payable under the Retirement Plan and less
other retirement income payable to such participant by UNITIL.
Early retirement benefits are available to a participant, with the
UNITIL Service Board's approval, if the participant has attained
age 55 and completed 15 years of service. The above computation is
adjusted, if the participant has not attained age 62 by the early
retirement date, by multiplying 60% of the participant's final
average earnings by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
years of actual service and the denominator of which is the
service the participant would have completed if the participant
had remained employed by UNITIL until age 62. Should a participant
elect to begin receiving early retirement benefits under SERP
prior to attaining age 62, the benefits are reduced by 2% for each
year that commencement of benefits precedes attainment of age 62.
If a participant terminates employment for any reason prior to
retirement (as defined in the SERP), the participant will not be
entitled to any benefits under the  SERP. A participant receiving
benefits or entitled to receive benefits will forfeit his benefits
if he engages in competition with UNITIL Service or is discharged
for cause or performs acts of willful malfeasance or gross
negligence in a matter of material importance to UNITIL Service.
Benefits under the SERP are to be paid from the general assets of
UNITIL Service. Under the SERP, Messrs. Stulgis and Dalton would
be entitled to receive an annual benefit of $71,401 and $64,187,
respectively, assuming their normal retirement at age 65 and that
their final average earnings are equal to the average of their
respective three consecutive years of highest compensation prior
to the date hereof.  

      In 1988, UNITIL and certain subsidiaries entered into
severance agreements (the "Severance Agreements") with certain
management employees, including Executive Officers, of UNITIL and
its subsidiaries. The Severance Agreements are intended to help
assure continuity in the management and operation of UNITIL and
its subsidiaries in the event of a proposed "Change in Control". 
Each Severance Agreement only becomes effective upon the
occurrence of a Change in Control of UNITIL as defined below. Upon
the effectiveness of the Severance Agreements, each employee's
stipulated compensation and benefits, position, responsibilities
and other conditions of employment may not be reduced during the
thirty-six month period following a Change in Control. In the
event of such a reduction, the employee is entitled to a severance
benefit which is described hereafter. A "Change in Control" is
defined as occurring when (i) UNITIL receives a report on Schedule
13D filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, disclosing that any
person, group, corporation, or other entity (except UNITIL or a
wholly-owned subsidiary of UNITIL), is the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of 25% or more of UNITIL Common Stock;
(ii) any person, group, corporation, or other entity (except
UNITIL or a wholly-owned subsidiary of UNITIL), after purchasing
UNITIL Common Stock in a tender offer or exchange offer, becomes
the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 25% or more of
UNITIL Common Stock; (iii) the shareholders of UNITIL approve any
consolidation or merger in which UNITIL is not the continuing or
surviving corporation or pursuant to which the shares of UNITIL
Common Stock would be converted into cash, securities or other
property or any sale, exchange or other transfer of all or
substantially all of UNITIL's assets; or (iv) there is a change in
a majority of the members of the UNITIL Board of Directors within
a twenty-five month period unless approved by two-thirds of the
Directors then still in office who were in office at the beginning
of the twenty-five month period. 

      In the event of a Change in Control each Severance Agreement
further provides that in the event (i) the employee's employment
is terminated by UNITIL, or the appropriate subsidiary, with the
exception of a termination because of the employee's acceptance of
a position with another company or for cause (as defined in the
Severance Agreement); or (ii) the employee terminates employment
due to (a) reduction in the employee's position and
responsibilities with UNITIL, or the appropriate subsidiary, (b)
reduction in the employee's total compensation, (c) assignment to
a location more than fifty miles from the employee's current place
of employment, (d) liquidation, merger, or sale of all the assets
of UNITIL, unless the successor corporation has a net worth at
least equal to that of UNITIL and assumes UNITIL's obligations
under the Severance Agreements, or (e) any other material breach
of the Severance Agreement by UNITIL, or the appropriate
subsidiary, the employee is entitled to a severance benefit. The
amount payable to the employee upon the occurrence of any of the
foregoing events is a lump sum cash amount, payable within five
business days of such termination (with the exception noted
below), equal to (i) the present value of three years' base salary
and bonus; (ii) the present value of the additional amount the
employee would have received under the Retirement Plan if the
employee had continued to be employed for such thirty-six month
period; (iii) the present value of contributions that would have
been made by UNITIL or its subsidiaries under the TDSIP if the
employee had been employed for such thirty-six month period; and
(iv) the economic benefit on any outstanding UNITIL stock options
and associated dividend equivalents, assuming such options
remained unexercised until the day preceding the expiration of the
grant, including the spread on any stock options that would have
been granted under the Option Plan if the employee had been
employed for such thirty-six month period. Generally, the spread
on any stock options which would have been granted under the
Option Plan shall be paid within five business days after the
expiration of the thirty-six month period. Each Severance
Agreement also provides for the continuation of all employee
benefits for a period of thirty-six months, commencing with the
month in which the termination occurred. In addition, pursuant to
each Severance Agreement, UNITIL is required to make an additional
payment to the employee sufficient on an after-tax basis to
satisfy any additional individual tax liability incurred under
Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, in
respect to such payments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
           AS TO OTHER MATTERS TO COME BEFORE THE MEETING
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


      The Board of Directors does not intend to bring before the
meeting any matters other than the one referred to above and knows
of no other matters which may properly come before the meeting. If
any other matters or motions come before the meeting, it is the
intention of the persons named in the accompanying form of proxy
to vote such proxy in accordance with their judgment on such
matters or motions, including any matters dealing with the conduct
of the meeting.

      The Board of Directors has selected and employed the firm of
Grant Thornton as UNITIL's independent certified public
accountants to audit UNITIL's financial statements for the fiscal
year 1995. 
A representative of the firm will be present at the meeting and
will be available to respond to appropriate questions. It is not
anticipated that such representative will make a prepared
statement at the meeting; however, he will be free to do so if he
so chooses.

      Any proposal submitted by a shareholder of UNITIL for
inclusion in the proxy material for the 1996 annual meeting of
shareholders must be received by UNITIL at its office in Exeter,
New Hampshire, not later than December 20, 1995.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
          Solicitation, Revocation and Use of Proxies
             
      Shares of UNITIL Common Stock represented by properly
executed proxies received by UNITIL prior to or at the meeting
will be voted at the meeting in accordance with the instructions
specified on the proxies. If no instructions are specified on such
proxies, shares will be voted FOR the election of the nominees for
Directors.  Abstentions and non-votes will have the same effect as
negative votes.
      Any UNITIL shareholder who executes and returns a proxy has
the power to revoke such proxy at any time before it is voted by
filing with the Secretary of UNITIL, at the address of UNITIL set
forth above, written notice of such revocation or a duly executed
proxy bearing a later date, or by attending and voting in person
at the meeting. Attendance at the meeting will not in and of
itself constitute a revocation of a proxy.

      UNITIL will bear the costs of solicitation by the Board of
Directors of proxies from UNITIL shareholders. In addition to the
use of the mail, proxies may be solicited by the Directors,
officers and employees of UNITIL by personal interview, telephone,
telegram or otherwise. Such Directors, officers and employees will
not be additionally compensated, but may be reimbursed for
out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such solicitation. 
Arrangements also will be made with brokerage houses and other
custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for the forwarding of
solicitation material to the beneficial owners of stock held of
record by such persons, and UNITIL may reimburse such custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in
connection therewith.



                                   By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                   Gail A. Siart
                                   Secretary


UNITIL will furnish without charge to any shareholder entitled to
vote and to any beneficial owner of shares entitled to be voted at
the annual meeting of common shareholders, to be held April 20,
1995, a copy of its annual report on Form 10-K, including
financial statments and schedules thereto, required to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the fiscal year
1994, upon written request to Gail A. Siart, Chief Financial
Officer, UNITIL Corporation, 216 Epping Road, Exeter, New
Hampshire   03833-4571. 


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.8
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY'S EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
<TEXT>




                    CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY

                               TO

           THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, TRUSTEE



                         _______________


                             EIGHTH

                     SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

                  Dated as of October 14, 1994


                         _______________


               Additional Issue (Series I, 8.49%,
                      due October 14, 2024)

                           $6,000,000 



           Recorded Merrimack County Registry of Deeds
        Book    , Page    , October 14, 1994,    :   A.M.

     THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated and entered into as of 
October 14, 1994, by and between Concord Electric Company, a
corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of The
State of New Hampshire (hereinafter commonly referred to as the
"Company") (its Federal tax identification number being
02-0121400) and The First National Bank of Boston, a national
banking association, as successor Trustee under the Indenture of
Mortgage and Deed of Trust referred to in the first recital
hereof (hereinafter, together, as appropriate, with Old Colony
Trust Company, the original Trustee under the said Indenture,
commonly referred to as the "Trustee") (its Federal tax
identification number being 04-2472499);

                           WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, the Company heretofore duly executed and delivered
to the Trustee its Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust
(hereinafter generally referred to as the "Original Indenture"
and sometimes referred to, with each and every other instrument,
including this Supplemental Indenture, which the Company may
execute with the Trustee and which is therein stated to be
supplemental to the Original Indenture, as the "Mortgage"), dated
as of July 15, 1958, but actually executed on September 18, 1958,
and recorded, among other places, in Merrimack County, New
Hampshire, Registry of Deeds, Volume 832, Page 96, and in the
Office of the City Clerk of the City of Concord, New Hampshire,
Volume 188, Page 156 and duly recorded First, Second, Third,
Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Supplemental Indentures thereto
dated as of January 15, 1968, as of November 15, 1971, as of July
1, 1975, as of March 28, 1984, as of June 1, 1984, as of October
29, 1987, and as of August 29, 1991, respectively, to which this
instrument is supplemental and in modification and confirmation
thereof, whereby substantially all the properties of the Company
used by it in its electric business, whether then owned or
thereafter acquired, with certain exceptions and reservations
fully set forth in the Mortgage were given, granted, bargained,
sold, warranted, pledged, assigned, transferred, mortgaged and
conveyed to the Trustee, its successors and assigns, in trust
upon the terms and conditions set forth therein to secure bonds
of the Company issued and to be issued thereunder, and for other
purposes more particularly specified therein; and

     WHEREAS, on January 4, 1971 Old Colony Trust Company was
merged into The First National Bank of Boston, which thereupon
succeeded to the trust under the Mortgage; and

     WHEREAS, there are now outstanding under the Mortgage
$1,584,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series C,
$930,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series D,
$500,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series G,
and $6,500,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds,
Series H, and the Company proposes to issue $6,000,000 in
principal amount of additional First Mortgage Bonds of a new
series designated as First Mortgage Bonds, Series I (hereinafter
sometimes referred to as "Series I bonds" or "bonds of Series
I"); and

     WHEREAS, all things have been done and performed which are
necessary to make the Series I bonds, when authenticated by the
Trustee and issued as in the Original Indenture and herein
provided, legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the
acceptance and purchase of the Series I bonds by the holder
thereof, and of other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and in confirmation of
and supplementing the Original Indenture and the First, Second,
Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Supplemental Indentures
and in performance of and compliance with the provisions thereof,
the Company, by these presents, does give, grant, bargain, sell,
warrant, pledge, assign, transfer, mortgage and convey unto the
Trustee, as provided in the Mortgage, and its successor or
successors in the trust thereby and hereby created, and its and
their assigns, all and singular, the property, and rights and
interests in property, described in the Original Indenture and
the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh
Supplemental Indentures and thereby conveyed, pledged, assigned,
transferred and mortgaged, or intended or required so to be (said
descriptions in the Original Indenture and the First, Second,
Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Supplemental Indentures
being hereby made a part hereof to the same extent as if set
forth herein at length), whether then or now owned or thereafter
or hereafter acquired, except such of said properties or
interests therein as may have been released by the Trustee or
sold or disposed of in whole or in part as permitted by the
provisions of the Mortgage and also, but without in any way
limiting the generality of the foregoing, all the rights, titles,
interests, easements and properties described in Schedule A
hereto attached and hereby made a part hereof as fully as if set
forth herein at length, and all proceeds of any of the foregoing
at any time conveyed, pledged, assigned, transferred, mortgaged,
paid or delivered to and from time to time held by the Trustee
upon the trusts of the Mortgage.

     SUBJECT, HOWEVER, insofar as affected hereby, to any
permitted encumbrances as defined in Section 1.01 of the Original
Indenture, and, as to the property specifically described in
Schedules A of the Original Indenture and the First, Second,
Third, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Supplemental Indentures and in
Schedule A hereof, to the liens, encumbrances, reservations,
restrictions, conditions, limitations, covenants, interests and
exceptions, if any, set forth or referred to in the descriptions
thereof contained in said Schedules, none of which substantially
interferes with the free use and enjoyment by the Company of the
property and rights hereinabove described for the general
purposes and uses of the Company's electric business;

     AND SUBJECT FURTHER, as to all hereafter-acquired property,
insofar as affected thereby, to any mortgages, encumbrances or
liens on such after-acquired property existing at the time of
such acquisition or contemporaneously created, conforming to the
provisions of Section 8.07 of the Original Indenture;

     BUT SPECIFICALLY RESERVING, EXCEPTING AND EXCLUDING from
this instrument, and from the grant, conveyance, mortgage,
transfer and assignment herein contained, all right, title and
interest of the Company, now owned or hereafter acquired in and
to properties and rights of the kind specified in subclauses (a)
to (d), both inclusive, of the granting clauses, on pages 25-26,
of the Original Indenture (as amended by Section4.03A of the
Fourth Supplemental Indenture.

     TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the trust estate, with all of the
privileges and appurtenances thereunto belonging, unto the
Trustee, its successors in the trusts of the Mortgage, and its
and their assigns, to its and their own use, forever;

     BUT IN TRUST NEVERTHELESS, upon the terms and trusts set
forth in the Mortgage, for the equal pro rata benefit, security
and protection (except as provided in Section 8.14 of the
Original Indenture and except insofar as a sinking, improvement
and analogous fund or funds, established in accordance with the
provisions of the Original Indenture, or any indenture
supplemental thereto, may afford particular security for bonds of
one or more series) of the bearers and the registered owners of
the bonds from time to time authenticated, issued and outstanding
under the Mortgage, and the bearers of the coupons appertaining
thereto, without (except as aforesaid) any preference, priority
or distinction whatever of any one bond over any other bond by
reason of priority in the issue, sale or negotiation thereof, or
otherwise;

     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, and these presents are upon the
condition, that, if the Company shall pay or cause to be paid the
principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the bonds at
the times and in the manner therein and in the Mortgage provided,
and shall keep, perform and observe all and singular the
covenants, agreements and provisions in the bonds and in the
Mortgage expressed to be kept, performed and observed by or on
the part of the Company, then this Supplemental Indenture and the
estate and rights hereby granted shall, pursuant to the
provisions of Article Thirteen of the Original Indenture, cease,
determine and be void, but otherwise shall be and remain in full
force and effect.

     AND IT IS HEREBY COVENANTED, DECLARED AND AGREED, upon the
trusts and for the purposes aforesaid, as set forth in the
following covenants, agreements, conditions and provisions, viz.:

                           ARTICLE ONE

                         Series I Bonds

     Section 1.01.  There shall be and is hereby created an
additional series of bonds designated as and entitled "First
Mortgage Bonds, Series I".  Series I bonds shall be fully
registered bonds without coupons, of the denomination of $1,000
and multiples thereof.  The bonds of Series I originally issued
shall be dated the date of such issue and any bonds of Series I
subsequently issued under the provisions of Sections 2.09, 2.11,
2.12 and 7.05 of the Original Indenture and of Section 1.07
hereof shall be dated as provided in Section 2.04 of the Original
Indenture.  All Series I bonds shall mature on October 14, 2024,
and shall bear interest at the rate of Eight and Forty-Nine
Hundredths Percent (8.49%) per annum from their respective dates,
such interest to be payable semiannually on the fourteenth day of
April and the fourteenth day of October in each year commencing
the fourteenth day of April, 1995, and shall bear interest on any
overdue principal (including any overdue prepayment of principal)
and premium, if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable
law) on any overdue payment of interest, at the rate of 9.49% per
annum.  The principal of, premium, if any, and interest on bonds
of Series I shall be payable at the principal corporate trust
office of The First National Bank of Boston, Boston,
Massachusetts, or at the principal corporate trust office of its
successors as Trustee hereunder, in lawful money of the United
States of America provided that, the Company may enter into a
written agreement with any registered Institutional Holder of the
bonds of Series I providing that payment of interest thereon and
of the redemption price of any portion of the principal amount
thereof (including premium, if any) which may be called for
redemption shall be made directly to such holder or to its
nominee, as the case may be, at a duly designated place of
payment within the United States, without surrender or
presentation of such bonds of Series I to the Trustee,  provided
that (A) there shall have been filed with the Trustee a copy of
such agreement and (B) pursuant to such agreement such holder
shall agree that it will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of any such bond of Series I in respect of which any such payment
or redemption shall have been made unless, prior to the delivery
thereof by it (i) it shall have made a clear and accurate
notation of the amount of principal so redeemed upon any such
bond instrument to be transferred, or (ii) such bond of Series I
shall have been presented to the Trustee for appropriate notation
thereon of the portion of the principal amount thereof redeemed,
or (iii) such bond or bonds of Series I shall have been
surrendered in exchange for a new bond or bonds of Series I for
the unredeemed balance of the principal amount thereof in
accordance with the other terms of the Mortgage. For purposes of
this Section 1.01, the term "Institutional Holder" shall mean any
insurance comany, bank, savings and loan association, trust
company, investment company, chartable foundation, employee
benefit plan (as defined by ERISA) or other institutional
investor or financial institution. The text of the bonds of
Series I and of the Trustee's Certificate with respect to Series
I bonds shall be respectively substantially of the tenor and
purport set forth in Schedule B hereto.  The bonds of Series I
shall be numbered in such manner or by such method as shall be
satisfactory to the Trustee.

     The issue of bonds of Series I hereunder is hereby limited
to the $6,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Series I bonds
initially issued as provided in Section 1.08 hereof and to Series
I bonds issued in exchange or substitution for outstanding Series
I bonds under the provisions of Sections 2.09, 2.11, 2.12 and
7.05 of the Original Indenture and Section 1.07 hereof (except
that despite the provisions of Section 2.09 of the Original
Indenture, no bonds of Series I may be converted from registered
to coupon form).

     Section 1.02.  As a required sinking fund for the benefit of
the Series I bonds, the Company covenants that it will, on
October 13 in each year, beginning on October 13, 2015, and
continuing to and including October 13, 2024, pay to the Trustee
immediately available funds sufficient to redeem, at par, Series
I bonds then outstanding, in the principal amount of
Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($ 600,000)(or the remaining
principal amount if less than $600,000 principal amount of Series
I bonds at the time remains outstanding).  The payments required
for the sinking fund as above provided are in this Section 1.02
and elsewhere in this Eighth Supplemental Indenture referred to
as "required sinking fund payments" and the day following each
such payment is herein and therein referred to as a "required
sinking fund redemption date".

     No redemption under Section 1.03, 1.04, 1.05 or 1.06 hereof
shall affect or reduce the obligation of the Company to provide
for required sinking fund redemptions under this Section 1.02
until all Series I bonds shall have been paid in full.

     Section 1.03.  At the same time it makes any required
sinking fund payment, the Company shall have the option (which
shall be non-cumulative) to pay to the Trustee, in immediately
available funds, an additional principal amount of Six Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($600,000)(in this Section 1.03 and elsewhere in
this Eighth Supplemental Indenture referred to as an "optional
sinking fund payment"), provided, that the cumulative amount of
all optional sinking fund payments pursuant to this Section 1.03
shall not exceed One Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars
($1,200.000) and each such optional sinking fund payment shall be
applied to the redemption of Series I bonds on the required
sinking fund redemption date for such sinking fund payment. The
Company will give notice, by registered mail, postage prepaid, to
the Trustee and to each registered owner of a bond of Series I of
any required or optional payment to be made pursuant to Section
1.02 or this Section 1.03 or Section 1.04 hereof not more than
60, nor less than 30, days prior to the required sinking fund
redemption date (or other designated date of redemption in the
case of a redemption pursuant to Section 1.04).

     Section 1.04.  In addition to the required and optional
sinking funds provided by Sections 1.02 and 1.03 hereof, all of
the bonds of Series I, or any part of the principal amount
thereof constituting One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or
any integral multiple thereof, shall be subject to redemption, at
the option of the Company, on any date on or after October 14,
1994 and before October 14, 2019, pursuant to the provisions of
Article Seven of the Original Indenture, and by payment of an
amount equal to the Make Whole Amount, as defined below in this
Section 1.04.  In addition to the foregoing, on any date on or
after October 14, 2019, all of the bonds of Series I, or any part
of the principal amount thereof constituting One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000) or any integral multiple thereof, shall be
subject to redemption, at the option of the Company, by payment
of the principal amount of the bond or bonds optionally to be
redeemed, plus interest accrued thereon to the date fixed for
such redemption plus a premium equal to the applicable percentage
of the principal amount thereof as follows:

     Date Fixed for Redemption                         Premium

If redeemed on or after October
     14, 2019 and before October
     14, 2020                              . . . . . . .101.5%
On or after October 14, 2020 and before
     October 14, 2021                      . . . . . . .101.0%  
On or after October 14, 2020
     and before October 14, 2022           . . . . . . .100.5%
On or after October 14, 2020
     and prior to maturity                 . . .. . . . 100.0%

     For purposes of this Section 1.04, the Make Whole Amount
shall mean the greater of (i) the outstanding principal amount of
the bonds to be redeemed, plus interest accrued to the date fixed
for such redemption, and (ii) the sum of (A) the aggregate
present value as of the date of such redemption of each dollar of
principal being prepaid (taking into account each redemption
required by Section 1.02 above),  and (B) the amount of interest
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date fixed for such
redemption) that would have been payable in respect of each such
dollar if such redemption had not been made, determined by
discounting such amounts at the Reinvestment Rate (as hereinafter
defined) from the respective dates on which they would have been
payable to the date of such redemption, plus interest accrued to
the date fixed for such redemption.

     For purposes of any determination of the Make Whole Amount:

          "Reinvestment Rate" shall mean the sum of (i) 0.50%
     plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the yields for the two
     columns under the heading "Week Ending" published in the
     Statistical Release under the caption "Treasury Constant
     Maturities" for the maturity (rounded to the nearest month)
     corresponding to the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of
     the principal amount of the bonds being redeemed (taking
     into account each redemption required by Section 1.02).  If
     no maturity exactly corresponds to such Weighted Average
     Life to Maturity, yields for the published maturity next
     longer than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity and for
     the published maturity next shorter than the Average
     Weighted Life to Maturity shall be calculated pursuant to
     the immediately preceding sentence, and the Reinvestment
     Rate shall be interpolated from such yields on a
     straight-line basis, rounding in each of such relevant
     periods to the nearest month.  For the purposes of
     calculating the Reinvestment Rate, the most recent
     Statistical Release published prior to the date of
     determination of the Make Whole Amount shall be used.

          "Statistical Release" shall mean the then most
     recently published statistical release designated
     "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published
     weekly by the Federal Reserve System and which establishes
     yields on actively traded U.S. Government Securities
     adjusted to constant maturities or, if such statistical
     release is not published at the time of any determination
     hereunder, then such other reasonably comparable index
     which shall be designated by the holders of 66 2/3% in
     aggregate principal amount of outstanding Series I bonds. 

          "Weighted Average Life to Maturity" of the principal
     amount of the bonds being redeemed shall mean, as of the
     time of any determination thereof, the number of years
     obtained by dividing the then Remaining Dollar-Years of
     such principal by the aggregate amount of such principal. 
     The term "Remaining Dollar-Years" of such principal shall
     mean the amount obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the
     remainder of (1) the amount of principal that would have
     been payable on each scheduled redemption date under
     Section 1.02  if the redemption pursuant to this Section
     1.04 had not been made, less (2) the amount of principal on
     the bonds scheduled to become payable on each such
     redemption date under Section 1.02 after giving effect to
     the redemption pursuant to this Section 1.04, by (y) the
     number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth)
     which will elapse between the date of determination and
     each such scheduled redemption date under Section 1.02 and
     (ii) totaling the products obtained in (i).

     Section 1.05.  Series I bonds which may be redeemed pursuant
to Article Eleven of the Original Indenture (i) out of release
moneys or other trust moneys required by Section 8.12 of the
Original Indenture to be deposited with the Trustee, may be
redeemed on any date and shall be redeemed for an amount equal to
the principal amount of the bonds to be redeemed, plus interest
accrued to the date of redemption; or (ii) out of release moneys
or other trust moneys required by Sections 8.10, 10.03 or 10.04
of the Original Indenture to be deposited with the Trustee, may
be redeemed on any date and, if redeemed prior to October 14,
2019,  then they shall be redeemed for an amount equal to the
Make Whole Amount, as defined above in Section 1.04, and if they
shall be so redeemed on any date on or after October 14, 2019,
then they shall be redeemed for an amount equal to the  interest
accrued the princiapl amount of the bond or bonds to be redeemed
to the date fixed for such redemption plus an amount equal to the
applicable percentage of the principal amount thereof set forth
in Section 1.04, above, for optional redemptions occurring on or
after October 14, 2019.

     Section 1.06.  In the event that all or any part of the
bonds of Series I shall be redeemed or otherwise discharged prior
to their maturity pursuant to or in accordance with the order of
any governmental commission or regulatory authority upon the
reorganization, dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or
otherwise, the registered owners of such bonds of Series I shall
be entitled to be paid thereafter an amount equal to the Make
Whole Amount, if such redemption or discharge occurs prior to
October 14, 2019, or, if such redemption occurs on or after
October 14, 2019, then the registered owners of such bonds shall
be entitled to be paid thereafter an amount equal to the interest
accrued on the principal amount of the bonds to be redeemed to
the date of redemption, plus an amount equal to the then
applicable percentage of the principal amount thereof provided in
Section 1.04, above, for optional redemptions on or after such
date.

     Section 1.07.  Bonds of Series I, upon surrender thereof at
the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee, may be
exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of other fully
registered bonds of that Series.

     Within a reasonable time after the receipt of a request for
such an exchange, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver all bonds required in connection
therewith, and the Trustee shall make such exchange upon payment
to it of such charge, if any, as is required by the following
paragraph.

     For any exchange of bonds of Series I, the Company, at its
option, may require the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse
it for any stamp or other tax or governmental charge required to
be paid by the Company or the Trustee.

     Section 1.08.  Upon the execution of this Eighth
Supplemental Indenture and upon compliance with all applicable
provisions of Articles Four and Five of the Original Indenture,
the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee, and the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the order of
the Company, bonds of Series I in the form of registered bonds
without coupons in the aggregate principal amount of Six Million
Dollars ($6,000,000).

                           ARTICLE TWO

                           Redemption

     Section 2.01.  In the case of any required or optional
sinking fund redemption pursuant to Sections 1.02 and 1.03
hereof, forthwith after the September 14 preceding each required
sinking fund payment date, and in the case of any proposed
redemption pursuant to Sections 1.04 or 1.05, forthwith after the
Trustee's receipt of proper notice from the Company of any such
proposed redemption, the Trustee, pursuant to the provisions of
Article Seven of the Original Indenture, shall

          (a) select for redemption a principal amount of bonds
     of Series I equal to the amount to be redeemed on the next
     ensuing required sinking fund redemption date or designated
     optional redemption date, as the case may be, so that the
     principal amount to be redeemed of bonds of such series
     then held by each holder shall bear the same ratio to the
     total principal amount of all bonds of such series then to
     be redeemed as the total principal amount of all bonds of
     such series then held by such holder bears to the total
     principal amount of all bonds of such series then
     outstanding;

          (b) notify the Company of the bonds of Series I to be
     so redeemed; and

          (c) give notice of redemption of such bonds of Series
     I, as provided in Sections 7.02, 7.03, 7.04 and 7.05 of the
     Original Indenture, to take effect on the then ensuing
     required sinking fund redemption date or other applicable
     date of redemption for such bonds of Series I.

     The Company covenants that it will pay to the Trustee

          i)   on or before the day prior to each required
          sinking fund payment date, the sum required by Section
          1.02 hereof, plus the sum, if any, payable in
          accordance with any notice of optional redemption
          delivered prior to such required sinking fund payment
          date pursuant to Section 1.03 hereof, and

          ii)  on or before the day prior to the date proposed
          by the Company in a notice (which notice shall conform
          to the requirements of Article Seven of the Original
          Indenture) of any redemption pursuant to Section 1.04
          or 1.05 hereof, the principal amount payable in
          accordance with such notice.  

At the time of each required sinking fund redemption or other
redemption the Company shall pay to the Trustee the amount of the
charges which shall be due the Trustee and the amount of expenses
which the Trustee advises the Company it has incurred or will
incur in connection with such redemption.

                          ARTICLE THREE

                    Covenants of the Company

     Section 3.01.  The Company covenants that it will not
declare or pay dividends (other than in its own common stock) or
make any other distribution on shares of its common stock or
apply any of its property or assets (other than amounts equal to
any proceeds received from the sale of common stock of the
Company) to the purchase or retirement of, or make any other
distribution through reduction of capital or otherwise, in
respect of, any shares of its common stock if, after giving
effect to such distribution, the aggregate of all such
distributions declared, paid, made or applied subsequent to
December 31, 1993, plus the amount of all dividends declared or
accrued on any class of preferred stock of the Company subsequent
to December 31, 1993, and any amounts charged to net income after
December 31, 1993 in connection with the purchase or retirement
of any shares of preferred stock of the Company would exceed an
amount equal to net income of the Company available for dividends
after December 31, 1993, plus the sum of $4,400,000.

     The term "net income" as applied to any period shall mean
the net income (or deficit) of the Company for such period
properly transferable to its earned surplus, all computed, if a
uniform system of accounts is prescribed by any commission or
other governmental body having jurisdiction in the premises, in
accordance with such uniform system; otherwise in accordance with
accepted accounting practice, and in any event by deducting from
the aggregate gross revenues of the Company for such period all
expenses required to be deducted in computing earnings available
for interest charges for such period in accordance with Section
4.02B of the Original Indenture (as amended by Section 1.01 of
the Fourth Supplemental Indenture), and also by deducting all
interest requirements, taxes, amortization of debt discount and
expense and other deferred charges, and all other non-operating
expenses for such period.

                          ARTICLE FOUR

                Amendments to Original Indenture

     Section 4.01.  Section 14.03 of the Original Indenture is
hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

       If default occurs in payment of principal, premium
       or interest due hereunder, the Company covenants
       that it will pay or cause to be paid interest upon
       overdue principal, premium and interest, to the
       extent permitted by law, at the greater of (i) six
       percent (6%) per annum and (ii) the rate specified
       in the supplemental indenture creating the series
       of bonds in questions or, if no such rate is
       specified therein, then the rate of interest
       payable on the bonds of the series in question plus
       one percent (1%).

     Section 4.02. Section 4.04 of the Original Indenture, as
amended by Section 4.01 of the Second Supplemental Indenture
dated as of November 15, 1971, is hereby amended in order to
clarify the meaning thereof by inserting the words "as shown by
the" after the word "charges" and before the word "certificate"
in the sixth line thereof, and by inserting the word "are" after
the word "hereof" and before the word "equal" in the seventh line
thereof, so that as amended such Section shall read in its
entirety as follows:

       Section 4.04. Additional Bonds of any series other
       than Series A, Series B and Series C may be issued
       hereunder ot the extent of sixty per cent (60%) of
       net bondable expenditures for property additions as
       shown by the certificate of net bondable
       expenditures required by subparagraph (1) of
       Section 4.05 hereof provided that the earnings
       available for interest charges as shown by the
       certificate required by subparagraph (3) of said
       Section 4.05 hereof are equal at least to two (2)
       times the annual interest requirements stated in
       such certificate.

     Section 4.03. The Series I Bonds issued under this Eighth
Supplemental Indenture are subject not only to the terms of the
Original Indenture but also to all amendments to the Original
Indenture set forth in supplemental indentures thereto,
including, without limitation, pursuant to the Fourth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 1984.

                          ARTICLE FIVE
                    Miscellaneous Provisions

     Section 5.01.  The Company covenants that, except as to that
part of the trust estate which may hereafter be acquired by it,
it is now well seized of the physical properties by it hereby
mortgaged or intended so to be and has good right, full power,
and lawful authority to make this Eighth Supplemental Indenture
and to subject such physical properties to the lien of the
Original Indenture as heretofore and hereby supplemented; and
that, subject to the provisions of the Original Indenture as
heretofore and hereby supplemented, it has and will preserve good
and indefeasible title to all such physical properties and will
warrant and forever defend the same to the Trustee against the
claims of all persons whomsoever.

     Section 5.02.  The use of terms and the construction of the
provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the definitions,
uses and constructions contained in the Original Indenture as
heretofore and hereby supplemented.

     Section 5.03.  The Trustee shall be entitled to, may
exercise and shall be protected by, where and to the full extent
that the same are applicable, with respect to the Series I bonds
herein provided for, all the rights, powers, privileges,
immunities and exemptions provided in the Original Indenture as
so supplemented as if the provisions concerning the same were
incorporated herein at length.  The Trustee under the Original
Indenture shall ex officio be Trustee hereunder.  The recitals
and statements in this Eighth Supplemental Indenture and in the
Series I bonds (other than the Trustee's Certificate attached
thereto) shall be taken as statements by the Company alone, and
shall not be considered as made by or as imposing any obligation
or liability upon the Trustee, nor shall the Trustee be held
responsible for the legality or validity of this Supplemental
Indenture or of the Series I bonds, and the Trustee makes no
covenant or representation, and shall not be responsible, as to
and for the effect, authorization, execution, delivery or
recording of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture.  The Trustee
shall not be taken impliedly to waive by this Eighth Supplemental
Indenture any right it would otherwise have.  As provided in the
Original Indenture, this Eighth Supplemental Indenture shall
hereafter form a part of the Original Indenture as heretofore
supplemented.

     The remedies and provisions of the Original Indenture as so
supplemented applicable in case of any default by the Company
thereunder are hereby adopted and made applicable in case of any
default with respect to the properties included herein and,
without limitation of the generality of the foregoing, there are
hereby conferred upon the Trustee the same powers of sale and
other powers over the properties described herein as are
expressly to be conferred by the Original Indenture as heretofore
supplemented.

     Section 5.04.  This Eighth Supplemental Indenture shall
become void when the Original Indenture shall be void.

     Section 5.05.  This Eighth Supplemental Indenture may be
simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which
shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one
and the same instrument.

     Section 5.06.  The cover of this Supplemental Indenture and
all article and descriptive headings herein are inserted for
convenience only, and shall not affect any construction or
interpretation hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Concord Electric Company has caused this
instrument to be executed in its corporate name by its president,
one of its Vice Presidents or its Treasurer and its corporate
seal to be hereunto affixed and to be attested by the Secretary
of the Board of Directors or its Secretary, and The First
National Bank of Boston, to evidence its acceptance of the trust
hereby created, has caused this instrument to be executed in its
corporate name and its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed by
one of its Authorized Officers, all as of the day and year first
above written.

Attest:                       CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY

Gail A. Siart                 By: Mark H.Collin
Secretary                         Treasurer

                        (Corporate Seal)


Signed, sealed and delivered by
     Concord Electric Company
     in the presence of us:

Sandra L. Walker

Ellen L. Belanger


                              THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                        Trustee

                              By:__Sean P. George____________
                                 Authorized Officer

                                   (Corporate Seal)
               

Signed, sealed and delivered by
     The First National Bank of Boston
     in the presence of us:

__________________________

__________________________


STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
COUNTY OF ROCKINGHAM, SS.

     On this 13th  day of October, 1994, before me personally
appeared Mark H. Collin, to me personally known, who, being by me
duly sworn, did say that he is the Treasurer of Concord Electric
Company, that the seal affixed to the foregoing instrument was
signed and sealed by him on behalf of said corporation by
authority of its Board of Directors; and the said Mark H. Collin 
acknowledged said instrument to be the free act and deed of said
corporation.

                                   Wilbur R. Ralph
                                   Notary Public
                                   My commission Expires:

                                        (Notarial Seal)


COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS
COUNTY OF SUFFOLK, ss.

     On this 12th day of October, 1994, before me personally
appeared  J. E. Mogavero, to me personally known, who being by me
duly sworn, did say that she is an Authorized Officer of The
First National Bank of Boston, and that the foregoing instrument
was signed by her on behalf of said Bank by authority of its
Board of Directors; and the said acknowledged said
instrument to be the free act and deed of said Bank.

                                   Shawn Patrick George
                                   Notary Public
                                   My Commission Expires:

                                        (Notarial Seal)


                           ENDORSEMENT

     The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee, being the
Mortgagee under the foregoing Eighth Supplemental Indenture,
hereby consents to the cutting of any timber standing upon any of
the lands conveyed by the said Eighth Supplemental Indenture and
to the sale of any such timber so cut as well as any personal
property conveyed by said Eighth Supplemental Indenture to the
extent, but only to the extent, that such cutting and sale is
permitted under the provisions of the Mortgage referred to in
said Eighth Supplemental Indenture.

     Dated:         Boston, Massachusetts, October 12, 1994.


                              THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                   Trustee

                              By:  ______________________________
                                   Authorized Officer

Signed on behalf of The First
National Bank of Boston in the
presence of us:

__________________________

__________________________


                    CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY
                  Eighth SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
                           SCHEDULE A

            Description of Certain Land and Easements
         Acquired by the Company since August 29, 1991*


I.   PARCELS ACQUIRED

     None since date set forth above.

II.  EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS ACQUIRED FOR TRANSMISSION LINE PURPOSES

     None since date set forth above.

III. LEASEHOLD INTEREST

     Acquired a leasehold interest in a certain parcel of land
     located on teh southerly side of U.S. Route 4 in Epsom, New
     Hampshire for use as a step-down transformer location, a
     "mobil sub", and any appurtenent equipment necessary or
     conveneint for the operation thereof pursuant to a Lease
     Agreement between Dennis Nolin and David Pauliotte and
     Concord Electric Company dated May 28, 1993 and recorded in
     the Merrimack County Registry of Deeds, Book 1917, Page
     1853, for a term of five years and a renewal option for an
     additional five year term.



* All conveyances relate to premises located in Merrimack County,
New Hampshire and all recording references are to records on file
at the Merrimack County Registry of Deeds, Concord, New
Hampshire.



            Description of Certain Land and Easement
          Conveyed by the Company since August 29, 1991 (1)


I.   PARCELS CONVEYED

     Conveyed to the State of New Hampshire by condemnation a
     tract of land located on the southerly side of Route 4 in
     the Town of Chichester, County of Merrimack, dated
     September 4, 1991 and recorded in Merrimack County Registry
     of Deeds, Book 1866, Page 1358.

II.  EASEMENTS AND OTHER RIGHTS CONVEYED

     Conveyed a Thirty (30) foot right of way to NE Tel. and
     Tel. Co. by Quitclaim deed dated February 3, 1992. Proeprty
     located at Penacook Substation on the northerly side of
     Abbot Road and recorded in Merrimack County Registry of
     Deeds in Book 1876, Page 0739.
     
(1) All conveyances relate to premises in Merrimack County, New Hampshire,
    and all recording references are to records at the Merrimack County
    Registry of Deeds, Concord, New Hampshire.



                           SCHEDULE B

     (Form of Series I Fully Registered Bond without Coupons)

No. IR                                            $ . . . . . . . 


                    CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY


              FIRST MORTGAGE BOND, Series I, 8.49%

                      DUE OCTOBER 14, 2024 


     Concord Electric Company, a corporation of the State of New
Hampshire (hereinafter called the "Company"), for value received,
hereby promises to pay to                                      , 
 or registered assigns, on the fourteenth day of October, 2024,
the principal sum of
Dollars ($               ) and to pay interest thereon from the
date hereof at the rate of eight and forty-nine hundredths per
centum (8.49%) per annum (computed on the basis of a thirty (30)
day month and a three hundred sixty (360) day year) payable
semiannually on the first day of April and the first day of
October in each year, commencing with the first day of April,
1995, until said principal sum is paid; and to pay interest on
any overdue principal (including any overdue prepayment of
principal) and premium, if any, and (to the extent permitted by
applicable law) on any overdue payment of interest at the rate of
 9.49% per annum.  The principal of, premium, if any, and the
interest on this bond shall be payable at the principal corporate
trust office of The First National Bank of Boston, in Boston,
Massachusetts, or at the principal corporate trust office of its
successor as Trustee of the trust hereinafter referred to, or at
the option of certain holders in accordance with the provisions
of Section 1.01 of the Eighth Supplemental Indenture hereinafter
referred to, in lawful money of the United States of America.

     This bond is one of a duly authorized issue of First
Mortgage Bonds of the Company limited as to aggregate principal
amount as set forth in the Indenture hereinafter mentioned,
issuable in series, and is one of a series know as First Mortgage
Bonds, Series I, all bonds of all series being issued and to be
issued under and pursuant to and all equally secured (except as
any sinking or other fund, established in accordance with the
provisions of the Indenture hereinafter mentioned, may afford
additional security for the bonds of any particular series) by an
Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of July 15, 1958
(herein called the "Original Indenture") duly executed and
delivered by the Company to Old Colony Trust Company (The First
National Bank of Boston being successor Trustee and together with
Old Colony Trust Company being called the "Trustee"), to which
Original Indenture and to all Indentures supplemental thereto,
including an Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October
14, 1994 (herein together called the "Indenture") reference is
hereby made for a description of the property transferred,
assigned and mortgaged thereunder, the nature and extent of the
security, the terms and conditions upon which the bonds are
secured and additional bonds may be issued and secured, and the
rights of the holders or registered owners of said bonds, of the
Trustee and of the Company in respect of such security.  Neither
the foregoing reference to the Indenture, nor any provision of
this bond or of the Indenture, shall affect or impair the
obligation of the Company, which is absolute, unconditional and
unalterable, to pay, at the stated or accelerated maturities
herein provided, the principal of and premium, if any, and
interest on this bond as herein provided.

     Bonds of this Series I are entitled to the benefit of a
required sinking fund and an optional sinking fund provided for
in the Indenture and shall become subject to redemption for the
purposes of such sinking funds at the principal amount thereof
without premium, plus interest accrued thereon to the date of
such redemption, all on the conditions and in the manner provided
in the Indenture.

     Bonds of this Series I are also redeemable, in whole or in
part, in integral multiples of one hundred thousand dollars, at
the option of the Company on any date on at least 30 days'
notice, in the manner, with the effect, subject to the
limitations and for the amounts specified in Section 1.04 of the
Indenture.

     On the conditions and in the manner provided in the Section
1.05 of the Indenture, Series I bonds may also become subject to
redemption, in whole or in part, at any time on at least 30 days'
notice, in the manner, with the effect and for the amounts
specified in said Section 1.05, by the use of moneys deposited
with or paid to the Trustee as the proceeds of the sale or
condemnation of property of the Company or as the proceeds of
insurance policies deposited with or paid to the Trustee because
of damage to or destruction of property of the Company.

     In the event that all or any part of the bonds of this
Series I shall be redeemed or otherwise discharged prior to their
maturity pursuant to or in accordance with the order of any
governmental commission or regulatory authority upon the
reorganization, dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or
otherwise, the registered owners of such Series I bonds shall be
entitled to be paid therefor an amount specified in Section 1.06
of the Indenture.

     The Indenture provides that, if notice of redemption of any
bond issued pursuant to its terms, including the Series I bonds,
or of any portion of the principal amount of any such bond
selected for redemption has been duly given, then such bond or
such portion thereof shall become due and payable on the
redemption date, and, if the redemption price shall have been
duly deposited with the Trustee, interest thereon shall cease to
accrue from and after the redemption date, and that whenever the
redemption price thereof shall have been duly deposited with the
Trustee and notice of redemption shall have been duly given, or
provision thereof made as provided in the Indenture, such bond or
such portion thereof shall no longer be entitled to any lien or
benefit of the Indenture.

     In case an event of default, as defined in the Indenture,
occurs, the principal of this bond may become or may be declared
due and payable prior to the stated maturity hereof in the manner
and with the effect and subject to the conditions provided in the
Indenture.

     This bond is transferable by the registered owner hereof, in
person or by duly authorized attorney, upon books of the Company
to be kept for that purpose at the corporate trust office of the
Trustee under the Indenture, upon surrender thereof at said
office for cancellation and upon presentation of a written
instrument of transfer duly executed, and thereupon the Company
shall issue in the name of the transferee or transferees, and the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new registered bond or
bonds, of like form and in an authorized denomination or in
authorized denominations and of the same series, for the same
aggregate principal amount.  Bonds of Series I upon surrender
thereof at said office may be exchanged for the same aggregate
principal amount of fully registered bonds of Series I of another
authorized denomination or other authorized denominations,
all-upon payment of the charges, if any, and subject to the terms
and conditions specified in the Indenture.

     The Company and the Trustee may treat the registered owner
of this bond as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes.

     With the consent of the Company and to the extent permitted
by and as provided in the Indenture, any of the provisions of the
Indenture or of any instrument supplemental thereto may be
modified by the assent or authority of the holders of at least
seventy-five per centum (75%) in principal amount of the bonds
then outstanding thereunder, provided, however, that no such
modification shall (i) extend the time or times or payment of the
principal of, or the interest or premium, if any, on any bond,
(ii) reduce the principal amount thereof or the rate of interest
or premium thereon, (iii) authorize the creation of any lien
prior or equal to the lien of the Indenture upon any property
subject to the lien thereof, or deprive any bondholder of the
benefit of the lien of the Indenture, (iv) affect the rights
under the Indenture of the holders of one or more, but less than
all, of the series of bonds outstanding thereunder unless
assented to by the holders of seventy-five per centum (75%) in
aggregate principal amount of bonds outstanding thereunder of
each of the series so affected, (v) reduce the percentage of
bonds, the holders of which are required to assent to any such
modification, or (vi) in any manner affect the rights or
obligations of the Trustee without its written consent thereto.

     No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of
or the interest on this bond or of any claim based hereon or in
respect hereof or of the Indenture, against any incorporator,
stockholder, officer or director of the Company, or of any
successor company, whether by virtue of any statute or rule of
law or by the enforcement of any assessment of penalty or
otherwise, all such liability being by the acceptance hereof
expressly waived and released and being also waived and released
by the terms of the Indenture.

     This bond shall not be valid nor become obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been authenticated by the execution
of the certificate hereon endorsed by the Trustee under the
Indenture.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Concord Electric Company has caused this
bond to be signed in its name by its President or one of its Vice
Presidents and its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and
attested by its Treasurer or one of its Assistant Treasurers, and
this bond to be dated the     day of                  , 1994.

                              CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY

                              By ________________________________
                                 President



                                        (Corporate Seal)

ATTEST: ______________________
          Treasurer
(Form of Trustee's Certificate for all Bonds of Series I)

This is one of the First Mortgage Bonds, Series I, referred to in
the within mentioned Indenture.

                              THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON
                                        Trustee

                              By: _______________________________
                                   Authorized Officer



     (Form of Notation of Payments on Account of Principal)

                PAYMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF PRINCIPAL


_________________________________________________________________
Date           Amount Paid         Signature
_________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________



                      (Form of Endorsement)

     FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and
transfers unto                                      the within
bond, and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing                                         attorney
to transfer said bond on the books of the Company, with full
power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: ______________         ___________________________________
                              Signature of Registered Owner

In the presence of ________________________________

     NOTICE:  The signature of this assignment must correspond
with the name of the payee as it appears upon the face of the
within bond in every particular, without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatever.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.17
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC COMPANY TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
<TEXT>




                EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC COMPANY

                               TO

           THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, TRUSTEE


                       __________________


                              TENTH

                     SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

                  Dated as of October 14, 1994

                       ___________________

               Additional Issue (Series K, 8.49%,
                      due October 14, 2024)

                           $9,000,000 



- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



          Recorded Rockingham County Registry of Deeds
              Book      , Page      , 19       A.M.



     THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated and entered into as of
October 14, 1994, by and between EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC
COMPANY, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws
of The State of New Hampshire (hereinafter commonly referred to
as the "Company") (its Federal tax identification number being
02-0131510) and THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, a national
banking association, as successor Trustee to OLD COLONY TRUST
COMPANY under the Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust
referred to in the first recital hereof (hereinafter, together,
as appropriate, with Old Colony Trust Company commonly referred
to as the "Trustee") (its Federal tax identification number being
04-2472499),

                           WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS the Company heretofore duly executed and delivered
to the Trustee its Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust
(hereinafter generally referred to as the "Original Indenture"
and sometimes referred to, with each and every other instrument,
including this Supplemental Indenture, which the Company may
execute with the Trustee pursuant to the provisions thereof and
which is therein stated to be supplemental to the Original
Indenture, as the "Mortgage"), dated as of December 1, 1952, but
actually executed on December 5, 1952, and recorded, among other
places, in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, Registry of Deeds,
Volume 1268, Page 375, and in the Office of the Town Clerk of the
Town of Exeter, New Hampshire, Mortgage Records, Book 15, Page
501, to which this instrument is supplemental, a First
Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of January 16, 1956,, a
Second Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of January 15,
1960, a Third Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of June 1,
1964, a Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of January
15, 1968, a Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of
November 15, 1971, a Sixth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated
as of April 1, 1974, a Seventh Supplemental Indenture thereto
dated as of December 15, 1977, an Eighth Supplemental Indenture
thereto dated as of October 28, 1987, and a Ninth Supplemental
Indenture thereto dated as of August 29, 1991, whereby
substantially all the properties of the Company used by it in its
electric utility business, whether then owned or thereafter
acquired, with certain exceptions and reservations fully set
forth in the Original Indenture and in said Supplemental
Indentures, were given, granted, bargained, sold, warranted,
pledged, assigned, transferred, mortgaged and conveyed to the
Trustee, its successors and assigns, in trust upon the terms and
conditions set forth therein to secure bonds of the company
issued and to be issued thereunder (together the "bonds"), and
for other purposes more particularly specified therein; and

     WHEREAS, on January 4, 1971 Old Colony Trust Company was
merged into The First National Bank of Boston, which thereupon
succeeded to the trusts under the Original Indenture and the
Supplemental Indentures thereto; and

     WHEREAS, there are now outstanding under the Mortgage
$518,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series E,
$1,235,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series F,
$930,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series G,
$1,120,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series H,
$600,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, Series I,
and $5,000,000 in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds,
Series J, and the Company presently proposes to issue $9,000,000
in principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds, of a new series to
be designated First Mortgage Bonds, Series K (hereinafter
sometimes referred to as "Series K bonds" or "bonds of Series K);
and

     WHEREAS all things have been done and performed which are
necessary to make the Series K bonds, when authenticated by the
Trustee and issued as in the Original Indenture and herein
provided, legal valid and binding obligations of the Company;

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the
acceptance and purchase of the Series K bonds by the holders
thereof, and of other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and in confirmation of
and supplementing the Original Indenture and each of the said
Supplemental Indentures thereto and in performance of and
compliance with the provisions thereof, the Company, by these
presents, does give, grant, bargain, sell, warrant, pledge,
assign,, transfer, mortgage and convey unto the Trustee and its
successor or successors in the trust thereby and hereby created,
and its and their assigns, as provided in the Original Indenture
and said Supplemental Indentures, all and singular, the property
and rights and interests in property, described and thereby
conveyed, pledged, assigned, transferred and mortgaged, or
intended or required so to be (said descriptions in the Original
Indenture and said Supplemental Indentures being hereby made a
part hereof to the same extent as if set forth herein at length),
whether then or now owned or thereafter or hereafter acquired,
except such of said properties or interests therein as may have
been released by the Trustee or sold or disposed of in whole or
in part as permitted by the provisions of the Original Indenture
or any such Supplemental Indenture, and also, but without in any
way limiting the generality of the foregoing, all the right,
title and interest of the Company in and to the franchises,
rights, titles, interests, easements and properties described in
Schedule A hereto attached and hereby made a part hereof as full
as if set forth herein at length, and all proceeds of any of the
foregoing at any time conveyed, pledged, assigned, transferred, 
mortgaged, paid or delivered to and from time to time held by the
Trustee upon the trusts of the Mortgage.

     SUBJECT, HOWEVER, insofar as affected thereby, to any
permitted encumbrances as defined in Section 1.01 of the Original
Indenture, and, as to the property specifically described in
Schedule A of the Original Indenture and said several
Supplemental Indentures and in Schedule A hereof, to the liens,
encumbrances, reservations, restrictions, conditions,
limitations, covenants, interests and exceptions, if any, set
forth or referred to in the descriptions thereof contained in
said Schedules, none of which substantially interferes with the
free use and enjoyment by the Company of the property and rights
hereinabove described for the general purposes and uses of the
Company's electric business;

     AND SUBJECT FURTHER, as to all hereafter-acquired property,
insofar as affected thereby, to any mortgages, encumbrances or
liens on such after-acquired property existing at the time of
such acquisition or contemporaneously created, conforming to the
provisions of Section 8.07 of the Original Indenture;

     BUT SPECIFICALLY RESERVING, EXCEPTING AND EXCLUDING from
this instrument, and from the grant, conveyance, mortgage,
transfer and assignment herein contained, all right, title and
interest of the Company, now owned or hereafter acquired in and
to properties and rights of the kind specified in subclauses (a)
to (d), both inclusive, of the granting clauses, on pages 16-17,
of the Original Indenture (as amended by Section 8.03A of the
Eighth Supplemental Indenture);

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the trust estate described above, with all of
the privileges and appurtenances thereunto belonging, unto the
Trustee, its successors in the trusts of the Mortgage, and its
and their assigns, to its and their own use, forever;

BUT IN TRUST NEVERTHELESS, upon the terms and trusts set forth in
the Mortgage, for the equal pro rata benefit, security and
protection (except as provided in Section 8.14 of the Original
Indenture and except insofar as a sinking, improvement or
analogous fund or funds, established in accordance with the
provisions of the Original Indenture, or any indenture
supplemental thereto, may afford particular security for bonds of
one or more series) of the bearers and the registered owners of
the bonds from time to time authenticated, issued and outstanding
under the Mortgage, and the bearers of the coupons appertaining
thereto, without (except as aforesaid) any preference, priority
or distinction whatever of any one bond over any other bond by
reason of priority in the issue, sale or negotiation thereof, or
otherwise;

     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, and these presents are upon the condition
that, if the Company shall pay or cause to be paid the principal
of and premium, if any, and interest on the bonds at the times
and in the manner therein and in the Mortgage provided, and shall
keep, perform and observe all and singular the covenants
expressed to be kept, performed and observed by or on the part of
the Company, then this Supplemental Indenture and the estate and
rights hereby granted shall, pursuant to the provisions of
Article Fourteen of the Original Indenture, cease, determine and
be void, but otherwise shall be and remain in full force and
effect.
     AND IT IS HEREBY COVENANTED, DECLARED AND AGREED, upon the
trusts and for the purposes aforesaid, as set forth in the
following covenants, agreements, conditions and provisions, to
wit:

                             PART I

              CREATION AND TERMS OF SERIES K BONDS

                           ARTICLE ONE

                   Creation of Series K Bonds

     Section 1.01.  There shall be and is hereby created an
additional series of bonds designated as and entitled "First
Mortgage Bonds, Series K."  Series K bonds shall be fully
registered bonds without coupons, of the denomination of $1,000
and multiples thereof.  The registered bonds of Series K
originally issued shall be dated the date of such issue and any
bonds of Series K subsequently issues shall be dated as provided
in Section 1.04 of the Original Indenture.  All Series K bonds
shall mature on October 14, 2024 and shall bear interest at the
rate of eight and forty-nine one hundredths percent (8.49%) per
annum from their respective dates of issue, such interest to be
payable semi-annually on the fourteenth day of April and the
fourteenth day of October in each year commencing the fourteenth
day of April, 1995, and shall bear interest on any overdue
principal (including any overdue prepayment of principal) and
premium, if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable law)
on any overdue payment of interest, at the rate of 9.49% per
annum.  Both the principal of and interest on bonds of Series K
shall be payable at the principal corporate trust office of The
First National Bank of Boston, Boston, Massachusetts or at the
principal corporate trust office of its successor as Trustee
hereunder, in lawful money of the United States of America
provided that the Company may enter into a written agreement with
any registered Institutional Holder of the bonds of Series K
providing that payment of interest thereon and of the redemption
price on any portion of the principal amount thereof (including
premium, if any) which may be redeemed shall be made directly to
such holder or to its nominee, as the case may be, at a duly
designated place of payment within the United States, without
surrender or presentation of such bonds of Series K to the
Trustee, provided that (A) there shall have been filed with the
Trustee a copy of such agreement and (B) pursuant to such
agreement such holder shall agree that it will not sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of any such bonds of series K in respect of
which any such payment or redemption shall have been made unless,
prior to the delivery thereof by it, either (i) it shall have
made a clear and accurate notation of the amount of principal so
redeemed upon any such bond instrument to be transferred, or (ii)
such bond of Series K shall have been presented to the Trustee
for appropriate notation thereon of the portion of the principal
amount thereof redeemed, or (iii) such bond or bonds of Series K
shall have been surrendered in exchange for a new bond or bonds
of Series K for the unredeemed balance of the principal amount
thereof in accordance with the other terms of the Mortgage. For
purposes of this Section 1.01, the term "Institutional Holder"
shall mean any insurance company, bank, savings and loan
association, trust compnay, investment company, charitable
foundation, employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) or other
institutional investor or financial institution. The texts of the
Series K bonds and the Trustee's certificate with respect to them
shall be respectively substantially of the tenor and purport set
forth in Schedule B hereto.  The Series K bonds shall be numbered
in such manner or by such method as shall be satisfactory to the
Trustee.

     The issue of bonds of Series K hereunder is hereby limited
to the $9,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Series K bonds
initially issued as provided in Section 1.08 hereof and to Series
K bonds issued in exchange or substitution for outstanding Series
K bonds under the provisions of Sections 2.09, 2.11, 2.12 and
7.05 of the Original Indenture and of Section 1.07 hereof (except
that despite the provisions of Section 2.09 of the Original
Indenture no bonds of Series K may be converted from registered
to coupon form).

     Section 1.02.  As a required sinking fund for the benefit of
the Series I bonds, the Company covenants that it will, on
October 13 in each year, beginning on October 13, 2015, and
continuing to and including October 13, 2024, pay to the Trustee
immediately available funds sufficient to redeem, at par, Series
K bonds then outstanding, in the principal amount of
Nine HundredThousand Dollars ($900,000)(or the remaining
principal amount if less than $900,000 principal amount of Series
K bonds at the time remains outstanding).  The payments required
for the sinking fund as above provided are in this Section 1.02
and elsewhere in this Tenth Supplemental Indenture referred to as
"required sinking fund payments" and the day following each such
payment is herein and therein referred to as a "required sinking
fund redemption date".  Each required sinking fund payment shall
be applied to the redemption of Series K bonds on the applicable
required sinking fund redemption date.

     No redemption under Section 1.03, 1.04, 1.05 or 1.06 hereof
shall affect or reduce the obligation of the Company to provide
for required sinking fund redemptions under this Section 1.02
until all Series K bonds shall have been paid in full.

     Section 1.03.  At the same time it makes any required
sinking fund payment, the Company shall have the option (which
shall be non-cumulative) to pay to the Trustee, in immediately
available funds, an additional principal amount of Nine Hundred
Thoursand Dollars ($900,000)(in this Section 1.03 and elsewhere
in this Tenth Supplemental Indenture referred to as an "optional
sinking fund payment"), provided, that the cumulative amount of
all optional sinking fund payments pursuant to this Section 1.03
shall not exceed One Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars
($1,800.000) and each such optional sinking fund payment shall be
aplied to the redemption of Series K bonds or the required
sinking fund redemption date for such sinking fund payment.  The
Company will give notice, by registered mail, postage prepaid, to
the Trustee and to each registered owner of a bond of Series K of
any required or optional payment to be made pursuant to Section
1.02 or this Section 1.03 or Section 1.04 or Section 1.05  hereof
not more than 60, nor less than 30, days prior to the required
sinking fund redemption date (or other designated date of
redemption in the case of a redemption pursuant to Section 1.04
or Section 1.05).

     Section 1.04.  In addition to the required and optional
sinking funds provided by Sections 1.02 and 1.03 hereof, all of
the bonds of Series K, or any part of the principal amount
thereof constituting One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or
any integral multiple thereof, shall be subject to redemption, at
the option of the Company, on any date on or after October 14,
1994 and before October 14, 2019, pursuant to the provisions of
Article Seven of the Original Indenture, and by payment of an
amount equal to the Make Whole Amount, as defined below in this
Section 1.04.  In addition to the foregoing, on any date on or
after October 14, 2019, all of the bonds of Series K, or any part
of the principal amount thereof constituting One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000) or any integral multiple thereof, shall be
subject to redemption, at the option of the Company, by payment
of the interest accrued on  the principal amount of the bond or
bonds optionally to be redeemed to the date fixed for such
redemption plus an amount equal to the applicable percentage of
the principal amount thereof as follows:

 
     Date Fixed for Redemption                         Premium

If redeemed on or after October
     14, 2019 and before October 14, 2020   . . . . . . . 101.5%
On or after October 14, 2020 and
     before    October 14, 2021             . . . . . . . 101.0%  
On or after October 14, 2021 and
     before October 14, 2022                . . . . . . . 100.5%
On or after October 14, 2022 and             
     prior to maturity                      . . . . . . . 100.0%

     For purposes of this Section 1.04, the Make Whole Amount
shall mean the greater of (i) the outstanding principal amount of
the bonds to be redeemed, plus interest accrued thereon to the
date fixed for such redemption, and (ii) the sum of (A) the
aggregate present value as of the date of such redemption of each
dollar of principal being redeemed (taking into account each
redemption required by Section 1.02 above) and the amount of
interest (exclusive of interest accrued to the date fixed for
such redemption) that would have been payable in respect of each
such dollar if such redemption had not been made, determined by
discounting such amounts at the Reinvestment Rate (as hereinafter
defined) from the respective dates on which they would have been
payable to the date of such redemption, plus (B) interest accrued
on the bonds to the date fixed for such redemption.

     For purposes of any determination of the Make Whole Amount:

          "Reinvestment Rate" shall mean the sum of (i) 0.50%
     plus (ii) the arithmetic mean of the yields for the two
     columns under the heading "Week Ending" published in the
     Statistical Release under the caption "Treasury Constant
     Maturities" for the maturity (rounded to the nearest month)
     corresponding to the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of
     the principal amount of the bonds being redeemed (taking
     into account each redemption required by Section 1.02).  If
     no maturity exactly corresponds to such Weighted Average
     Life to Maturity, yields for the published maturity next
     longer than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity and for
     the published maturity next shorter than the Average
     Weighted Life to Maturity shall be calculated pursuant to
     the immediately preceding sentence, and the Reinvestment
     Rate shall be interpolated from such yields on a
     straight-line basis, rounding in each of such relevant
     periods to the nearest month.  For the purposes of
     calculating the Reinvestment Rate, the most recent
     Statistical Release published prior to the date of
     determination of the Make Whole Amount shall be used.

          "Statistical Release" shall mean the then most
     recently published statistical release designated
     "H.15(519)" or any successor publication which is published
     weekly by the Federal Reserve System and which establishes
     yields on actively traded U.S. Government Securities
     adjusted to constant maturities or, if such statistical
     release is not published at the time of any determination
     hereunder, then such other reasonably comparable index
     which shall be designated by the holders of 66 2/3% in
     aggregate principal amount of outstanding series K bonds.

          "Weighted Average Life to Maturity" of the principal
     amount of the bonds being redeemed shall mean, as of the
     time of any determination thereof, the number of years
     obtained by dividing the then Remaining Dollar-Years of
     such principal by the aggregate amount of such principal. 
     The term "Remaining Dollar-Years" of such principal shall
     mean the amount obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the
     remainder of (1) the amount of principal that would have
     been payable on each scheduled redemption date under
     Sections 1.02  hereof if the redemption pursuant to this
     Section 1.04 had not been made,   less (2) the amount of
     principal on the bonds scheduled to become payable on each
     such redemption date under Sections 1.02 after giving
     effect to the redemption pursuant to this Section 1.04, by
     (y) the number of years (calculated to the nearest
     one-twelfth) which will elapse between the date of
     determination and each such scheduled redemption date under
     Sections 1.02, and (ii) totalling the products obtained in
     (i).

     Section 1.05.  Series K bonds may be redeemed pursuant to
Article Twelve of the Original Indenture (i) out of release
moneys or other trust moneys, required by Section 8.12 of the
Original Indenture to be deposited with the Trustee, on any date
and shall be redeemed for an amount equal to the principal amount
of the bonds to be redeemed, plus interest accrued to the date of
redemption;  or (ii) out of release moneys or other trust moneys
required by Sections 8.10, 11.03 or 11.04 or the Original
Indenture to be deposited with the Trustee, on any date and, if
redeemed prior to October 14, 2019, then they shall be redeemed
for an amount equal to the Make Whole Amount,  as defined above
in Section 1.04, and if redeemed on any date onor after October
14, 2019, then they shall be redeemed for an amount of the bond
or bonds to be redeemed to the date fixed for redemption, plus an
amount equal to the applicable percentage fo the principal amount
thereof set forth in Section 1.04, above, for optional
redemptions occurring on or after October 14, 2019. 

     Section 1.06.  In the event that all or any part of the
bonds of Series K shall be redeemed or otherwise discharged prior
to their maturity pursuant to or in accordance with the order of
any governmental commission or regulatory authority upon the
reorganization, dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or
otherwise, the registered owners of such bonds of Series K shall
be entitled to be paid therefor an amount equal to the Make Whole
Amount, if such redemption or discharge occurs prior to October
14, 2019, or, if such redemption or discharge occurs on or after
October 14, 2019, then the registered owners of such bonds shall
be entitled to be paid thereafter an amount equal to the 
interest accrued to the date of redemption, plus an amount equal
to the then applicable percentage of the principal amount thereof
provided in Section 1.04, above, for optional redemptions on or
after such date.

     Section 1.07.  Fully registered bonds of Series K, upon
surrender thereof at the principal office of the Trustee, may be
exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of other fully
registered bonds of this Series.

     Within a reasonable time after the receipt of a request for
such an exchange, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver all bonds required in connection
therewith, and the Trustee shall make such exchange upon payment
to it of such charge, if any, as is required by the following
paragraph.

     For any exchange of bonds of Series K, the Company, at its
option, may require the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse
it for any stamp or other tax or governmental charge required to
be paid by the Company or the Trustee.

     Section 1.08.  Upon the execution of this Supplemental
Indenture and upon compliance with all applicable provisions of
Articles Four and Five of the Original Indenture, the Company
shall execute and deliver to the Trustee, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to or upon the Order of the Company,
bonds of Series K in the form of registered bonds without coupons
in the aggregate principal amount of Nine Million Dollars
($9,000,000).

                           ARTICLE TWO

                           Redemption

     Section 2.01.  In the case of any required or optional
sinking fund redemption pursuant to Sections 1.02 and 1.03
hereof, forthwith after the September 14 preceding each required
sinking fund payment date, and in the case of any proposed
redemption pursuant to Sections 1.04 or 1.05, forthwith after the
Trustee's receipt of proper notice from the Company of any such
proposed redemption, the Trustee, pursuant to the provisions of
Article Seven of  the Original Indenture,  shall

          (a) select for redemption a principal amount of Series
     K bonds equal to the amount to be redeemed on the next
     ensuing required sinking fund payment date or designated
     optional redemption date, as the case may be, so that the
     principal amount to be redeemed of bonds of such series
     then held by each holder shall bear the same ratio to the
     total principal amount of all bonds of such series then to
     be redeemed as the total principal amount of all bonds of
     such series then held by such holder bears to the total
     principal amount of all bonds of such series then
     outstanding;

          (b) notify the Company of the bonds or portions
     thereof to be so redeemed; and

          (c) give notice of redemption of such bonds or
     portion's thereof, as provided in Sections 7.02, 7.03, 7.04
     and 7.05 of the Original Indenture, to take effect on the
     then ensuing sinking fund payment date for such bonds.

     The Company covenants that it will pay to the Trustee

          i)   on or before the day prior to each required
          sinking fund payment date, the sum required by Section
          1.02 hereof, plus the sum, if any, payable in
          accordance with any notice of optional redemption
          delivered prior to such required sinking fund payment
          date pursuant to Section 1.03 hereof,

          ii)  on or before the day prior to the date proposed
          by the Company in a notice (which notice shall conform
          to the requirements of Article Seven of the Original
          Indenture) of any redemption pursuant to Section 1.04
          or 1.05 hereof, the amount payable in accordance with
          such notice, and

           iii)     the amount of reimbursable charges and
          expenses which the Trustee has incurred or will incur
          in connection with such redemption.
     
                          ARTICLE THREE

                    Covenants of the Company

     Section 3.01.  The Company covenants that it will not
declare dividends (other than in its own common stock) or make
any other distribution on shares of its common stock or apply any
of its property or assets (other than amounts equal to any
proceeds received from the sale of common stock of the Company)
to the purchase or retirement of or make any distribution,
through reduction of capital or otherwise, in respect of any
shares of its common stock, if, after giving effect to such
distribution, the aggregate of all such distributions declared,
paid, made or applied subsequent to December 31, 1993 plus the
amount of all dividends declared or accrued on any class of
preferred stock of the Company, subsequent to December 31, 1993,
and any amounts charged to net income after December 31, 1993 in
connection with the purchase or retirement of any shares of
preferred stock of the Company, would exceed an amount equal to
net income of the Company available for dividends after December
31, 1993, plus the sum of $7,225,000.

     The term "net income" as applied to any period shall mean
the net income (or deficit) of the Company for such period
properly transferrable to its earned surplus, all computed, if a
uniform system of accounts is prescribed by any commission or
other governmental body having jurisdiction in the premises, in
accordance with such uniform system; otherwise in accordance with
accepted accounting practice, and in any event by deducting from
the aggregate gross revenues of the Company for such period all
expenses required to be deducted in computing earnings available
for interest charges for such period in accordance with Section
4.02 of the Original Indenture (as amended by Section 5.01 of the
Eighth Supplemental Indenture), and also by deducting all
interest requirements, taxes, amortization of debt discount and
expense and other deferred charges, and all other non-operating
expenses for such period.

                          ARTICLE FOUR

                 Reaffirmation of Covenants and
                Warranties of Original Indenture

     Section 4.01.  The Company covenants that, except as to that
part of the trust estate which may hereafter be acquired by it,
it is now well seized of the physical properties by it hereby
mortgaged or intended so to be and has good right, full power,
and lawful authority to make this Supplemental Indenture and to
subject such physical properties to the lien of the Original
Indenture as heretofore and hereby supplemented; and that,
subject to the provisions of the Original Indenture as heretofore
and hereby supplemented, it has and will preserve good and
indefeasible title to all such physical properties and will
warrant and forever defend the same to the Trustee against the
claims of all persons whomsoever.

     Section 4.02.  The Trustee shall be entitled to, may
exercise and shall be protected by, where and to the full extent
that the same are applicable, all the rights, powers, privileges,
immunities and exemptions provided in the Original Indenture, as
heretofore and hereby supplemented, as if the provisions
concerning the same were incorporated here at length.  The
Trustee under the Original Indenture, as so supplemented, shall
ex officio be Trustee hereunder.  The recitals and statements in
this Supplemental Indenture and in the Series K bonds (other than
the Trustee's Certificate attached hereto) shall be taken as
statements by the Company alone, and shall not be considered as
made by or as imposing any obligation or liability upon the
Trustee, nor shall the Trustee be held responsible for the
legality or validity of this Supplemental Indenture or of the
Series K bonds, and the Trustee makes no covenants or
representation, and shall not be responsible as to and for the
effect, authorization, execution, delivery or recording of this
Supplemental Indenture.  The Trustee shall not be taken impliedly
to waive by this Supplemental Indenture any right it would
otherwise have.  As provided in the Original Indenture this
Supplemental Indenture shall hereafter form a part of the
Original Indenture as heretofore supplemented.

     The remedies and provisions of the Original Indenture
applicable in case of any default by the Company thereunder are
hereby adopted and made applicable in case of any default with
respect to the properties included herein and, without limitation
of the generality of the foregoing, there and hereby conferred
upon the Trustee the same powers of sale and other powers over
the properties described herein as are expressly conferred by the
Original Indenture as heretofore supplemented.

                          ARTICLE FIVE

                Amendments to Original Indenture


     Section 5.01   Section 15.03 of the Original Indenture is
hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:

       If default occurs in payment of principal, premium
       or interest due hereunder, interest shall be paid
       upon overdue principal at the greater of (i) the
       rate of interest payable on the bonds of a
       particular series, plus one percent (1%) and (ii)
       the rate specified in the supplemental indenture
       creating the series of bonds in question; interest
       shall be paid on overdue interest and premium at the
       greater of (i) six percent (6%) per annum and (ii)
       the rate specified in the supplemental indenture
       creating the series of bonds in question or, if not
       such rate is specified therein, then the rate of
       interest payable on the bonds of the series in
       question plus one percent (1%).
       
     Section 5.02.  The Series K Bonds issued under this Tenth
Supplemental Indenture are subject not only to the terms of the
Original Indenture but also to all amendments to the Original
Indenture set forth in supplemental indentures thereto,
including, without limitation, pursuant to the Eighth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 29, 1987.

                           ARTICLE SIX

                    Miscellaneous Provisions

     Section 6.01.  The use of terms herein and the construction
of the provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the
definitions, uses and constructions contained in the Original
Indenture as heretofore and hereby supplemented.

     Section 6.02.  This Tenth Supplemental Indenture shall
become void when the Original Indenture shall be void.

     Section 6.03.  This Supplemental Indenture may be
simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which
shall be an original, and all of which shall constitute but one
and the same instrument.

     Section 6.04.  The cover of this Tenth Supplemental
Indenture and all article and descriptive headings are inserted
for convenience only, and shall not affect any construction or
interpretation hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Exeter & Hampton Electric Company has
caused this instrument to be executed in its corporate name by
its President, one of its Vice Presidents or its Treasurer and to
be attested and its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed by its
Secretary or the Secretary of its Board of Directors, and The
First National Bank of Boston, to evidence its acceptance of the
Trust hereby created, has caused this instrument to be executed
in its corporate name by one of its Authorized Officers, all as
of the day and year first above written.

Attest:                       EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC COMPANY

Gail A. Siart                     By: Mark H. Collin
Secretary                         Treasurer

                        (Corporate Seal)

Signed, sealed and delivered by
     Exeter & Hampton Electric Company
     in the presence of us:

Sandra L. Walker

Ellen L. Belanger

                              THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                        Trustee

                              By: ___J. E. Mogavero_____________
                                   Authorized Officer

Signed and delivered by
     The First National Bank of Boston
     in the presence of us:

__________________________

__________________________

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE       )
                             ) ss.
COUNTY OF                    )

     On this 13th  day of  October, 1994, before me personally
appeared  Mark H. Collin         to me personally known, who,
being by me duly sworn, did say that he is the  Treasurer of
Exeter & Hampton Electric Company, that the seal affixed to the
foregoing instrument is the corporate seal of said corporation,
and that said instrument was signed and sealed by him on behalf
of said corporation by authority of its Board of Directors; and
the said  Mark H. Collin acknowledged said instrument to be the
free act and deed of said corporation.

Wilbur R. Ralph
                                   Notary Public
                                   My Commission Expires
                                        (Notarial Seal)

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS )
                              ) SS.
COUNTY OF SUFFOLK             )

     On this 12th  day of  October, 1994, before me personally
appeared  J. E. Mogavero, to me personally known, who, being by
me duly sworn, did say that she is an Authorized Officer of The
First National Bank of Boston and that the foregoing instrument
was signed by her on behalf of said Bank by authority of its
Board of Directors; and the said  J. E. Mogavero               
acknowledged said instrument to be the free act and deed of said
Bank.
 

                                   Sean P. George
                                   Notary Public
                                   My Commission Expires
                                   (Notarial Seal)

                           ENDORSEMENT

     The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee, being the
mortgagee under the foregoing Tenth Supplemental Indenture hereby
consents to the cutting of any timber standing upon any of the
lands conveyed by said Tenth Supplemental Indenture and to the
sale of any such timber so cut as well as any personal property
conveyed by said Tenth Supplemental Indenture to the extent, but
only to the extent, that such cutting and sale is permitted under
the provisions of the Mortgage referred to in said Tenth
Supplemental Indenture.

     Dated:    Boston, Massachusetts, October 12, 1994.

                               THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                        Trustee


                                By: _____________________________
                                        Authorized Officer


Signed on behalf of The First
National Bank of Boston in the
presence of us:

______________________________
______________________________

                EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC COMPANY
                  Tenth SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
                           SCHEDULE A

            Description of Certain Land and Easements
         Acquired by the Company since August 29, 1991*


I.   PARCELS ACQUIRED



II.  EASEMENTS AND RIGHTS ACQUIRED FOR TRANSMISSION LINE
     PURPOSES

























*All conveyances related to premises located in Rockingham
County, New Hampshire and all recording references are to records
on file at the Rockingham County Registry of Deeds, Exeter, New
Hampshire.

            Description of Certain Land and Easements
         Conveyed by the Company since August 29, 1991*

III. PARCELS CONVEYED











IV.  EASEMENTS AND OTHER INTERESTS CONVEYED



















*All conveyances relate to premises located in Rockingham County,
New Hampshire, and all recording references are to records on
file at the Rockingham County Registry of Deeds, Exeter, New
Hampshire.

                           SCHEDULE B

     (Form of Series K Fully Registered Bond without Coupons)

                                      No.  JR-___$. . . . . . . .

                EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC COMPANY
 
              First Mortgage Bond, Series K, 8.49%
                      due October 14, 2024 

     Exeter & Hampton Electric Company, a corporation of The
State of New Hampshire (hereinafter called the "Company"), for
value received, hereby promises to pay to                      or
registered assigns, on the fourteenth day of October, 2024, the
principal sum of                                         Dollars
($         ) and to pay interest thereon from the date hereof at
the rate of eight and forty-nine hundredths per centum (8.49%)
per annum (computed on the basis of a thirty (30) day month and
three hundred sixty (360) day year) payable semi-annually on the
fourteenth day of April and the fourteenth day of October in each
year, commencing the fourteenth day of April, 1995, until said
principal sum is paid; and to pay interest on any overdue
principal (including any overdue prepayment of principal) and
premium if any, and (to the extent permitted by applicable law)
on any overdue payment of interest, at the rate of 9.49% per
annum.  The principal of and premium, if any, and the interest on
this bond shall be payable at the principal corporate trust
office at The First National Bank of Boston, Boston,
Massachusetts, or at the principal corporate trust office of its
successor as trustee in the trust hereinafter referred to, or at
the option of certain holders, in accordance with the provisions
of Section 1.01 of the Tenth Supplemental Indenture hereinafter
referred to, in lawful money of the United States of America.

     This bond is one of a duly authorized issue of First
Mortgage Bonds of the Company limited as to aggregate principal
amount as set forth in the Indenture hereinafter mentioned,
issuable in series, and is one of a series known as First
Mortgage Bonds, Series K, all bonds of all series being issued
and to be issued under and pursuant to and all equally secured
(except as any sinking or other fund, established in accordance
with the provisions of the Indenture hereinafter mentioned, may
afford additional security for the bonds of any particular
series) by an Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of
December 1, 1952 (herein called the "Original Indenture") duly
executed and delivered by the Company to Old Colony Trust
Company, Trustee (The First National Bank of Boston being
successor Trustee, and together with Old Colony Trust Company
being called herein the "Trustee"), to which Original Indenture
and to all indentures supplemental thereto including a Tenth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 14, 1994 (herein
together called the "Indenture") reference is hereby made for a
description of the property transferred, assigned and mortgaged
thereunder, the nature and extent of the security, the terms and
conditions upon which the bonds are secured and additional bonds
may be issued and secured, and the rights of the holders or
registered owners of said bonds, of the Trustee and of the
Company in respect of such security.  Neither the foregoing
reference to the Indenture, nor any provision of this bond or of
the Indenture, shall affect or impair the obligation of the
Company, which is absolute, unconditional and unalterable, to
pay, at the stated or accelerated maturities herein provided, the
principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this bond as
herein provided.

     Bonds of this Series K are also redeemable, in whole or in
part, in integral multiples of one hundred thousand dollars, at
the option of the Company on any date on at least 30 days'
notice, in the manner, with the effect, subject to the
limitations and for the amounts specified in Section 1.04 of the
Indenture.

     On the conditions and in the manner provided in the Section
1.05 of the Indenture, Series K bonds may also become subject to
redemption, in whole or in part, at any time on at least 30 days'
notice, in the manner, with the effect and for the amounts
specified in said Section 1.05, by the use of moneys deposited
with or paid to the Trustee as the proceeds of the sale or
condemnation of property of the Company or as the proceeds of
insurance policies deposited with or paid to the Trustee because
of damage to or destruction of property of the Company.

     In the event that all or any part of the bonds of this
Series K shall be redeemed or otherwise discharged prior to their
maturity pursuant to or in accordance with the order of any
governmental commission or regulatory authority upon the
reorganization, dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or
otherwise, the registered owners of such Series K bonds shall be
entitled to be paid therefor an amount specified in Section 1.06
of the Indenture.

     The Indenture provides that, if notice of redemption of any
bond issued pursuant to its terms, including the Series K bonds,
or any portion of the principal amount of any such bond selected
for redemption has been duly given, then such bond or such
portion thereof shall become due and payable on the date fixed
for redemption, and, if the redemption price shall have been duly
deposited with the Trustee, interest thereon shall cease to
accrue from and after the date fixed for redemption, and that
whenever the redemption price thereof shall have been duly
deposited with the Trustee and notice of redemption shall have
been duly given, or provision therefor made as provided in the
Indenture, such bond or such portion thereof shall no longer be
entitled to any lien or benefit of the Indenture.  In the event
that a part only of this bond shall be so called for redemption,
the Company will issue a new fully registered bond without
coupons in like form for the unredeemed portion thereof.
     In case an event of default, as defined in the Indenture,
occurs, the principal of this bond may become or may be declared
due and payable prior to the stated maturity hereof in the manner
and with the effect and subject to the conditions provided in the
Indenture.

     This bond is transferable by the registered owner hereof, in
person or by duly authorized attorney, upon books of the Company
to be kept for the purpose at the corporate trust office of the
Trustee under the Indenture, upon surrender thereof at said
office for cancellation and upon presentation of a written
instrument or transfer duly executed, and thereupon the Company
shall issue in the name of the transferee or transferees, and the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new registered bond or
bonds, of like form and in an authorized denomination or in
authorized denominations and of the same series, for the same
aggregate principal amount.  Fully registered bonds of this
series upon surrender thereof at said office may be exchanged for
the same aggregate principal amount of fully registered bonds,
also of this series but of another authorized denomination or
other authorized denominations, all upon payment of the charges,
if any, and subject to the terms and conditions specified in the
Indenture.

     The Company and the Trustee may treat the registered owner
of this bond as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes.

     With the consent of the Company and to the extent permitted
by and as provided in the Indenture, property may be released
from the lien thereof, and the terms and provisions of the
Indenture (except for the provisions relating to the modification
of the Indenture contained in Section 17.04 of the Original
Indenture) may be modified or altered by the assent or authority
of the holders of at least seventy-five per centum (75%) in
principal amount of the bonds then outstanding thereunder,
provided, however, that no such modification or alteration shall
be made which will (a) affect the terms of payment of the
principal of or interest on the bonds outstanding thereunder, or
(b) authorize the creation of any lien prior or equal to the lien
of the Indenture upon any of the mortgaged property, or (c) give
to any bond or bonds secured thereby, and provided further, that
no modification of any right which shall have been specifically
provided in respect of any particular series of bonds shall be
effective unless assented to by the holders of a least
seventy-five per centum (75%) in principal amount of the bonds of
such particular series.

     No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of
or the interest on this bond, or of any claim based hereon or in
respect hereof or of the Indenture, against any incorporator,
stockholder, officer or director of the Company, or of any
successor company, whether by virtue of any statute or rule of
law or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or
otherwise, all such liability being by the acceptance hereof
expressly waived and released and being also waived and released
by the terms of the Indenture.

     This bond shall not be valid nor become obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been authenticated by the execution
of the certificate hereon endorsed by the Trustee under the
Indenture.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Exeter & Hampton Electric Company has
caused this bond to be signed in its name by its President or one
of its Vice Presidents and its corporate seal to be hereunto
affixed and attested by its Treasurer, and this bond to be dated
the               , 1994.

                                EXETER & HAMPTON ELECTRIC COMPANY

                                By: _____________________________
                                    President

                        (Corporate seal)

ATTEST: ___________________
        Treasurer

    (Form of Trustee's Certificate for all Bonds of Series K)

This is one of the First Mortgage Bonds, Series K, referred to in
the within mentioned Indenture.


                                THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON
                                   Trustee


     By: _____________________________
                                    Authorized Officer



     (Form of Notation of Payments on Account of Principal)

PAYMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF PRINCIPAL

________________________________________________________________
Date                Amount Paid              Signature

________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________




                      (Form of Endorsement)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and
transfers unto                                    the within
bond, and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing                                                  
attorney to transfer said bond on the books of the Company, with
full power of substitution in the premises.

                                   ______________________________
                                   Signature of Registered Owner



Dated: _______________________

In the presence
of: _______________________________

     NOTICE:  The signature of this assignment must correspond
with the name of the payee as it appears upon the face of the
within bond in every particular, without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatever.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY'S LABOR AGREEMENT, JUNE 1, 1994
<TEXT>



<PAGE>
                      AGREEMENT 




                        BETWEEN




               CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY

                          AND



                 LOCAL UNION NO. 1837
               INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD
                 OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS




           JUNE 1, 1994 through MAY 31, 1997
</PAGE>

<PAGE>

INDEX

Article Section              Subject            Page
                                                Nos.  
              PREAMBLE                           3
  1           RECOGNITION OF UNION AND           4
              SECURITY                               
         1.1    Recognition of Union             4
         1.2    Union Security                   4
         1.3    Payroll Deduction for Union      4
              Dues                                   
  2           CREDIT UNION AND THRIFT/SAVING     5
              PLAN                                   
         2.1    Credit Union                     5
         2.2    401K Plan                        5
  3           WAGES AND HOURS                    5
         3.1    Hours of Work and Premium Pay    5
         3.2    Hourly Premium                   7
         3.3    Minimum Pay for Employees        7
                Called In                        7
         3.4    Holidays                         8
         3.5    Vacations                        9
         3.6    Assignments of Overtime Work     11
         3.7    Temporary Up-Grading             12
         3.8    Inclement Weather                12
         3.9    Rubber Gloving                   13
        3.10    Employee Purchasing              13
        3.11    Equipment Provided by Company    13
        3.12    Rest Period                      14
        3.13    Military Leave                   15
        3.14    Stand-by                         15
        3.15    Pay When Away From Home          16
              Overnight                              
        3.16    Leave of Absence for Personal    16
              Reasons                                
        3.17    Absence Due to Death in the      17
              Family                                 
        3.18    Tempory Assignments Outside of   17
              the                                    
                Company's Service Area         
        3.19    Utility Lineworker I             18
  4           ANSWERING SERVICE                  18
  5           RETIREMENT PLAN                    18
  6           GROUP INSURANCE                    19
  7           PROMOTIONS, DEMOTIONS, AND         19
              FURLOUGHS                              
         7.1    Promotions                       19
         7.2    Temporary Assignment             21
         7.3    Retrogression                    21
         7.4    Termination Pay                  22
  8           CONTRATING CREWS                   22
  9           SUSPENSION AND DISCHARGES          23

</PAGE>

<PAGE>
  10          NO STRIKES OR LOCKOUTS             23
  11          ADJUSTMENTS OR DISPUTES AND      
              GRIEVANCES AND ARBITRATION         24
  12          NOTICE AND REQUESTS                25
        12.1    Mailing Requirements             25
        12.2    Bulletin Boards                  26
  13          WAGE AND WORK AGREEMENT            26
  14          DISABILITY BENEFITS AND SAFETY     26
        14.1    Sick Pay                         26
        14.2    Worker's Compensation            27
        14.3    Safety                           27
  15          CONSOLIDATION OR MERGER            27
  16          NO DISCRIMINATION                  28
  17          DATE AND TERM                      28
              --TERMINATION-AMENDMENT                
        17.1    Effective Date and Term          28
        17.2    Negotiations-Charges or          28
              Termination                            
        17.3    Amending Agreement During Term   29
              RETIREMENT PLAN                    31
              GROUP INSURANCE                    37
              WORKING MUTUAL AGREEMENT           40
              SCHEDULE OF WAGES                  41
              DUES DEDUCTION                     42
</PAGE>

<PAGE>
                       PREAMBLE


     AGREEMENT made and entered into this 1st day of
June, 1994 and between CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY, a  New
Hampshire corporation  hereinafter referred  to as  the
"Company," and Local  Union No.  1837 of  INTERNATIONAL
BROTHERHOOD OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS and the EMPLOYEES  OF
THE COMPANY who have designated Local Union No. 1837 of
the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers  to
act for them as their collective bargaining agent,  all
hereinafter referred to as the "Union."

     WHEREAS, the Union represents a majority of the
employees of the Company in the Line Department,  Meter
Department,  Service  Center     (Station   Attendants,
Maintenance Workers, Stock Clerks and Operation  Office
Clerk only), and Meter Readers, and has been designated
by said majority to be the exclusive representative  of
all employees of the said departments  for the  purpose
of collective bargaining in  respect to  rates of  pay,
wages,   hours  of   work  and   other  conditions   of
employment, and

     WHEREAS, both the Company and the Union desire to
promote harmony and efficiency in the working forces so
that the employees and  the Company  may obtain  mutual
economic  advantages consistent  with the  duty of  the
Company, as a public utility, at all  times to  provide
an  adequate  and  uninterrupted  supply  of   electric
service  in  the  territory  and  communities which  it
serves.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants and Agreements hereinafter set  forth, it  is
agreed as follows:                             

</PAGE>
<PAGE>
                       ARTICLE 1
                 RECOGNITION OF UNION
                  AND UNION SECURITY

1.1  Recognition of Union
        The  Company  recognizes  the Union  to be  the

     exclusive representative of all  employees in  the

     Line Department, Meter Department, Service  Center

     (Station  Attendants,  Maintenance Workers,  Stock

     Clerks, and Operation Office Clerk only) and Meter

     Readers  holding the  positions set  forth on  the

     attached "Schedule of Wages," for  the purpose  of

     collective bargaining.

1.2  Union Security
        All employees who are at present members of the

     Union  or may  hereinafter become  members of  the

     Union shall remain members in good standing in the

     Union  during  the  term  of this  agreement as  a

     condition of their employment by the Company.  New

     employees  covered  by  this  agreement  shall  be

     required to apply for membership in  the Union  at

     the end of one hundred  and twenty  (120) days  of

     continuous employment and remain  members in  good

     standing  of  the Union  as a  condition of  their

     continued  employment  during  the  term  of  this

     agreement, and the Union agrees to accept such new

     employees  into   membership  in   the  Union   in

     accordance with its By-Laws.  The term "member  in

     good standing" is understood to be a Union  member

     whose dues are paid in accordance with the By-Laws

     and Constitution of the Union.

1.3  Payroll Deduction for Union Dues
        The  Company  agrees  to  make  weekly  payroll

     deductions   for   Union    dues   upon    written

     authorization of employees who  are Union  members

     with their  signatures properly  witnessed and  to

     forward  monthly the  amounts so  deducted to  the

     Union.  (Exhibit B)

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

                       ARTICLE 2
           CREDIT UNION & THRIFT/SAVING PLAN
2.1  Credit Union
        The Company agrees to  make payroll  deductions

     for payments  to a  duly-established Credit  Union

     upon  written authorization  by regular  employees

     and  to  forward the  amounts so  deducted to  the

     Credit Union in accordance with such authority.

2.2  401K Plan
        Employees may participate in the Company's 401K

     Plan.    The  Company  agrees   to  make   payroll

     deductions  for payments  to the  duly-established

     401K Plan  upon written  authorization by  regular

     employees and to forward the  amounts so  deducted

     to  the  401K   Plan  in   accordance  with   such

     authority.


                       ARTICLE 3
                    WAGES AND HOURS
3.1  Hours of Work and Premium Pay
     (a)  For all employees the normal work week shall

          consist  of  forty (40)  hours worked  Monday

          through Friday, and the normal workday  shall

          consist of eight (8) hours worked from 7 a.m.

          to 3 p.m. except  the workday  for the  meter

          order truck operator (s) which shall be  from

          9  a.m.  to  5  p.m.;  the  evening   Station

          Attendant which shall be  from 3  p.m. to  11

          p.m.; and Meter Readers which shall be from 8

          a.m. to  4 p.m.;  Utility Maintenance  Worker

          which  shall  be  from  1  p.m.  to  9  p.m.;

          Operation Office Clerk which shall be from  8

          a.m. to 5  p.m. with one (1) hour for  lunch;

          and Utility Lineworker I, Tuesday, Wednesday,

          Thursday, Friday and  Saturday 3  p.m. to  11

          p.m.  It is understood that  these times  may

          be  changed  by  mutual   agreement  of   the

          parties.  Time and one-half shall be paid  to

          all employees  for all  hours worked  outside
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

          the   normal  workday   except  Sundays   and

          holidays which shall be double time.

     (b)  For Station Attendants, the normal work week

          shall consist of  forty (40)   hours,  Monday

          through Friday, and the normal workday  shall

          consist of (8)  consecutive hours worked in a

          twenty-four hour period  commencing with  the

          beginning   of   the   employee's   regularly

          scheduled  hours.   Station Attendants  shall

          receive  time  and  one-half  for  all  hours

          worked in excess of eight (8) in any  workday

          or  forty  (40)  in any  one week;  provided,

          however,   that   if   a  Station   Attendant

          voluntarily  works  two work  schedules in  a

          single workday or mutually agrees to work two

          consecutive  work  schedules,  straight  time

          only  shall  be  paid  for  the  second  work

          schedule.

     (c)  A Station Attendant required to work on

          either the first or second  of his  regularly

          scheduled consecutive days off shall be  paid

          at time and one-half his normal  rate of  pay

          for work on the first day,  and at  two (2)  

          times his normal rate of pay for work on  the

          second day.  Premium pay will not be paid  to

          an employee who is  absent from  work on  the

          scheduled day  for which  such premium  would

          have been payable.

     (d)  The Union agrees that the Station Attendants

          may be trained by the Company by the  trading

          of work schedules for short  periods of  time

          not to  exceed one  week of  duration.   Upon

          mutual   agreement  between   them  and   the

          Company,  Station  Attendants  who desire  to

          trade work schedules will be permitted to  do

          so temporarily  from time  to time,  provided

          that such temporary interchange is  completed

          within a  payroll week  so that  it does  not

          lead to or require the payment of overtime.

     (e)  Nothing in this provision shall be

          interpreted to interfere  with the  Company's

          right to temporarily  assign work,  including
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

          the right to temporarily assign employees  to

          perform work  on an  emergency basis  outside

          their normally scheduled hours.  The  Company

          shall provide as much notice  as possible  in

          the event it implements this section.

     (f)  The hours for the meter order truck

          operator(s) may  be changed  to 7  a.m. to  3

          p.m. for the days that the Utility Lineworker

          I shift is covered.  For all other times, the

          meter order truck operator(s)  hours will  be

          per 3.1(a).

     (g)  The hourly rate for the Utility Lineworkers I

          and for Lineworkers I temporarily filling the

          position of Utility  Lineworker I  is set  by

          adding  forty ($.40)  cents per  hour to  the

          Lineworkers I hourly rate.

3.2  Hourly Premium
        The Station Attendant  required to  work the  3

     p.m. to 11 p.m. schedule  shall receive  a forty  

     ($.40) cent per hour premium.

3.3  Minimum Pay for Employees Called In
        When an employee is called in  to work  outside

     his  regularly  scheduled  work  hours,  he  shall

     receive a minimum amount of pay as provided in the

     two following paragraphs:

     (a)  All Workers:  If he reports during the period

          beginning  one  hour  before  his   scheduled

          starting time in  the morning  and ending  17

          hours  thereafter,  an amount  equal to  four

          hours  straight-time  pay;   if  he   reports

          outside  the  above-stated  time  period,  an

          amount equal to six hours straight-time pay. 

          If he reports on a day during which he is not

          regularly scheduled to work, he shall receive

          minimum  pay  in  accordance  with  the  time

          periods in the preceding sentence.

     (b)  An employee who is required to continue

          working  after  his  scheduled quitting  time

          shall not receive minimum pay under paragraph

          (a).   An  employee who  reported during  the

          period of one hour immediately preceding  his

          scheduled  starting  time  shall not  receive

          minimum pay under paragraph (a) if he remains

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

          on  duty  continuously  until  his  scheduled

          starting  time,  but shall  receive time  and

          one-half for such period.  In computing hours

          worked, time shall begin immediately when  he

          reports  at his  station and  shall end  when

          relieved   from  duty   upon  completion   of

          emergency work.

3.4  Holidays

        The  following  days  shall  be  recognized  as

                    Holidays:

NEW YEAR'S DAY                 COLUMBUS DAY    
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY          FLOATING HOLIDAY (See Sec. 3.4(h)
                                                 & Sec. 3.5 (f()         
CIVIL RIGHT'S DAY                    
VETERANS DAY                   MEMORIAL DAY    
THANKSGIVING DAY               INDEPENDENCE DAY
DAY AFTER THANKSGIVING         FLOATING HOLIDAY       (See Sec 3.5 (f))
CHRISTMAS                      LABOR DAY       

     (a)  As used in this section, the word "Holiday"

          means  the  above-named holidays  or the  day

          upon which they are celebrated.  If a holiday

          falls on Sunday, but is celebrated on Monday,

          Monday shall be deemed the holiday.

     (b)  As used in this section, "Holiday Pay"  means

          eight  hours  pay at  the employee's  regular

          straight-time rate of pay.

     (c)  If a holiday falls on a day on which an

          employee is regularly scheduled  to work  and

          he does not work because of  the holiday,  he

          shall receive the amount of pay he would have

          received  if  he  had   worked  his   regular

          schedule  of hours  on that  day without  its

          being a holiday.

     (d)  If a holiday falls on one of the first five

          days that an employee is regularly  scheduled

          to  work  during  a  payroll  week, he  shall

          receive Holiday Pay plus double time for each

          hour worked.

     (e)  If a holiday falls on a day on which an

          employee is not regularly  scheduled to  work

          and he is called in to work on such a day, he

          shall receive Holiday Pay plus two times  his

          straight-time  rate  for  each  of the  first

</PAGE>
<PAGE>
          eight  hours  worked  and  three  times   his

          straight  time  rate  for  each  hour  worked

          beyond eight.

     (f)  If a holiday falls on a day on which an

          employee is not regularly  scheduled to  work

          and he does not work  on such  a holiday,  he

          shall  receive  Holiday  Pay  or  by   mutual

          agreement a day off in lieu  of such  Holiday

          Pay;  provided,  however,  that  the  Company

          shall   have   no  obligation   to  grant   a

          particular day off  if the  granting of  such

          day off would require  the Company  to pay  a

          premium rate of  pay to  another employee  to

          fill in for the employee taking the day off.

     (g)  The above-described holiday allowances are

          available only to employees  who have  worked

          their  last-scheduled   workday  before   the

          holiday and the first-scheduled workday after

          the holiday, unless the employee's absence is

          for a justifiable reason as determined by the

          Company.

     (h)  1994 will be the last year N.H. Election Day

          (Biennial) is to  be considered  a holiday.  

          Starting in 1995, a Floating Holiday will  be

          given  each  year  that  there  is  a  N.  H.

          Election Day, to be taken  between January  1

          and June 1 of that year, subject to the  same

          provisions of this  Agreement   as any  other

          designated  holiday, and  subject to  Section

          3.5(f).

3.5  Vacations
     (a)  Employees shall be granted vacations with pay

          at  the  employee's regular  rate based  upon

          their  years  of  continuous  service.     An

          employee  who  has  completed  at  least  six

          months,  but  less  than  twelve  months,  of

          continuous service  in the  calendar year  of

          his  employment  shall  be  entitled  to  one

          week's vacation  (5 working  days) with  pay,

          plus  one additional  day with  pay for  each

          full month worked  in excess  of six  months,

          the  total vacation  not to  exceed ten  full

          days in that  calendar year.   Employees  who

          are active members of  the Union  on May  31,

          1994, and who have completed one year or more
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

          of  continuous  service by  said date,  shall

          receive  vacation  in  accordance  with   the

          following schedule:

     

Years of Continuous
Service               Amount of Vacation

1 Year                    2 Weeks
5 Years                   3 Weeks
10 Years                  4 Weeks
15 Years                  5 Weeks
20 Years                  5 Weeks plus 1 day
21 Years                  5 Weeks plus 2 day
22 Years                  5 Weeks plus 3 day
23 Years                  5 Weeks plus 4 day
24 Years                  6 Weeks

       Employees who join the Union after May 31, 1994,
and who have completed one year or more of continuous
service shall receive vacation in accordance with the
following schedule:
          
Years of Continuous
Service             Amount of Vacation
1 Year                   2 Weeks
5 Years                  3 Weeks
10 Years                 4 Weeks
18 Years                 5 Weeks

     (b)  In order to be eligible for full vacation pay

          in the following calendar  year, an  employee

          must have worked in at least twenty-six  (26)

          different  work  weeks  during the  fifty-two

          (52)  week period  immediately preceding  the

          employee's anniversary date.   Employees  who

          work in less than  twenty-six (26)  different

          work-weeks shall have their vacation  reduced

          on a proportional basis.

     (c)  Vacations shall be without duplication, shall

          not be cumulative from year to year and shall

          be taken during each calendar  year at  times

          or from time to time appointed by the Company

          after  consideration of  the requirements  of

</PAGE>
<PAGE>
          the     Company's    business,     employees'

          preferences,  and   preferential  rights   of

          employees with the longest length of service.

     (d)  If a holiday, as defined in Section 3.4

          above,  shall  fall   within  an   employee's

          vacation  period,  the   employee  shall   be

          entitled to an  extra day's  vacation or  the

          normal day's pay he would have received  were

          he not  on vacation  at the  election of  the

          Company;  if  the  Company  elects the  extra

          day's vacation it shall  be taken  at a  time

          designated by the Company.

     (e)  Each employee shall have the right during the

          period  from January  1 through  April 30  of

          each year to express in writing his desire as

          to the scheduling of his vacation.  Length of

          continuous service shall govern the order  in

          which such preferences shall be considered.

     (f)  Unscheduled vacation days available to an

          employee and an  employee's floating  holiday

          may only be taken upon forty-eight (48) hours

          advance request,  unless in  the judgment  of

          the  Company  the work  schedule will  permit

          lesser advance notice.

     (g)  A request for vacation in excess of two (2)

          weeks  will  be considered  on an  individual

          basis;  taking  into  account  the  Company's

          operating  requirements.    An employee  will

          receive   written   confirmation   of   their

          vacation   approval   or   denial  within   a

          reasonable time from request.

3.6  Assignment of Overtime Work
        When   practicable,  overtime   work  will   be

     distributed  equally  among all  employees of  the

     department  concerned.   Men assigned  to work  on

     planned  weekend  overtime  will  be  notified  on

     Thursday  as  to  the hours  to be  worked.   Work

     schedule will be confirmed at that time.   In  the

     event that the planned overtime has to be canceled

     because  of  bad  weather  or  other  causes,  the

     Company will pay a minimum of three hours at  time

     and one-half when it is not possible to provide an

     equal number of hours  of inside  work.   Stand-by
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     men  will  not  be  automatically  excluded   from

     participation   in   planned    jobs,   but    the

     determination to include or exclude a stand-by man

     from  a  given  planned  job  will   be  made   by

     management in a reasonable and consistent manner. 

     It is understood and  agreed that  the Union  will

     cooperate  fully  in  the  implementation of  this

     Section.

3.7  Temporary Up-Grading
        When an employee is temporarily  assigned to  a

     higher  wage classification  for a  period of  two

     hours or more, he shall receive the rate for  such

     classification  provided under  Schedule of  Wages

     attached.

        Whenever a Lineworker I is put in  charge of  a

     line crew of  one or  more other  employees for  a

     period of two hours or more, he shall receive  the

     rate  of pay  of a  Working Foreman  and shall  be

     entitled to said rate of pay if the crew does  not

     do outdoor work due to inclement weather.

3.8  Inclement Weather
        Except  in  cases  of  necessity or  emergency,

     employees shall not be required to do outdoor work

     when  heat, cold,  rain, snow,  wind, humidity  or

     other inclement weather conditions make such  work

     unsafe.

        The  Operations  Manager,  or a  representative

     designated by him, will determine  whether or  not

     the  weather conditions  are such  that the  crews

     will  be  sent  into  the  field  consistent  with

     safety.   In the  field, the  Working Foreman  (or

     Foreman) of the crew shall make the decision as to

     whether  or  not  his  crew  shall  stop  work.   

     Employees shall not lose any  regular pay  because

     of  failure  to  work  outdoors  due to  inclement

     weather.  Meter Readers  will not  be required  to

     read meters during heavy snow or sleet  or in  any

     severe   weather   conditions   which   would   be

     considered  detrimental  to  the  safety  of   the

     employee.    The  Company's  decision shall,  upon

     written complaint  filed with  the Company  within
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     five  days,  be  subject  to  the  grievance   and

     arbitration provision of this Agreement.

3.9  Rubber Gloving
        As of June 1, 1991, the Company  may adopt  the

     practice  of  rubber  gloving voltages  up to  and

     including 34.5 KV in line work.   Any employee

     classified as Lineworker I, II, or III as of  June

     1, 1991,  shall not  be required  to rubber  glove

     voltages in excess of 15 KV.   To  the extent  the

     Company  requires  rubber   gloving  of   voltages

     between  15  KV  and 34.5  KV, the  work shall  be

     carried out by volunteers within  the Company  who

     have  achieved  Lineworker  I  status   or  by   a

     Lineworker I who is hired after June 1, 1991.

        Lineworkers who were employees  of the  Company

     as of June 1, 1991 who volunteer for  the 34.5  KV

     rubber gloving program  shall have  the option  of

     leaving the program within one year  from the  day

     they volunteer, after  the program  goes online.  

     The Company upon receipt of written notice of that

     employee's  intent  to  leave the  34.5 KV  rubber

     gloving program, will reassign that Lineworker  to

     the  position  held  before entering  the 34.5  KV

     rubber gloving program within (30) days.

        It  has been  further agreed  that the  Company

     will  confer  with  the  Union  with  respect   to

     appropriate  safety  rules   for  rubber   gloving

     voltages up to and including 34.5 KV in line work.

3.10 Employee Purchasing
        The Company agrees to  maintain uniform  policy

     in relation to purchase of merchandise by  regular

     employees.

3.11 Equipment Provided by Company
        The Company shall  provide Linemen's  equipment

     consisting of  climbing spurs,  pads, and  straps,

     body belts and safety straps, pliers,  connectors,

     skinning   knives,   leather  gloves,   adjustable

     wrenches, rules and screwdrivers, and  replacement

     and  renewals  thereof.   All linemen's  equipment

     shall be and remain the property of the Company.  

     When renewals or replacements  are requested,  the

     old  equipment  must  be  turned  in  or its  loss
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     satisfactorily explained.  All linemen's equipment

     shall be left on the property of the Company  when

     not in use.  The Company  shall provide  coveralls

     for  use  in  painting  or  other  jobs  requiring

     clothing protection, which shall be  kept at  such

     places on the  Company's property  as the  Company

     decides.

3.12 Rest Period
        If an employee is required to work sixteen (16)

     or more consecutive hours,  he will  be allowed  a

     period of eight (8) hours off before returning  to

     work  unless an  emergency arises  which makes  it

     necessary for the Company to call him back to work

     before  the  expiration  of  the  eight  (8)  hour

     period.  Any  part of  the eight  (8) hour  period

     which  extends  into  the  employee's normal  work

     schedule will be paid for at normal straight  time

     rates.

        If  an  employee  is  required  to work  beyond

     sixteen (16)  consecutive hours, he  will be  paid

     at double his straight time rate  for those  hours

     worked  beyond  sixteen  (16),  including   normal

     schedule hours worked.  Time allowed off for meals

     will  be  counted  in  determining  sixteen   (16)

     consecutive hours worked for the  purpose of  this

     Section.  If an employee is called and reports for

     work within two (2) hours of the time he went  off

     duty,  the  time off  will not  prevent the  hours

     worked   thereafter  from   being  considered   as

     consecutive with the previous hours worked.

        Employees  who  are  required  to  work  during

     unscheduled hours starting eight  hours after  the

     end of their normal work schedule  and ending  one

     hour prior to the beginning of  their normal  work

     schedule will be entitled to one hour of rest time

     for each hour  worked starting  eight hours  after

     the end of their normal work  schedule and  ending

     one hour prior to  the beginning  of their  normal

     work.    If  such  rest  time  extends  into   the

     employee's  normal  workday, no  reduction in  pay

     will be made for the hours overlapping the  normal

     workday.  Rest   time extending  into normal  work

     schedule and having a duration of two (2) hours or

     less will be taken at the  end of  the day  unless

     otherwise established by mutual  agreement.   Rest

     time  extending  into  normal  work  schedule  and

     having a duration of four  (4) hours  or less  but

     more than two (2) hours may, by mutual  agreement,

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     be taken at the end rather than  the beginning  of

     the normal workday.

3.13 Military Leave
     (a)  The Company will abide by the laws of the

          United   States   with    respect   to    the

          re-employment of those of  its employees  who

          have left or will leave their employment with

          the Company to  enter upon  service with  the

          armed forces of the United States.  When such

          absence from their duties  is compulsory,  or

          results  from enlistment  in anticipation  of

          compulsory  service,  the  period of  absence

          from their duties with this Company of  those

          re-employed  under  this  Article  shall   be

          computed  as  part  of  their  total term  of

          service with the Company in determining their

          seniority,   vacation,  sickness   disability

          benefits, termination pay, and the amount  of

          retirement  pension.   The parties  interpret

          said laws as applying with equal force to all

          members of said armed  forces, including  the

          Merchant Marine regardless of  the manner  by

          which they may have become members thereof.

     (b)  The Company agrees to pay to a regular

          employee, while on National Guard or  Reserve

          annual two-week tour of duty, the  difference

          between  the  pay  from  National  Guard   or

          Reserves and the  regular pay  while at  work

          for the Company for two (2) weeks of the tour

          of duty.

3.14 Stand-By
        One qualified  Lineworker will  be assigned  to

     stand-by duty each week during the year.   A  list

     of Lineworkers will  be submitted,  by the  Union,

     one year in advance.  Any changes to this schedule

     shall be submitted, in writing, no  less than  one

     week prior to  the Lineworker  going on  stand-by,

     unless  an  emergency  situation  arises  and  the

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     Lineworker  is unable  to cover.   Lineworker  and

     schedule to be approved by the Operations Manager.

        Stand-by   duty   consists   of   a   qualified

     Lineworker remaining within reach  of a  telephone

     and/or paging device for a period of  one week  so

     that an employee on stand-by duty may be  notified

     to  report  for  work  in  cases  of  emergency.  

     Stand-by duty does not require any interruption of

     an employee's normal life except to the extent  of

     making arrangements so that he can  be reached  by

     telephone and/or paging device and report within a

     reasonable  driving  time  from   the  place   the

     employee normally reports for work.

        Employees  who  accept stand-by  duty shall  be

     paid fourteen (14) hours of straight time pay plus

     three (3) hours pay for  a week  which includes  a

     holiday.  The stand-by Lineworker will be provided

     with a vehicle.

3.15 Pay When Away From Home Overnight
        When  working  outside  the  Concord   Electric

     service area, employees shall  receive one  dollar

     ($1.00) per hour above their regular hourly  rate,

     or the prevailing rate for the area, whichever  is

     higher.

        The  premium shall  apply to  all hours  worked

     away from the normal work area during  the day  on

     which  the  employee  is  unable  to return  home,

     provided, however,  that the  minimum premium  pay

     for such day shall  be twelve  dollars ($12.00).  

     The  one dollar  ($1.00) hourly  premium shall  be

     added to the regular straight-time rate of pay for

     determining  overtime  rates  of pay,  but for  no

     other purpose.  This premium shall not apply  when

     attending a Company sponsored training course.

3.16 Leave of Absence for Personal Reasons
        An employee after  one (1)  year of  continuous

     service may  be granted  a leave  of absence,  the

     employee must make a request in writing to his/her

     immediate  supervisor.   The request  must show  a

     reason  and  the  length  of  time  that  will  be

     required.

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

        Requests   for   leave  of   absence  will   be

     considered  if  the  employee has  used all  their

     vacation in that calendar year.  A request will be

     considered  on  an individual  basis; taking  into

     account  the  reason,  service  record,  and   the

     Company's operating requirements.

        Leaves  of  absence are  normally without  pay,

     however, insured  benefits may  be continued  only

     through special arrangement.

        Time  spent  on  leave  of  absence  shall   be

     included  in  determining  length  of service  for

     seniority purposes only.

3.17 Absence Due to Death in the Family
        In  the  event  of  death  of a  member of  the

     immediate family of an employee, the Company  will

     grant reasonable time off without  loss of  normal

     straight time compensation for all scheduled  work

     days,  up  to  three  (3)  consecutive   workdays,

     falling within the period from the  date of  death

     through the date of  the funeral.   The  immediate

     family  is  defined  as  wife, husband,  children,

     sister,  brother, parents,  parents-in-law, or  in

     the immediate household.  For other members of the

     family,  grandparents,  grandchildren,  aunts  and

     uncles, one (1) day without  loss of  pay will  be

     granted if the funeral is held on a scheduled work

     day.

        When   there  are   unusual  circumstances   in

     individual cases, time off without loss of pay may

     be   granted   subject   to   the  discretion   of

     management.

3.18 Temporary Assignments Outside of the Company's
Service Area
        Work Assignments with utilities outside of  the

     Company's service area are  voluntary except  when

     the utility is an affiliate of UNITIL Corporation.

       If adequate  volunteers cannot  be obtained  for

     work assignments at UNITIL  affiliates,  personnel

     will  be  assigned  with  forty-eight  (48)  hours

     notice, except in cases of emergency.

        Employees will be paid for travel time external

     of the eight hour day at the appropriate  overtime

     rate for all planned work.  The  "Minimum Pay  for

     Employees Called In", Section 3.3 in the Contract,

</PAGE>
<PAGE>
     will not apply. Transportation will be provided if

     requested.  The rate of pay shall be in accordance

     with this agreement or the  prevailing wage  where

     they are assigned, which ever is higher.

        If an employee works outside  the service  area

     and is required  to stay  overnight, Section  3.15

     "Pay When Away From Home Overnight"  will apply.  

     The employee will be paid the same as when working

     within the service area except that straight  time

     rates will be paid for rest time.

        This provision  does not  apply to  assignments

     classed  as  nonworking   (examples:     training,

     schools, meetings, etc.).

3.19 Utility Lineworker I
        As of June 1, 1994, the Company  will create  a

     Utility  Lineworker  I  position.    Any  employee

     classified as Lineworker I, II or III  as of  June

     1,  1994,  shall  not  be  required  to cover  the

     position  or hours  of the  Utility Lineworker  I,

     unless voluntary or  unless an  employee bids  for

     the position.

        

                       ARTICLE 4
                   ANSWERING SERVICE
        The Company reserves  the right  to provide  an

     outside telephone answering service for the  hours

     of 11 p.m. to 7 a.m., Monday  through Friday;  and

     from  11  p.m.  Friday  to  7 a.m.  Monday and  on

     holidays observed by the Company.

        

                       ARTICLE 5
                    RETIREMENT PLAN
        During the effective period of this  Agreement,

     the  Company  will  pay  retirement  benefits   in

     accordance with the UNITIL Corporation  Retirement

     Plan, effective January 1,  1985, the  appropriate

     details of which are attached hereto and contained
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     in the Company publication Employee Benefit  Book,

     a copy of which will be provided to all  employees

     covered by this Agreement and to the Local  Union,

     all of which are incorporated herein by reference.

      An employee may retire at a  reduced Schedule  of

     benefits prior to  Normal Retirement  Date of  age

     65, as will  be stipulated  in the  aforementioned

     benefits  booklet.    The Company  agrees that  no

     change in the retirement plan will be made without

     prior notification to the Union.

        

                       ARTICLE 6
                    GROUP INSURANCE
        During the effective period of this  Agreement,

     the   Company   will   maintain  group   insurance

     coverages as follows:

        (a)    Life,   (b)    Accidental   Death    and

     Dismemberment,   (c)    Dental,   (d)    Hospital,

     Diagnostic   Laboratory   and  X-Ray   Examination

     Expense, Surgical, Medical, and (e) Major  Medical

     and agrees that no change in  the group  insurance

     plan will be  made without  prior notification  to

     the Union.  Appropriate  details of  the terms  of

     existing   contracts  are   attached  hereto   and

     contained  in  the  Company  publication  Employee

     Benefit Book, a copy of which will be provided  to

     all employees covered by this Agreement and to the

     Local Union, all of which are incorporated  herein

     by  reference.  The  cost  of  the foresaid  group

     insurance coverages is to be paid by the Company.


                       ARTICLE 7
                      PROMOTIONS,
                DEMOTIONS AND FURLOUGHS
7.1  Promotions
        Selection of regular employees for promotion or

     advancement  within  the   bargaining  unit,   for

     demotion for furloughing because of a reduction in
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     forces,  shall  be based  upon qualifications  and

     seniority.  If the employee is  qualified for  the

     job  in  cases  of   promotion,  advancement   and

     demotion,  seniority  shall  govern. An  employees

     un-bridged  Union  seniority  and   qualifications

     shall govern in cases of furloughing and bumping. 

     The Union and the Company recognize that it may be

     necessary to make exceptions in the application of

     the  foregoing  seniority  provisions  by   mutual

     agreement in order to  insure efficient  operation

     of the Company's business.   The determination  by

     the Company as to qualifications for promotions to

     supervisory  positions  shall  not  be subject  to

     arbitration under Article 11.

        If and when there is an addition  in forces  in

     any   department   covered   by  this   Agreement,

     employees  who  have  been  furloughed  from  such

     department shall  be given  preference over  other

     persons, and  employees who  have been  furloughed

     from  any   other  department   covered  by   this

     Agreement shall be given  preference over  persons

     not formerly in the employ of the  Company, if  in

     either case they are qualified as provided in this

     Article.

        When  a  vacancy  or  the  creation  of  a  new

     position necessitates promotion of an employee  or

     the hiring of a  new employee,  the Company  shall

     post  notices  at  locations  accessible  to   the

     employees, such notices to remain  posted for  ten

     (10) calendar  days, within  which time  employees

     may apply in writing to the supervisor or official

     of the Company designated in the notice.   If  the

     Company decides not to fill a vacancy, it will  so

     notify the Union within two (2) weeks of the  date

     of  vacancy;  if  the  Company decides  to fill  a

     vacancy it will post notices within two (2)  weeks

     of the date the vacancy occurs.  The notices shall

     set forth the classification of the position to be

     filled, an outline of  the duties,  the hours  and

     days of work, the ultimate wage rate, the date  on

     which the notice is posted, and the  last day  for

     filing applications.  Applicants who have  special
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     qualifications shall describe such  qualifications

     briefly in their application.

        When an employee is promoted or transferred  to

     another position but fails to qualify, he shall be

     reassigned to the class from which he was promoted

     or transferred.   If the  Company determines  that

     the employee is qualified to perform  the work  in

     the class to which he was promoted or transferred,

     but the employee desires to return to his previous

     class of work, the Company shall not reassign  him

     until there is a vacancy in such previous class.

7.2  Temporary Assignment
        The Company may assign anyone to fill a vacancy

     or new position temporarily,  pending the  posting

     of notices and the consideration of applications.

        The Company may also assign  anyone to  perform

     temporary work or  to replace  an absent  employee

     without regard to the foregoing provisions of this

     Article.

7.3  Retrogression
        If   a  regular   full-time  employee   becomes

     partially  incapacitated  by  reason  of  age   or

     non-compensable disability and thus  is unable  to

     perform   fully    the   duties    of   his    job

     classification,  the Company will endeavor to find

     him  other  work  by  placing him  in the  highest

     classification in which he is able to perform  the

     work assigned and in which there  is an  available

     opening.  The employee shall be given a reasonable

     opportunity for training to fill an available  job

     which  carries a  rate of  pay more  equal to  his

     original  rate, and  if he  becomes qualified  for

     such  available  job he  shall be  placed in  that

     classification.  An  assignment  made  under  this

     paragraph  shall  continue  until  the  employee's

     normal retirement date, provided  that he  remains

     qualified to perform  the duties  required of  his

     job  classification.     During   the  period   of

     assignment under this paragraph employees shall be

     paid at the maximum rate for the classification to

     which they are assigned, except that employees who
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     have  completed  ten   (10)  or   more  years   of

     continuous service at the time of assignment shall

     be  paid  not less  than the  percentage of  their

     former rates indicated below,  such percentage  to

     remain the same for the balance of each employee's

     active  employment.   When  the rates  of pay  are

     adjusted by a general  wage adjustment,  employees

     so classified will receive an adjustment in pay in

     the  amount  by which  the employees  retrogressed

     classification is adjusted.

 Years of Service  
   At Tiime of       Percentage
    Assignment                   
    25 or more          100%
      20-24             95%
      15-19             85%
      10-14             75%
The provisions of the foregoing paragraph shall not
impair the right of the Company to require an employee
to retire under the Company's Retirement Plan.
7.4  Termination Pay
        If an employee's employment with the Company is

     terminated  due  to  a  reduction  in  work  force

     resulting  from automation  or the  closing of  an

     operation,  he shall,  unless he  is retired  with

     pension  benefits  under the  Retirement Plan,  be

     entitled to receive one  week's pay  for each  six

     months  (calculated  to  the  nearest  six   month

     period)  of  service with  the Company,  provided,

     however,  that an  employee receiving  termination

     pay shall not be entitled to be rehired under  the

     provisions of the second paragraph of Section  7.1

     of this Article.

        

                       ARTICLE 8
                   CONTRACTING CREWS
        The Company shall not  use outside  contracting

     or affiliate companies to  perform work  regularly

     done by its regular employees if so doing would   

     result in any regular employee being  laid off  or

     transferred to another job.   This provision  does
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     not preclude contractor crews from performing work

     during emergencies and during  times when  Company

     employees are not immediately available.

        

                       ARTICLE 9
               SUSPENSION AND DISCHARGES

        Upon written request of the  Union made  within

     seven days from the  date upon  which an  employee

     has  been  suspended  or  discharged, the  Company

     shall grant a hearing to the  employee involved.  

     Upon receipt of the foregoing request in  writing,

     the Company will inform  the Union  of the  reason

     for the suspension or discharge.  The hearing will

     be conducted by  the department  head or  superior

     officer  of the  Company, and  if exonerated,  the

     employee will be reinstated without prejudice  and

     compensated for loss in wages.  The hearing  shall

     be  conducted  in  accordance with  the method  of

     adjusting  grievances  as provided  in Article  11

     herein.

        

                      ARTICLE 10
                NO STRIKES OR LOCKOUTS
        The Union agrees that it will  not authorize  a

     strike or work  stoppage, and  the Company  agrees

     that it will not engage in a  lockout, because  of

     disputes over matters relating to this Agreement. 

     The Union further agrees that it  will take  every

     reasonable means which  are within  its powers  to

     induce  employees  engaged  in  a  strike or  work

     stoppage in violation of this Agreement to  return

     to work.  There shall be no responsibility on  the

     part of the Union,  its officers,  representatives

     or   affiliates,   for   any   strike   or   other

     interruption of work unless specifically  provided

     in this paragraph.
</PAGE>
<PAGE>        

                      ARTICLE 11
                ADJUSTMENTS OF DISPUTES
            AND GRIEVANCES AND ARBITRATION
        Any  dispute  or grievance  arising during  the

     term of this  Agreement relating  to the  meaning,

     interpretation,  construction  or  application  of

     this Agreement shall be settled  in the  following

     manner:   

        STEP 1. The specific details of the dispute  or

     grievance  shall  be  submitted  to an  authorized

     representative of the other  party promptly  after

     the occurrence of the  facts giving  rise to  such

     dispute or grievance.

        STEP 2. The dispute or grievance may be settled

     by     agreement     between    the     authorized

     representatives of  both parties.   The  resultant

     agreement or failure to agree shall  be stated  in

     writing by the party first notified  to the  party

     who  submitted  the  dispute  or grievance  within

     fifteen (15) working days of the date of  original

     submission.

        STEP 3. If the grievance is not settled in Step

     2, either party  may, within  thirty (30)  working

     days of the decision rendered in Step 2, appeal in

     writing for a decision by the  Vice President  and

     General Manager of  the Company  and the  Business

     Manager   of   the   Union,   or   representatives

     designated    by   them.       An    international

     representative of IBEW may be present at this step

     of  the  grievance  procedure only  to assist  the

     local union.  They shall render their agreement or

     failure to agree  in writing  within fifteen  (15)

     working days of the date of the appeal  to them.  

     The time limits specified in the first three steps

     hereof, may be extended by mutual agreement of the

     parties involved.

        STEP 4. ARBITRATION.   If the  Company and  the

     Union are unable to settle a dispute or  grievance

     as above provided, the dispute or grievance may be

     referred  to  arbitration  by   either  party   as
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     follows:  The Union  and the  Company shall  agree

     upon an arbitrator within  ten days,  but if  they

     are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within  ten

     days,  the arbitrator  shall be  appointed by  the

     American Arbitration Association.  The decision of

     the  Arbitrator  shall be  final and  conclusively

     binding  upon  the  parties.    The  services  and

     expenses of the Arbitrator shall be shared equally

     by the Company and the Union.  It  is agreed  that

     there  shall  be  no  obligation  to  arbitrate  a

     renewal  of  this  Agreement  or a  change in,  or

     supplement to, this Agreement or to arbitrate  any

     matter  not  covered  by  this  Agreement or  some

     provision thereof.  No arbitration decision  shall

     be binding beyond the life of this Agreement.

        The Operations Manager and the Chief Steward of

     the said Local Union shall meet from time to  time

     at the request of either party for the purpose  of

     discussing any matter coming within  the scope  of

     this Agreement.

        All meetings between the Operations Manager and

     the Chief Steward of the  Union shall  be held  at

     the  Company  Office  at the  convenience of  both

     parties if possible.


                      ARTICLE 12
                 NOTICES AND REQUESTS
12.1 Mailing Requirements
        Except  where  specifically provided  otherwise

     herein, all notices and requests  shall be  deemed

     to have been fully and completely  served or  made

     by  the  Company  when  sent  by  certified   mail

     addressed to the Chief Steward at his current home

     address with a copy to be  sent to  the office  of

     the Local Union,  and by  the Union  when sent  by

     certified mail to Concord Electric Company, at One

     McGuire  Street,  Concord,  New  Hampshire  03301,

     unless either party hereto shall give notice of  a

     different address at least five (5)   days  before

     any such notice or request is mailed.
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

12.2 Bulletin Boards
        The  Company  shall  permit  reasonable use  of

     bulletin  boards  for  posting  officially  signed

     Union bulletins.


                      ARTICLE 13
                WAGE AND WORK AGREEMENT
        The Union agrees that its  members employed  by

     the Company  will work  for the  Company upon  the

     terms, conditions and attached  wage schedule  set

     forth in this Agreement during its life.

        

                      ARTICLE 14
            DISABILITY BENEFITS AND SAFETY
14.1 Sick Pay
        Employees covered  by this  Agreement shall  be

     entitled to two weeks sick  pay for  each year  of

     employment  up  to  13  years  for each  unrelated

     occurrence (but  not less  than two  weeks).   The

     employee   will   also   be   entitled   to    two

     three-quarter weeks of sick pay for  each year  of

     employment up to thirteen years for each unrelated

     occurrence (not to exceed 26 weeks).

        The  Company  shall  have  the  right, in  each

     instance  in  which  an employee  claims sick  pay

     under the provision  of this  Article, to  satisfy

     itself of the fact of  sickness requiring  absence

     by  the  certificate  of  a  competent  physician,

     examination, or otherwise.

     (a)  If a holiday occurs during the full-pay

          period, while an employee is sick, extend the

          full-pay period eight  (8) hours  or one  (1)

          day, if the employee is still out sick.

     (b)  If a holiday occurs during the three-quarter

          pay  period,  the  employee  will receive  an

          extra three-quarter day's pay at  the end  of

          the three-quarter pay period if the  employee

          is still out sick.
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

14.2  Worker's Compensation
        Time  lost  on account  of industrial  accident

     will not  be regarded  as sickness.   The  Company

     agrees to pay, during disability due to industrial

     accidents, the  difference between  the amount  of

     compensation from Worker's  Compensation and  full

     pay for a period not to  exceed twenty-six  weeks,

     and   the   difference  between   the  amount   of

     compensation   from   Workers   Compensation   and

     three-quarter  pay  for  an additional  twenty-six

     weeks.  Said amount shall not  exceed the  regular

     take  home  pay  that  would  be  received  by  an

     individual without regard to the injury suffered.

14.3 Safety
        The Company  will continue  to make  reasonable

     regulations  for  the  safety  and  health of  its

     employees  during  their  hours  of  employment.  

     Representatives of the Company and the Union shall

     meet from time to time  at the  request of  either

     party to discuss  such regulations.   The  Company

     hereby retains the right to require an employee to

     submit to a  reasonable medical  examination by  a

     physician,  who  shall  be  mutually  agreed  upon

     between the Company and the Union, if the  Company

     has  a  reasonable  belief  that  the   employee's

     physical or mental condition is placing himself or

     others in jeopardy.  

     (a)  The Union shall receive copies of all

          accident reports involving injury or incident

          to their members.

        

                      ARTICLE 15
                CONSOLIDATION OR MERGER
        In  case  of  consolidation  or  merger of  the

     Company with any other company, or sale of all  or

     a  substantial   part  of   its  properties,   the

     provisions of the Agreement will continue to apply

     to the extent legally permissible to the employees

     covered by the terms  of this  Agreement, and  the

     Company will use its best efforts  to require  any

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     other  Company  involved in  the consolidation  or

     merger  to  assume  this Agreement  to the  extent

     legally possible.

        

                      ARTICLE 16
                   NO DISCRIMINATION
        The  Company  and  the  Union  agree  that  the

     operation or application of various provisions  of

     this   Agreement  shall   in  no   way  serve   to

     discriminate against any  individual with  respect

     to   his  compensation,   terms,  conditions,   or

     privileges of employment or  otherwise affect  his

     status as an employee because of such individual's

     age, race, color, creed, sex or national origin.

        When used in Agreement,  the masculine  pronoun

     shall be deemed to include the feminine equivalent

     thereof.

        

                      ARTICLE 17
                   DATE AND TERM - 
                TERMINATION - AMENDMENT
17.1 Effective Date and Term
        This Agreement, when signed by the Company  and

     the    Local    Union    or    their    authorized

     representatives and approved by the  International

     Office of the Union, shall take effect as of  June

     1, 1994  with increased  wages to  take effect  in

     accordance  with  the Schedule  of Wages  appended

     hereto and made a part hereof, and shall remain in

     effect through May 31, 1997.  It shall continue in

     effect from year to year thereafter,  from June  1

     of each year through May 31 of the following year,

     unless  changed  or  terminated   in  the   manner

     provided herein.

17.2 Negotiations - Changes or Termination
        Either party  desiring to  change or  terminate

     this Agreement must notify the other in writing at

     least sixty (60)  days prior  to June  1st of  any

     year after 1995.  When notice for changes only  is
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     given,  the  nature  of changes  desired shall  be

     specified in the notice; however,  the listing  of

     changes  shall  not preclude  submission of  other

     changes  desired  during  negotiation.    If   the

     parties cannot  agree upon  changes, either  party

     shall have a right to terminate the contract.

17.3 Amending Agreement During Term
        This Agreement shall be subject to amendment at

     any time by mutual consent of the parties hereto. 

     Any such amendment agreed upon shall be reduced to

     writing, signed by the parties hereto and approved

     by the International Office of the Union.

</PAGE>
<PAGE>


IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF the parties  hereto have  executed
this Agreement this day and year first above written.

For CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY

By/s/     Richard M. Heath                             
          Vice President and General Manager


For the employees of CONCORD  ELECTRIC COMPANY  covered
by  this  Agreement  and  INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD  OF
ELECTRICAL WORKERS AND LOCAL UNION NO. 1837.


By/s/     Michael R. Paquet                            
          Chief Steward

By/s/     William D. Tarallo                           
          Business Manager

APPROVED International Office - I.B.E.W.  
  
J.J.  Barry,    President  ___________________.    This
approval does  not make  the International  a party  to
this agreement.

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

               CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY
                    RETIREMENT PLAN

        A retirement plan is provided for employees and

     is briefly  outlined below.   In  the event  there

     shall  be  enacted  state  or federal  legislation

     which conflict with the terms of  the below  plan,

     state or federal legislation will govern.

        The  word  "wages" as  hereinafter used,  shall

     mean  straight-time  wages, and  shall include  no

     daily or weekly overtime.

Eligibility
        Any employee of the Company shall or may retire

     on a retirement benefit subject to the  provisions

     and conditions hereinafter set forth:

     1.   An employee who has attained the Normal

          Retirement Date (first  day of  the month  in

          which occurs an employee's 65th birthday) and

          ceases active service with the Company  shall

          be entitled to a pension.

     2.   An employee shall be entitled to retire

          before attaining the age  of sixty-five  (65)

          years  if  the  employee  becomes  unable  to

          perform such employee's work for the  Company

          because of a permanent disability.  In  order

          to be eligible for a  disability pension  the

          employee must:

          a.   Be totally disabled 
          b.   The disability must continue for at least six (6) months. 
          c.   The employee must be at least thirty-eight (38) years of age
               with twenty (20) years of Vested Service.
          d.   He must qualify for disability benefits under the Social
               Security Act in effect at the time.
          e.   The disability must not have been incurred while the 
               employee was engaged in:
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

               (1)     criminal act
               (2)     service in the armed forces
               (3)     habitual drunkenness or addiction to a narcotic
               (4)     intentional self-inflicted injury
               (5)     act or disease resulting during the course of
                       employment with an employer other than the company

        Further,  that  the disability  pension may  be

     discontinued  should  the  employee  refuse to  be

     examined by a physician designated by  the Plan.  

     The pension would be computed on the basis of  the

     accrual  to  date  of  such  retirement  with   no

     actuarial reduction. 

     3.   An employee with fifteen (15) years of Vested

          Service and who has  attained age  fifty-five

          (55)  may  elect  to  retire   on  an   Early

          Retirement Date, which may be  the first  day

          of  any   month  thereafter   prior  to   the

          employee's   normal   Retirement  Date.   The

          Company requests that  the  employee notify  

          the Company in writing at  least ninety  (90)

          days  prior  to  such  date  of intention  to

          retire early.

Determination of Amount of Normal Retirement Benefits

     A.   Basis
        The basis for the computation of the amount  of

     the  retirement  benefit shall  be the  employee's

     average   monthly   wages   for  any   consecutive

     five-year period during the employee's last twenty

     (20) years of Credited  Service, whichever  amount

     is larger.

     B.   Amount
        Based upon average monthly wages determined  as

     above stated, the employee shall be eligible for a

     monthly  retirement  benefit  payable in  advance,

     computed as follows:

     1.   For each of the first twenty full years of

          Credited Service - 2% (two  percent) of  said

          average monthly wage.    

     2.   For each full year of Credited Service in

          excess of twenty full years and not in excess

          of thirty full years - an additional 1%  (one

          percent) of said average monthly wages.     

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     3.   For each full year of Credited Service in

          excess of thirty years - an additional 1/2 of

          1% (one-half percent) of said average monthly

          wages reduced by:

     4.   Fifty percent (50%) of such employee's

          Primary Social Security Benefit Payable under

          the Federal Social Security Act in effect  on

          December 31, 1970: and

     5.   The amount of monthly retirement benefit, if

          any,  to  which  he  is  entitled  under  any

          retirement  plan  maintained   by  a   former

          employer for which credit is given under  the

          Plan.

Determination of Amount of Early Retirement Benefits

          The monthly amount of Early Retirement

     Benefit  payable to  an employee  retiring on  his

     Early  Retirement  Date  shall  be  equal  to  the

     employee's  Normal  Retirement  Benefit  based  on

     Credited  Service  to his  Early Retirement  Date,

     reduced on the basis of the following schedule:

                                     Early Retirement
      Early     Percent Reduction of Expressed as % of
   Retirement     Normal Retirement  Normal Retirement
       Age             Benefits          Benefits
       64                 0%               100%
       63                 0%               100%
       62                 0%               100%
       61                 0%               100%
       60                 0%               100%
       59                 5%               95%
       58                10%               90%
       57                15%               85%
       56                20%               80%
       55                25%               75%

Normal Form of Benefits
     A.   Monthly Annuity for Life

        An employee who is unmarried at retirement will

     receive a retirement benefit as a monthly  annuity

     for as long as the employee lives.  Upon death, no

     death benefits will be payable to any beneficiary.

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     B.   Joint and Survivor Annuity with Spouse
        An employee who  is married  at retirement  and

     who  does  not  elect  to  receive the  retirement

     benefit as a monthly annuity for life,  or as  one

     of the Optional Forms of Benefits, will receive an

     actuarial  reduced  benefit  for  as  long as  the

     employee lives with  fifty percent  (50%) of  such

     reduced  benefit  payable  after   death  to   the

     employee's  spouse  for  as  long  as such  spouse

     lives.    The  reduction  is based  upon the  life

     expectancies  of the  employee and  spouse on  the

     employee's retirement date. 

Optional Form of Benefits
     A.   Contingent Annuitant Option
        An   employee   may  elect,   instead  of   his

     retirement benefit as heretofore provided, to have

     reduced retirement benefits made commencing on the

     employee's retirement  date and  after death  such

     reduced payments, or any lesser amount selected by

     the employee, will be continued to the  designated

     beneficiary, if living after the employee's death,

     for the beneficiary's lifetime.

     B.   Ten (10) Year Certain and Life Annuity
        An  employee  may  elect  that  the  retirement

     benefit,  payable  on  the  retirement  date,   be

     reduced with the guarantee that not less than  one

     hundred and twenty (120) monthly payments will  be

     made either to the employee or the named surviving

     beneficiary who survives him.

     C.   Five (5) Year Certain and Life Annuity
        An  employee  may  elect  that  the  retirement

     benefit,  payable  on  the  retirement  date,   be

     reduced  with  the  guarantee that  not less  than

     sixty (60) monthly payments will be made either to

     the employee or the  named surviving  beneficiary.

     If   any  of the  above options  are elected,  the

     provisions for a minimum annual retirement benefit

     shall only apply prior to any reductions under the

     above options. 
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

Minimum Company Contribution to Retirement Benefit
        In no event will the Company  pay any  employee

     who  retires  with  fifteen (15)  years of  Vested

     Service  an  annual normal  retirement benefit  of

     less than $1,200 in addition to such sums, if any,

     as the employee may receive as "Primary  Insurance

     Benefits" under  the Federal  Social Security  Act

     and as unemployment compensation.

Spouse's Benefits
        A  spouse's  Benefit  shall  be  payable to  an

     employee's spouse in the event  of the  employee's

     death  prior  to  the   Normal  Retirement   Date,

     provided  at least  fifteen (15)  years of  Vested

     Service was completed and has been married to  the

     surviving spouse for at least one (1) year.

        The  monthly  amount  of  the Spouse's  Benefit

     shall  be  one-half  of the  amount of  Retirement

     Benefit  which  would  have been  payable had  the

     deceased employee  retired, rather  than died,  on

     the  day before  death, reduced,  however, by  one

     percent (1%) for each full year in  excess of  two

     (2) by which  the deceased  employee's age  exceed

     his Spouse's age.

        A minimum of fifty dollars  ($50.00) per  month

     shall be payable.

        Spouse's Benefit payments shall terminate  with

     the last payment due preceding death.

Deferred Termination Benefit
        An employee who terminates his employment after

     five (5) or more years of Vested Service shall  be

     entitled to a Deferred  Termination Benefit  equal

     to that portion of his  Normal Retirement  Benefit

     accrued to the date employment terminates.   

        A Deferred Termination  Benefit shall  commence

     on an employee's Normal Retirement Date.  However,

     a  terminated  employee  who   has  attained   age

     fifty-five (55) and  has completed  fifteen (15)  

     years of  Vested Service,  may elect  to have  his

     benefit  commence  as  of the  date such  age is  

     attained.

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

        The  specific  details of  the retirement  plan

     will  be  as  described  in  the  retirement  plan

     documents.  In the event of  any conflict  between

     this  summary  and  the  Plan  Document, The  Plan

     Document will govern.  While  the Company  expects

     to continue indefinitely the benefits provided for

     under the retirement plan, it  agrees to  continue

     them only for the term  of the  Contract with  the

     employees of the Concord Electric Company  covered

     by the Agreement and the International Brotherhood

     of Electrical Workers  and Local  Union No.  1837,

     Unit #1, dated June 1, 1994.

        In the event there shall be enacted after  June

     1,  1994,  state  or  federal  legislation   which

     conflicts with the Pension Plan (Group  Insurance)

     provisions, outlined above, the  state or  federal

     legislation will govern.
</PAGE>
<PAGE>


CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY

                    GROUP INSURANCE
There shall be maintained  a Group  Life Insurance  and
Group Accident and Sickness program with the  following
benefits:
Term Life Insurance Plan
        Employees are eligible for group life insurance

     coverage  equivalent  to  two  times  their  basic

     annual wages (basic hourly wage time 2080) reduced

     to the next lower full thousand, up  to a  maximum

     of    $50,000.    Concord  Electric  Company  pays

     insurance premium cost.

Accidental Death And Dismemberment
        Employees are eligible for accidental death and

     dismemberment coverages up to a maximum of $5,000.

        Concord Electric Company pays insurance premium

     cost.

Comprehensive Medical Plan
        A Comprehensive  Medical Plan  is provided  for

     employees  and  their eligible  dependents and  is

     briefly outlined as follows:

     A.   Deductible:  Subscriber is responsible for

          first $100 of "covered medical expenses"  for

          each  member  each  calendar  year,  with   a

          maximum of three deductibles per family  each

          calendar year.

     B.   Coinsured:  Program pays 80% of first $2,000

          of "covered  medical expenses"  in excess  of

          deductible  for  each  member  each  calendar

          year.

     C.   Paid-In-Full:  "Covered medical expenses" in

          excess  of  the  coinsured  amount  and   the

          deductible are paid-in-full for the remainder

          of the calendar year.

     D.   Maximums:  Maximum lifetime benefit per

          member   is  $1,000,000   (benefit  for   the

          outpatient  treatment of  mental and  nervous

          disorders is limited to $5,000 per calendar
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

          year, lifetime maximum of $10,000).  Maximum

          out-of-pocket cost for "covered medical

          expenses" is $500 per member each calendar

          year.

        Covered medical expenses include charges  which

     are   medically  necessary,   usual,  customary   

     reasonable, and  not specifically  limited by  the

     insurance contract.

Group Dental Plan
        Group  Dental  Care Insurance  is provided  for

     employees  and  their eligible  dependents and  is

     briefly outlined as follows:

        Deductible

          There is one $25.00 deductible per person per

     Calendar Year with a maximum of $75.00 per  family

     each  Calendar  Year.   This  deductible does  not

     apply  to  Coverage I  and IV  benefits, but  does

     apply to Coverage II and III benefits.

     Coverage I - Diagnostic and Preventative, 100%
Payment.
          Diagnostic
               Initial Examination;
               Examinations to determine the required dental
               treatment two times in a calendar year;        
               Full Mouth/Panorex X-Rays once in a three (3)
                     year period;
               Bitewing X-Rays once in a calendar year;
               X-Rays of individual teeth as necessary.
          Preventative
               Cleanings two (2) times in a calendar year;
               Fluoride - once in a calendar year (age limit 19);
               Space Maintainers.      
     Coverage II - Restorative, after deductible, 80%
paid by insurance, 20% paid by patient. 
          Amalgam, Silicate and Acrylic restorations;  
          Oral Surgery - Extractions;
          Endodontics - Pupal therapy; root canal therapy;
          Periodontics -Treatment of gum disease, includes
               periodontal cleanings;      
          Denture Repair - Repair of removable denture to 
               its original condition;
          Emergency Treatment - Palliative.    
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

     Coverage III - After deductible, 50% paid by insurance, 50% by patient.
        Crowns and build-ups for crowns;

        First placement of inlays and bridges;

        First placement of partial or full dentures.

     Coverage IV - Orthodontia, 50% paid by insurance, 50% paid by patient. 
     Maximum Contract Year Benefit -
        The maximum amount which the plan  will pay  is

     $750 per person  per Calendar  Year.   Orthodontia

     lifetime maximum is $1,000 per person.

        This  benefit  summary  is  for   informational

     purposes only.   The benefits  are described  more

     fully  in  the applicable  master group  insurance

     policy.    The   extent  of   coverage  for   each

     individual  is  governed  at  all  times  by  that

     document.  In the  event of  any conflict  between

     this  summary  and  the plan  documents, the  plan

     document will govern.

        While   the   Company   expects   to   continue

     indefinitely  the  benefits  provided under  these

     plans, it  agrees to  continue them  only for  the

     term  of the  Contract with  employees of  Concord

     Electric  Company  covered  by  the Agreement  and

     International  Brotherhood  of Electrical  Workers

     and Local Union No. 1837, dated June 1, 1994.
</PAGE>
<PAGE>


               MUTUAL WORKING AGREEMENT
                        BETWEEN
               CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY 
                          AND
               IBEW LOCAL UNION NO. 1837


Utility Maintenance Worker

        It is agreed that  the hours  of this  position

     may  deviate  from  those outlined  in Article  3,

     Section 3.1 of the current  Contract, upon  mutual

     agreement  by  the  Union  and the  Company.   The

     change in hours would be 7 a.m. to 3  p.m. on  any

     given workday (s), Monday through Friday.   Either

     party to this agreement  can choose  to revert  to

     the contractual hours without  the mutual  consent

     of the other party  at any  time, with  reasonable

     notice, unless an emergency situation arises.

        

     Signed:

        

     By/s/     Michael R. Paquet              Date:  May 25, 1994
               Chief Steward

     By/s/     Thomas L. Biklen               Date:   May 25, 1994
               Operations Manager
</PAGE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              EXHIBIT A

               CONCORD ELECTRIC COMPANY
                   SCHEDULE OF WAGES

     Pay Period May 29, 1994 through May 31, 1997
   Contract Period June 1, 1994 through May 31, 1997

                                Rate Effective            
                         5/29/94    5/28/95    5/26/96
<S>                      <C>       <C>         <C>
Line Department                              
    Lineworker I - RG     20.06      20.71      21.33
    34.5 kV                                             
    Utility LineworkerI   19.86      20.49      21.09
    Lineworker I          19.46      20.09      20.69
    Lineworker II                            
    Fourth 6 months       16.73      17.27      17.79
    Third 6 months        16.01      16.53      17.03
    Second 6 months       15.21      15.70      16.17
    First 6 months        17.78      15.26      15.72
    Lineworker III                           
    Second 6 months       14.17      14.63      15.07
    First 6 months        13.32      13.75      14.16
    Lineworker                               
    Apprentice                                          
    Second 6 monhts       13.10      13.53      13.94
    First 6 months        12.89      13.31      13.71
Meter Department                             
    Meter Mechanic I      17.64      18.21      18.76
    Meter Mechanic II                        
       (Third 16          15.20      15.69      16.16
        months)                                             
    Meter Mechanic III                       
       (Second 16         13.83      14.28      14.71
        months)                                             
    Meter Mechanic                           
    Apprentice                                          
       (First 12          12.35      12.75      13.13
        months)                                             
    Operation             16.73      17.27      17.79
    Technician I                                        
    Operation                                
    Technician II                                       
       (Second 16         14.99      15.48      15.94
        months)                                             
    Operation                                
    Apprentice                                          
       (First 12          13.46      13.90      14.32
        months)                                             
Meter Readers                                
    Meter Reader I        13.68      14.12      14.54
    Meter Reader II                          
       (First 12          13.04      13.46      13.86
        months)                                             
Station Attendant                            
    Station Attendant I   16.04      16.56      17.06
    Station Attendant II  15.39      15.89      16.37
Maintenance                                  
Department                                              
    Automobile            17.09      17.65      18.18
    Mechanic I                                          
    Maintenance Worker    14.54      15.01      15.46
    Utility               14.00      14.46      14.89
    Maintenance Worker                                  
Stockroom                                    
    Stockclerk I          13.68      14.12      14.54
    Stockclerk II                            
       (First 12          12.11      12.50      12.88
        months)                                             
Office                                       
    Operation Office Clerk10.05      10.38      10.69
</TABLE>
</PAGE>
<PAGE>


                                              EXHIBIT B
                                            Page 1 of 2


                    DUES DEDUCTION

        I hereby authorize and direct Concord  Electric

     Company to deduct  union membership  dues from  my

     pay on a weekly basis.

        The  amount  of  dues  to be  deducted will  be

     determined by the Chief  Steward of  the Union  in

     accordance with the  by-laws of  Local Union  1837

     and   the   Constitution   of  the   International

     Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.

        The Chief Steward  will notify  the Company  in

     writing of the specific amount to be deducted  for

     each Union member.

        The Company will  notify the  Chief Steward  of

     the  Local  Union prior  to, or  contemporaneously

     with, any permanent hourly rate change of a  Union

     member  that  occurs  during  the  life  of   this

     agreement.

        The Chief Steward shall notify  the Company  in

     writing of any change in the amount to be deducted

     for any Union member and such  change will  become

     effective with such member's next pay check.

</PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                              EXHIBIT B

                                            Page 2 of 2
     
   IBEW L0CAL 1837 DUES AUTHORIZATION AND DEDUCTIONS

              Weekly                                        
    Member     Duess         Member's Signature     Date   
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
                                               
                                                      
I CERTIFY THESE AMOUNTS ARE CORRECT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE BY-LAWS OF LOCAL UNION 1837 AND THE
CONSTITUTION OF IBEW.

     ______________________________   Date  ________________
          Chief Steward
                      
</PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY'S LABOR AGREEMENT
<TEXT>





                        Agreement Between

                        Fitchburg Gas and
                     Electric Light Company

                               and

               The Brotherhood of Utility Workers
                      of New England, Inc.

                       Local Union No. 340


                  May 1, 1994 - April 30, 1997














                    TABLE OF CONTENTS                
                       AGREEMENT                           
                                                     
"A"                                                        
Article                                                          
                                                      Page
Preamble Employees Represented by the Brotherhood        1
                                                    
     I Definitions                                       1
    II Recognition of Brotherhood                        2
   III Brotherhood Membership Requirements               2
    IV Regular Wages                                     3
     V Overtime Compensation                             4
    VI Application of Rated Wage                         6
   VII Hours and Days of Work                            7
  VIII Days of Relief                                    8
    IX Meal Periods                                      9
     X Vacations                                        10
    XI Seniority                                        13
   XII Discipline, Suspension and Discharge             18
  XIII Grievance                                        18
   XIV Payroll Deductions                               20
    XV Pension Plan                                     20
   XVI Disability Retrogression Pay Plan                23
  XVII Disability Payment Plan                          25
 XVIII Group Insurance                                  28
   XIX 401(k) Plan                                      29
    XX Leaves of Absence                                29
   XXI Severance Pay Plan                               30
  XXII Bulletin Boards                                  31
 XXIII Effect of Agreement                              31
  XXIV Contractors                                      31
   XXV Working Conditions                               32
  XXVI Benefits                                         47
 XXVII Bargaining Unit Work                             49
XXVIII Union Business                                   49
  XXIX UNITIL Retiree Trust                             49
   XXX Safety                                           49
  XXXI No Discrimination                                50
 XXXII Duration and Termination                         50
XXXIII Successors                                       50
       Schedule of Wages                                52
       Roster 1 - Transportation                        52
       Roster 2 - General Clerical "A"                  52
       Roster 3 - Applicance Service                    52
       Roster 5 - Meter (Gas)                           53
       Roster 6 - Meter (Gas and Electric)              53
       Roster 7 - Street                                54
       Roster 8 -  Electric Distribution                54
       Roster 9 - Meter Readers                         56
       Roster 10 - General Clerical "B"                 56
       Roster 11 - Stores                               56
       Roster 12 - Janitorial                           56
       Roster 13 - Collection                           56
       Roster 15 - Repairs                              56
       Roster 16 - Electrical                           56
       Roster 19 - Gas Production                       57
       Roster 20 - Dig Safe                             57
       Clerical Progression and Pay Plan                57
       Policy with Reference to Rest Period             59
       Shift Differential                               60
       Sunday Premium                                   60
       Double Time on Second Day of Relief              60
       Off-Hour Coverage                                61
       Emergency Call Out                               62
Part "B" -  Retained Policies                         
            Not Incorporated in Part "A"              63 to 66
Part "C" -  Group Insurance Summary                   67 to 68
Part "D" -  Retained Letters of Intent                69 to 70
         -  Progression Charts                        71 to 73

     AGREEMENT made and entered into by FITCHBURG GAS AND
ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY, a Massachusetts corporation hereinafter
called the "Company" and THE BROTHERHOOD OF UTILITY WORKERS OF
NEW ENGLAND, INCORPORATED, LOCAL NO.  340, thereof, and the
employees of the Company who are now or may hereafter become
members of said Local, hereinafter called the "Brotherhood".

     WITNESSETH that:

     WHEREAS, the Brotherhood represents a majority of all
employees of the Company at its Fitchburg, Massachusetts plant,
excluding confidential employees, executives, foreman, crew
foreman, and all other supervisory employees who have authority
to hire, promote, discipline, discharge or effectively make such
recommendations, and has been designated by said majority to be
the exclusive representative of all said employees for the
purposes of collective bargaining with respect to rate of pay,
wages, hours of employment and other conditions of employment;
and

     WHEREAS, both the Company and the Brotherhood desire to
promote harmony and efficiency in the working forces so that the
employees and the Company may obtain mutual economic advantages
consistent with the duty of the Company as a public utility to
provide at all times an adequate and uninterrupted supply of
electric and gas services in the territory and communities which
it serves.

     NOW, THEREFORE:
     As to wages to be paid by the Company, as to working
conditions involved in the Company's operations, and as to the
application of the principle of seniority to changes in the
Company's forces, the parties hereto, each by its duly authorized
representatives, agree as follows:

                            ARTICLE I
                           DEFINITIONS

The Company and the Brotherhood mutually agree that for the
purpose of this agreement, the following definitions apply:

Regular Employee - one who, subject to a six (6) months'
probationary period, is hired on a regular basis.

Temporary Employee - one who is hired for a specific job and/or
period of time but who it is not intended shall become a regular
employee as defined above and whose employment is not intended to
last for more than (six) 6 months.  If his employment continues
for more than six (6) months, he becomes a "regular" employee as
defined above.

Part-time Employee - an employee who is hired to work less than
the regularly scheduled workweek.

                           ARTICLE II
                   RECOGNITION OF BROTHERHOOD

The Brotherhood is hereby recognized as the exclusive
representative of all employees of the Company at its Fitchburg,
Massachusetts plant, excluding confidential employees,
executives, foremen, crew foremen and all other supervisory
employees who have authority to hire, promote, discipline,
discharge or effectively make such recommendation for the
purposes of collective bargaining with respect to wages, hours of
employment and other conditions of employment.

                           ARTICLE III
               BROTHERHOOD MEMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS

The Company agrees that until the termination of this agreement
it will require as a condition of employment that all employees
subject to this agreement shall become members of the
Brotherhood.

The Company agrees that it shall require as a condition of
employment that all new employees hereafter employed by the
Company in any class of work to which this agreement applies
shall become members of the Brotherhood after the thirtieth day
following the beginning of their employment and shall continue as
members thereafter while this agreement is in effect and their
classification is subject to the terms of this agreement.  The
Company and the Brotherhood mutually agree that this provision in
no way affects the other terms and conditions of employment
applicable to temporary and probationary employees set forth in
this agreement.

Any employee who has been exempted from the Brotherhood
membership requirement under the provisions of this article but
who is transferred or demoted while this agreement is in effect
to a class of work which is subject to the Brotherhood membership
requirement shall become a member of the Brotherhood within
thirty (30) days after the effective date of such transfer or
demotion.

The provisions of this article shall not apply to anyone exempted
from the provisions of this agreement, nor to student engineers
who may be assigned from time to time to any of the departments
of the Company.

In no event will any employee be required, as a condition of
employment, to become a member of the Brotherhood until after the
thirtieth day following the beginning of his employment or the
effective date of this article, whichever is the later.

Any employee of the Company who at any time while this agreement
is in effect has been performing a class of work which is subject
to the Brotherhood membership requirements of this Agreement, but
who is subsequently transferred or promoted to a class of work
which is not subject to the Brotherhood membership requirements
of this Agreement shall have the privilege of withdrawing from
Brotherhood membership.

                           ARTICLE IV
                          REGULAR WAGES

Section 1.     Effective on the date indicated therein, employees
who are receiving the ultimate rate of the class to which they
are permanently assigned shall be paid wages in accordance with
the Schedule of Wages showing classifications and the rated wage
of each class.  Said Schedule of Wages of footnotes and
accompanying paragraphs are attached hereto and made a part
hereof, and are set forth at pages 52 to 58, inclusive, hereof.

Section 2.     If, upon the effective date of said schedule, an
employee is not receiving the ultimate rate of the class to which
he is permanently assigned, then, the present wage of such
employee shall be increased in an amount equal to the difference
between the ultimate rate of the class in effect at the time of
the last prior wage schedule and the ultimate rate of the class
of the wage schedule effective herein.

Section 3.     The following conditions shall control, limit,
restrict and govern the application of said schedule.

An employee, if awarded the next higher-rated job in the same
roster will receive the higher rate from the date of the award. 
In other cases where an employee is awarded a bargaining unit
job, the employee's rate of pay shall be as follows:

     (a) Twenty-five cents ($.25) per hour more than the
     employee's present rate of pay or the rate of the new job,
     whichever is less, no later than one
     week after the date of the award.

     (b) Twenty-five cents ($.25) per hour more than the rate
     arrived at in (a) above or the rate                              
     of the new job, whichever is less, thirty days from the date of
     the award.

     (c) The ultimate rate of the new job ninety (90) days from
     the date of the award.

Section 4.     Clerical Progression and Pay Plan (See Page 57) is
not subject to Section 3 above.

Section 5.     New employees hired during the term of this
agreement will receive a starting wage that shall not be less
than eighty-five per cent (85%) of the ultimate rate for the
class of work to which they are assigned.  When an employee has
completed his or her probationary period, the employee's rate of
pay shall be subject to the provisions of paragraphs (a), (b),
and (c) of Section 3 above, substituting "six months anniversary
date" for "date of the award" in that Section.

Section 6.     In no event shall the resulting wage from time to
time exceed the rated wage for the applicable class established
by the Schedules of Wages, attached hereto and made a part
hereof.

                            ARTICLE V
                      OVERTIME COMPENSATION

Section 1.     Employees subject to this agreement shall be paid
wages at the rate of time and one-half for all work that does not
occur within their regularly scheduled work day or week.

     (a)  Employees normally scheduled to work more or less than
eight (8) hours within a day shall be paid overtime at one and
one-half times their regular rate for all work that does not
occur within such scheduled hours provided that no employee shall
be paid both daily and weekly overtime on account of the same
hours of overtime worked.

     (b)  Employees, when required to work on their regularly
scheduled days of relief, shall be paid overtime at the rate of
one and one-half times their regular rate, subject to the
provision for double time on the second day of relief which is
the seventh day of work, a provision set forth in the paragraphs
following the schedule of wages attached hereto.  "Regular rate",
for the purpose of this section, shall mean the regular hourly
rate of the employees.  

Section 2.     Employees subject to this agreement shall be paid
a minimum of three (3) hours at the time and one-half or overtime
for actual time worked, whichever is greater, for each period of
time worked during unscheduled hours.

This minimum shall not apply:

     (a) In any case where employees are assigned to work
     continuous overtime from the end                                 
     of their regular workday, but in that event, payment shall
     be at the overtime rate for such                                 
     continuous time, or 

     (b) In any case where employees are called out or assigned
     during the lunch hour.

If an employee is scheduled in advance for overtime work on a day
of relief, he will be paid the minimum if the overtime work is
cancelled unless he is notified of the cancellation prior to the
close of the preceding regularly scheduled workday.  If no such
notice is given, the employee will report for work as scheduled,
unless otherwise notified.

If such overtime is scheduled on a regular workday, the minimum
will apply unless the employee is notified of cancellation prior
to the end of such regular workday.

When planned overtime is scheduled for Saturday, or Sunday, the
Company will notify the employees involved at least forty-eight
(48) hours prior to Saturday, to the extent such notice is
practicable and provided the Company has knowledge of the need
for scheduling such work sufficiently in time to give such
notice.  If notice is given, but the planned overtime is later
cancelled, the minimum penalty for cancellation of planned
overtime will not apply if notice of the cancellation is given
prior to the end of the regularly scheduled workday on Friday.

There will be a single overtime list for planned and unplanned
overtime.

The overtime equalization schedules on the Bulletin Boards are
regarded as an equalization of overtime agreement.

If  an employee is entitled to overtime under the equalization
provisions of the contract and is not requested to work such
overtime, the employee will be provided overtime work to be
assigned by the supervisor within seven days of acknowledgment by
the supervisor that the  employee was entitled to the overtime. 
Refusal of the overtime work by the employee will negate any
further penalties by the Company.

In the event there is a call out while the employee is on this
overtime assignment, the employee will be assigned the call out
even if he/she is not entitled to the call out based on the
equalization list.  The overtime assignment must be appropriate
for the classification of the employee.

The overtime assignment will be for a minimum of three hours or
longer if the call out extended for a longer period of time.

Section 3.     If an officer, steward, or committeeman of the
Brotherhood is unavailable for overtime work because of
Brotherhood business, such unavailability will not be charged
against him for purposes of determining whether there has been an
equitable distribution of overtime.

Section 4.     An employee on vacation for five (5) consecutive
days or is sick is not considered available for overtime and such
unavailability will not be charged against him for purposes of
determining whether there has been an equitable distribution of
overtime.  Vacation will commence at the end of the employee's
shift and end at the start of the employee's next scheduled
shift.

Section 5.     Emergency Storm Work Premium 5/1/87 
  
It is sometimes necessary to assign outside physical workers for
more than 24 hours because of severe storms causing extensive
interruptions to service.  The senior staff member responsible
for operations will determine when this policy goes into effect.

When these employees are so assigned to work for a period of more
than 24 hours under this policy, including travel time, the
method of payment will be as follows:

     (a) The outside physical workers so assigned will be paid
         for working time at the rate of
         one and one-half times their regular straight time rate and
         for rest time at their regular 
         straight time rate.

     (b) The Rest Period Policy will not apply during this
         emergency work when employees are 
         being paid under (a), but every effort will be made to give
         employees adequate rest time.
         It is intended that an employee who has worked continuously
         for sixteen hours be given at
         least eight hours rest and be paid for this rest time at his
         regular straight time rate, but if it
         is not given, the employee will be entitled to compensating
         rest time at a later time for that
         portion of the eight hours rest time which was not given.

     (c) If a holiday occurs during this assignment, working time
         shall be paid for at the rate of
         two and one-half times the regular straight time rate and
         rest time at the regular straight 
         time rate.

     (d) When the 24-hour period has ended and the emergency is
         over the normal method of
         payment and rest time procedures will be in effect.

                           ARTICLE VI
                    APPLICATION OF RATED WAGE

Section 1.     The application of a rate of pay shall be based on
the duties performed.

Section 2.     If, during the course of the daily work schedule,
an employee is temporarily assigned (but not promoted) to a
higher class of work for a period of three (3) hours or more,
such employee shall receive the scheduled wage of such higher
class for all hours worked within the daily work schedule.

Note:  This does not apply to employees in Clerical Wage
Structure Pg. 57.

Section 3.
(a)   Employees subject to the provisions of this agreement shall
receive normal straight-time compensation for eight (8) hours on
eleven (11) recognized holidays, as listed below:

          New Year's Day          January 1
          Martin Luther King      Third Monday in January
          Patriot's Day           Third Monday in April
          Memorial Day            Last Monday in May
          Independence Day        July 4
          Labor Day               First Monday in September
          Columbus Day            Second Monday in October
          Veterans Day            November 11
          Thanksgiving Day        Fourth Thursday in November
          Day after Thanksgiving  Fourth Friday in November
          Christmas Day           December 25

Employees who have completed six months of service are entitled
to receive a twelfth holiday, formerly the birthday holiday, to
be observed as follows:
     a)   On the employee's birthday,
     b)   Any day within the calendar year.

Department head approval is required if taken under option b.

If the legal holiday occurs on Saturday, one of the following
three options may be made available to one or more employees not
scheduled to work on that day, in lieu of normal straight-time
compensation, where the Department Head determines that it is
feasible to make the option available in that Department:

     a.  A day off on Friday preceding the Saturday holiday.
     b.  A day off on Monday following the Saturday holiday; or
     c.  A day off on any date following the holiday.

(b)  If employees are assigned to work on a holiday recognized
hereunder which occurs on a workday within their scheduled
workweek, they shall receive, in addition to the holiday pay
described in [a] and [b] above, time and one-half for all hours
worked in their normal schedule and two and one-half times their
normal straight-time rate for hours worked outside their normal
schedule within the holiday period, or the minimum, whichever is
greater.

(c)  If employees are assigned to work on a holiday recognized
hereunder which does not occur on a workday within their
scheduled workweek, they shall receive, in addition to the
holiday pay described in (a) and (b) above, twice their normal
straight-time rate for the first (8) hours worked and two and
one-half times their normal straight-time rate for time worked in
excess of eight (8) hours within the holiday period, or the
minimum, whichever is greater.

(d)  Existing Night Troublemen will work the Christmas and New
Year Schedule - Normally - one will work one Holiday - the other
Troubleman will work the other.

Section 4.     Where an employee of ten (10) years or more of
continuous service, because of disability, is or becomes unable
to continue to perform assigned duties based on classification as
of the date of disability, the rights of such employee and the
obligations of the Company under such circumstances shall be
determined in accordance with "Disability Retrogression Pay Plan"
included herein and made a part hereof under Article XVI on pages
23 to 25, inclusive.

Section 5.     Employees may be temporarily assigned to another
class of work in the same or a different roster for a temporary
period of time not to exceed fifteen (15) days per year.

Management shall determine the roster from which employees are
assigned.  The selection will be according to the following
criteria:
1.  Voluntary by seniority
2.  Junior qualified employee

Each temporary assignment shall be for a minimum of one (1) full day.
These assignments shall not be used to fill permanent vacancies.

                           ARTICLE VII
                     HOURS AND DAYS OF WORK

Section 1.     Eight (8) consecutive hours shall constitute the
regular daily assignment and five (5) days of eight (8)
consecutive hours shall constitute the regular weekly assignment
of all employees coming within the scope of this agreement,
insofar as such assignments do not interfere with presently
established practices.

Section 2.     Hours for Customer Services 
  
Employees assigned to the Customer Services section will have a
regular work schedule of 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., with a one-hour
lunch period.  If workload requirements change, the supervisor
will notify employees that the work schedule has been changed to
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. with a 20-minute paid lunch.

Two (2) positions,  one Customer Service and one Credit will be
the hours of 12 noon to 8:00 p.m..  These positions will be
posted and if necessary junior employees (new hires) will be
assigned.

Section 3.     Hours in Service Department 5/1/87    

The second shift in the Service Department will be:

     December 1st to March 31st   -  4:00 p.m. to 12:00 Midnight
     April 1st to November 30th     -  1:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.

Effective May 1, 1987, the schedule for the Consumer Aide
assigned to Dispatch will be 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Section 4.     Hours for Janitor 5/1/89

The hours of work of the Janitor will be Sunday 5:00 p.m. to 2:00
a.m. Monday, and 2:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Monday through Thursday.

Section 5.     Production Department - Hours of Work 

During the non-production season, LNG and Propane Plant
inspections will be performed on a mandatory planned overtime
basis on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays by Roster 19 personnel. 

Section 6.     Hours for Fleet Mechanic

The hours of work for the Fleet Mechanic will be as follows:
     April 1 to November 30 -    7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.  Monday - Thursday
                                 6:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.  Friday
     December 1 to March 31 -    7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.  Monday - Thursday
                                 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.  Friday

                          ARTICLE VIII
                         DAYS OF RELIEF

Section 1.     Days of relief now established shall not be
changed without good and sufficient cause.  When new positions
are created, days of relief shall be established for such new
positions and shall not be changed thereafter without good and
sufficient cause.

Section 2.     Whenever employees are replaced in any class of
work where continuous operation is necessary, the prevailing days
of relief established with each assignment within such class
shall not be changed without good and sufficient cause.

Section 3.     In departments or groups where continuous
operation is not necessary, every effort will be exerted by the
Company to establish the days of relief in accordance with the
desires of the employees.

Section 4.     Employees will not be compelled to change their
days of relief with other employees.

                           ARTICLE IX
                          MEAL PERIODS

Section 1.     A meal period of not less than thirty (30) minutes
nor more than one  (1) hour shall be arranged for employees
unless otherwise mutually agreed upon.

Section 2.     The meal period shall be assigned between the end
of the third hour after reporting for duty and the beginning of
the sixth hour after reporting for duty.

Section 3.     Where the nature of the service requires
continuous operation, eight (8) consecutive hours may be worked
during which twenty (20) minutes shall be allowed for lunch at
reasonable and convenient times without interruption of service
and without deduction in pay.

Section 4.
    (1)  From January 1 through December 31, employees in the
following Rosters will bring their lunch and will work a straight
eight (8) hours (as specified below) with a twenty (20) minute
lunch period provided, (normal lunch period to start four (4)
hours after starting time) and with no deduction in pay for this
twenty (20) minute period.

            Roster #3      8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
            Roster #5      8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
            Roster #6      8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
                       or, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
            Roster #9      8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
            Roster #16     7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

    (2)  From April 1 through November 30, employees in the
following Rosters will bring their lunch and will work a straight
eight (8) hours (as specified below) with a twenty (20) minute
lunch period provided, (normal lunch period to start four (4)
hours after starting time) and with no deduction in pay for this
twenty (20) minute period.

            Roster #7      7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
            Roster #8      7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
            Roster #15     7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

    (3)  From December 1 through March 31 employees in the
following Rosters will bring their lunch and will work a straight
eight (8) hours (as specified below) with a thirty (30) minute
lunch period provided, (normal lunch period to start four (4)
hours after starting time) and with no deduction in pay for this
thirty (30) minute period.

            Roster #7      7:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
            Roster #8      7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
            Roster #15     7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

    (4)  From January 1 through December 31, the stockman and
stock clerk will establish a work schedule to ensure coverage of
the stockroom from 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.  Meal schedules will
normally consist of one hour to be alternated between the two
classifications.  During any absence, coverage will be provided
by the remaining employee on an overtime basis, working a
straight eight (8) hours with a twenty (20) minute lunch period.

Section 5.      The Company will pay a meal allowance to an
employee when their normal meal period is disrupted by emergency
overtime work and the work period extends beyond three (3) hours.
In the event employees work two (2) or more hours of continuous
emergency overtime, after an eight (8) hour work period, and such
overtime extends through a normal meal period, the company will
pay a meal allowance for the employee.  If the overtime work ends
simultaneously with the expiration of two (2) hours after the end
of an eight (8) hour period, the company will pay an allowance of
$3.00 in lieu of a meal and meal period.  If the overtime work
ends within thirty (30) minutes after such two (2) hour periods
and the meal and meal period have not been given, the employee
will receive a meal allowance.  The above does not require the
furnishing or paying for a meal occurring during an eight (8)
hour work period on an employee's day of relief when the employee
is able to plan for such a meal.

The meal allowance is:
      Breakfast $  7.50
      Lunch     $  7.50                                                 
      Supper    $ 10.00                                                 

Emergency overtime is defined as overtime work where the notice
given the employee is twenty-four hours or less.

Section 6.      Employees engaged in emergency overtime work will
be paid an allowance for the normal meal period that is disrupted
and granted  a meal period of twenty (20) minutes without
deduction in pay and will be granted an allowance every six (6)
hours later.

Section 7.      When a regular meal period is established, it
shall not be changed without good and sufficient cause.

Section 8.     The meal allowance will not apply during
emergencies involving employees working more than eight (8) hours
beyond the normal work day.  During emergencies, the
reasonableness of the cost of the meal shall be subject to the
approval of the department head.

                            ARTICLE X
                            VACATIONS

Section 1.
     (a)  Employees continuously employed prior to June 1 for
less than one (1) year, but more than six (6) full months, will
be entitled to a vacation with straight-time pay for two (2)
normal working days for each full month of employment in excess
of six months prior to such June 1st.

     (b)  Employees, after one (1) year of continuous service
prior to June 1 of the year in which their vacation occurs, will
be entitled to two (2) weeks' vacation with straight-time pay.

     (c)  Employees with five (5) full years of continuous
service will be entitled to three (3) weeks' vacation beginning
in the year in which such service is completed.

     (d)  Effective 5/1/89, employees with ten (10) full years of
continuous service shall be entitled to four (4) weeks' vacation
beginning in the year in which such service is completed.

     (e)  Employees with twenty (20) full years of continuous
service shall be entitled to five (5) weeks' vacation beginning
in the year in which such service is completed.

     (f)  Employees with over twenty-five (25) years of service
shall be entitled to one (1) day of vacation for each full year
beginning with the twenty-sixth (26) year and ending with the
thirtieth (30) year, vacations beginning in the year in which
such service is completed.

Section 2.     Vacations will be granted according to a schedule
approved by the Company, and insofar as possible, seniority will
govern.  One (1) of the three (3) weeks of vacation, two (2) of
the four (4) weeks of vacation and three (3) of the five (5)
weeks of vacation for those employees who are eligible may be
scheduled by the Company at any time during the calendar year. 
If an employee is unable to start his vacation as scheduled, such
vacation will be rescheduled by the Company at the earliest
opportunity.

Section 3.     Employee's vacation pay will be the greater of his
regular straight-time pay at the time of vacation or the average
of his straight-time earnings in the previous calendar year.

Section 4.     If, during an employee's vacation period, a
holiday, recognized under this contract, falls on a normal
workday of the employee, he shall receive an additional day off
at a time to be designated by the Company, or in lieu thereof,
normal vacation pay, provided, however, in no event, will any
employee receive pay or time off for holidays in excess of that
described in Article VI, Section 3 on page 6.

Section 5.     All departments within the Company will distribute
vacation selection forms to be completed by December 31 for
scheduling vacations in January, February and March of the
following year.  Vacation schedule forms will be issued, and are
to be completed by April 30, for employees to select their
remaining vacations.

All months of the year will be used by all departments for
vacation scheduling.  Department Managers will exercise
discretion as to the number of employees on vacation at any one
time.

Section 6.      For purposes of vacation scheduling in the Street
Department and Line Department (exclusive of underground
personnel) the following provisions shall apply:

The year will be divided into the following three periods for
taking vacation.

      Period I: The prime period consisting of June, July,
                August and September.  During this period,
                employees may take up to two weeks of vacation.
      
      Period II:                                                
                The months of April, May, October, November and
                December.  During these months, an employee may
                take two weeks of vacation.
      
      Period III:                                               
                The months of January, February, and March. 
                During these months, an employee will take any
                remaining vacation not taken in Periods I and
                II.
      
Not more than four (4) linemen may be on vacation at the same
time during Period I and Period II, December only.  Not more than
two (2) linemen may be on vacation at the same time during Period
II, except December.  Department Head approval is required for
more than four (4) linemen to be on vacation at the same time in
December.  Single days of vacation may be taken in Periods I and
II, on the same basis as at present; namely, one (1) day for each
week of vacation taken in the period, but they may be taken out
of any of the scheduled vacation weeks in either Periods I and II
instead of the scheduled vacation in the Period in which the
single day is taken.

Section 7.     It is recognized that it is generally desirable
for vacations to be taken not less than a full week at a time. 
However, for good reasons and where it can be done without cost
or inconvenience to the Company, an employee will be permitted to
take vacations less than a week at a time where sufficient notice
is given and the Department Head approves.

Section 8.     An employee who is separated from the payroll,
whether by means of resignation, retirement or pension, discharge
or layoff, shall be paid such vacation pay as he is entitled to
receive in that calendar year and which he has not already
received.

Section 9.     Where an employee becomes ill, or a member of his
immediate family dies just prior to his scheduled vacation, the
vacation will be rescheduled upon his request; scheduled vacation
will not be rescheduled if the illness commences after the
beginning of the scheduled vacation.

However, if the death of an immediate member of the family (as
defined in Article XX, Pg. 29) occurs after the beginning of the
scheduled vacation, and the time lost, for the purpose intended,
would have been in their normal work schedule, such time will be
rescheduled, at a mutually agreed upon later date.

Section 10.    For purposes of vacation scheduling in Roster 9
(Meter Reading), the following shall apply:  During the period of
June, July and August, employees may take up to two (2) weeks of
vacation but not more than two (2) employees may be on vacation
at the same time during this period.  During the remainder of the
year only one (1) meter reader may be on vacation at any time.

Section 11.    Vacation Entitlement - Personal or Medical Leave  

When an employee is on personal or medical leave (Policy A, Pg.
65) for more than twenty-five (25) days in a calendar year, the
employee's vacation entitlement for the following year will be
prorated based on the number of days the employee is paid wages
vs. the number of days of personal or medical leave taken during
the year.

  Example:  Employee is out for 26 weeks (26 x 5 = 130 days) on
  medical leave.  Employee will have  5 years of seniority in
  March, 1992.  Employee would have 3 weeks (15 days) of
  vacation entitlement.  Because the employee was out for 130
  days in 1991, employee would be credited with 130/260 = .5 x
  15 = 7.5 days.

                           ARTICLE XI
                            SENIORITY

Section 1.     Seniority progression charts showing all classes
of employees subject to this agreement and the seniority movement
of such employees between classes hereinafter provided for have
been prepared jointly by the Company and the Brotherhood.  Roster
sheets showing the names, classifications, Company seniority, and
class seniority ratings of all employees subject to each
seniority progression chart have been prepared and posted.  The
Company shall prepare and post quarterly, revised roster sheets
showing any changes affecting the employees on such sheets.

Any employee subject to this agreement who is aggrieved by any
change in seniority rating may, within thirty (30) days after
such change is posted, and not thereafter, request the Company to
correct such rating, and upon adequate proof of error, it shall
be corrected in accordance with the  facts.

Section 2.     It is agreed, that when an employee is assigned to
a position, which is not subject to the rules of the Agreement,
on a temporary basis, his seniority status will continue in the
class which he held at the time of the assignment.

An employee promoted, on a regular basis, to a position in which
he is not subject to the rules of the Agreement, and subsequently
returns to a classification which is subject to the rules of the
Agreement, shall have his seniority status, for unit seniority
purposes, reflect only that time served in the Bargaining Unit;
i.e., the employee would return to the bottom of the
classification from which he came with the seniority he had at
the time of his promotion.  This period of time will not exceed
ninety (90) days.

Section 3.     Seniority shall begin when an employee was or
shall be first hired by the Company, except that where an
employee has been dismissed and rehired or has voluntarily left
the employ of the Company and has been rehired, seniority shall
begin when such employee was last hired.  The seniority rating of
employees shall be as follows:  

     (a)  Any present employee of the Company who was in the
employ of the Company when seniority was first adopted (June 2,
1946) shall receive credit (in the class of work in which he is
then employed) for all prior employment with the Company.

     (b)  Any present employee of the Company who was hired
subsequent to June 2, 1946, shall receive credit beginning with
his last hiring date and continuing during the term hereof in
each class of work in which he has been or is hereafter regularly
assigned.

     (c)  The foregoing provisions of this section shall not
apply to new employees until they have been continuously employed
for a period of six (6) months, but thereafter these provisions
shall apply to such employees.

If because of a reduction-in-forces an employee is demoted from a
class of work to which he was assigned on the date when seniority
first became effective as aforesaid, such employee shall be
assigned to the head of the list in the class to which he is
demoted, but an employee promoted after said date and
subsequently demoted because of a reduction in forces shall
revert to that place on the list in the lower class which he held
before his promotion; provided, however, that when forces are
reduced in the lowest class, necessitating the furloughing of
employees, the employee in such class having the shortest total
period of service with the Company shall be furloughed first, and
so on up through the class.

Employees assigned to any class of work in one department of the
Company, if furloughed out of their class of work because of a
reduction-in-forces, shall be re-assigned by the Company to the
same class of work in the same or some other department of the
Company if there is another such class, and, if there is not
another such class, then to some other class, provided such
furloughed employees are qualified by fitness and ability to
perform the work in the new class.  When so reassigned, such
employees shall have the same seniority rating in the new class
which they had in the class from which they were furloughed and
they shall displace juniors in the new class.

New employees shall be deemed to be on trial for a period of six
months from the date of hiring and within such period the Company
shall have the right to discharge any new employee whenever in
the opinion of the Company he has not qualified for the work for
which he was hired or for other work to which he may be assigned.

The Company shall have the right in its discretion to employ
temporary forces for emergencies, vacation relief, or in other
unusual situations, and seniority shall not apply to employees in
such forces.

The Company may employ student engineers in any class, the total
number of student engineers so employed not to exceed three
percent (3%) of the number of employees of the Company, and the
Company in its discretion and without regard to seniority may
assign the work of student engineers in any class or may transfer
them from class to class, but in the event that student engineers
are assigned to positions permanently such assignments shall be
subject to the seniority rights of regular employees affected
thereby.

Section 4.     If there is seniority movement between the classes
involved, when a vacancy occurs in any class, the employee senior
in the next lower class shall be entitled to promotion to the
vacancy if his fitness and ability qualify him for the position,
and when forces are reduced, the last man in the class affected
shall be furloughed first, and so on up through the class,
employees so furloughed having the rights to displace juniors in
a lower class if qualified by fitness and ability.

An employee accepting promotion or transfer to a new class after
June 2, 1948, shall have seniority in the new class beginning
with the date of such acceptance, and he will retain unimpaired
his seniority in the former class without the right, however, to
displace juniors in the former class as long as he may have
employment in the new class in any position for which he is
qualified by fitness and ability.  

Section 5.     If there is no seniority movement between the
classes involved and forces are reduced in a class, an employee
who was transferred to such class from another class shall return
to his former class without loss of seniority in that class if
then qualified by fitness and ability to perform the work in his
former class.

Section 6.     In the event of a vacancy in an existing position
or in a newly created position within each class in any
department, notice of the vacancy will be posted at places
accessible to employees affected in that department and,
Company-wide in all other departments, and shall remain posted
for a period of seven (7) days, within which time applicants
eligible and desiring to fill such vacancy shall apply in writing
to the official of the Company designated in the notice.  Such
notice shall also set forth the title of the position to be
filled, hours of work, days of relief, rate of pay and outline of
duties.  The bidders will be considered in the following order
and the senior qualified bidder will be awarded the job:

      (1) Employees with seniority who have previous time in the class
          where the vacancy exists, in the order of their seniority in that
          classification.

      (2) Employees with seniority in the next lower class in the
          same roster, in the order of
          their classification seniority in that classification.

      (3) Employees with seniority in each lower class, in order,
          in the same roster,  in the
          order of classification seniority within each such class.

      (4) Employees with seniority in a class, if any, above the
          vacancy and in the same roster,                                  
          in the order of seniority in such higher classification.

      (5) Employees with seniority from other rosters, considered
          in the order of their 
          Company seniority.

Within one (1) week after expiration of the posting period the
Company shall assign the accepted applicant to such vacancy or
newly created position.  If the Company anticipates a problem
will arise in making the assignment within one (1) week, the
Company agrees to discuss this with the Union in advance.  When
such vacancies occur in positions that are to be refilled, the
Company will post notice within one (1) week.

Any employee assigned to a new position shall have thirty (30)
days in which to qualify.  If he is unable to qualify, he may
return to the class from which he came without loss of seniority
rating therein.  If in the opinion of the Company he is
competent, he shall not return to the class from which he came
until a vacancy occurs in that class.

Section 7.      The seniority status of an employee transferred
to a new position or vacancy in another department in accordance
with the preceding Section shall begin on the date of his
assignment to the new class and he will retain unimpaired his
seniority in the former class without the right, however, to
displace juniors in the former class as long as he may have
employment in the new class in any position for which he is
qualified by fitness and ability.

Section 8.      When forces are increased in any class,
furloughed employees shall be given preference over applicants
not previously employed by the Company if they are qualified by
fitness and ability to perform the work in the class of service
affected.

When employees are furloughed from several classes and a vacancy
later occurs in a particular class, furloughed employees from the
class where the vacancy occurs shall have preference.

Furloughed employees shall notify the Company in writing on or
about the first day of each calendar month that they are
available for re-employment, and if offered work by the Company
for which they are qualified, they must accept it in writing and
report for work within seven (7) days, and furloughed employees
failing so to notify the Company of their availability for a
period of six (6) months or to accept as aforesaid work so
offered shall forfeit all seniority rating.

Section 9.                                                    6/1/67   
     In reducing and increasing forces, in making promotions, and
in making appointments to fill vacancies occurring in any class
with employees in the same class in which the vacancies occur, or
from other classes, all as provided in the foregoing sections,
the Company shall determine the fitness and ability of all
applicants for new or different positions.  In determining
fitness and ability of any applicant from another roster, the
desire and ability of such applicant to advance to higher
classifications in the roster to which the bid is made will be
contributing factors.
 
Should reduction of forces become necessary for any reason, the
Brotherhood will be consulted and every attempt made to achieve
the reduction by attrition.  In the event that employees are
displaced from their classification by reason of a reduction in
forces, the following will apply:

          (1) The Company will discuss the matter with the Local Union.

          (2) Such employee may displace other employees of the
              Company pursuant to the Seniority  provisions of the agreement.

          (3) The wage rate of employees upon such transfer to
              lower rated jobs will be as follows:

Continuing Service at Date of Reduction                          
        Total Reduction

Employees with ten (10) or more years of           No reduction           
continuous service.

Employees with nine (9) but less than ten (10)     $1 per week after 6 months 
years of continuous service.

Employees with eight (8) but less than nine (9)    $2 per week after 6 months
years of continuous service.

Employees with seven (7) but less than eight (8)   $2 per week after 6 months
years of continuous service.                       $1 per week after 12 months 

Employees with six (6) but less than seven (7)     $2 per week after 6 months
years of continuous service.                       $2 per week after 12 months 

Employees with five (5) but less than six (6)      $2 per week after 6 months
years of continuous service.                       $2 per week after 12 months
                                                   $1 per week after 18 months 

Employees with less than five (5) years of    No reduction for first 6 months; a
continuous service.                           reduction of $2 per week at the
                                              beginning of the second and
                                              successive periods of 6 months
                                              unitl the rate wage equals the
                                              ultimate of the lower
                                              classification

4.  Employees reduced to a lower-rated job classification are
required to bid vacancies they are qualified to perform as they
may occur in the former classification or in other higher rated
jobs unless the Company and the Brotherhood feel there are
extenuating circumstances.  Employees failing to bid, or accept
assignments, may have their wages reduced.  All assignments will
be made in accordance with the seniority provisions of the
contract.

5.  If an employee is transferred to a lower-rated job under the
above and bids for and is awarded a job with a lower ultimate,
the difference in ultimates will be deducted from his rate unless
the Company and the Brotherhood feel there are extenuating
circumstances.

6.  If, after such transfer, a general wage increase is made on a
percentage basis, the employee shall receive eighty percent (80%)
of said general increase, the percentage to be figured on the
adjusted rate prior to applying the eighty percent (80%).

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
By (s) F. Manley
          President

Section 10.    Any employee who, subsequent to the enactment of
the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, left the employ
of the Company to enter any of the armed forces of the United
States of America, will retain the same seniority status that he
would have had if he had remained in the employ of the Company
during the period of his absence, provided that his military
service is terminated by an honorable discharge and that within
ninety (90) days thereafter he shall apply in writing to the
Company for re-employment.  The Company shall assign such an
employee according to his seniority status provided he is then
qualified by fitness and ability to perform the work in his
class, but, if he is mentally or physically unfit to perform the
work in his class, the Company shall endeavor to provide him with
employment in any class of work in any department of the Company
for which the Company deems him to be mentally, physically and
otherwise qualified, and provided also that his total length of
service with the Company, including the aforesaid military
service, shall be greater than that of the employee to be
displaced.

Section 11     The Company agrees to grant to regular employees
of the Company such reasonable leaves of absence, without pay for
transacting official union business of the Brotherhood, in such
numbers and for such length of time as the Company shall
determine.  Any such employee who returns to the employ of the
Company at the expiration of his leave of absence will be
credited with the seniority that such employee would have had if
he had remained in active service with the Company during the
leave of absence and shall be assigned to the classification in
his roster to which such seniority entitles him, provided such
employee is then qualified by fitness and ability to perform the
work of such classification.

                           ARTICLE XII
              DISCIPLINE, SUSPENSION AND DISCHARGE

Section 1.    If any employee is disciplined, suspended or
discharged, a meeting will be held between the Company and the
Union Grievance Committee within a reasonable time.  The
Brotherhood may in its discretion within seven (7) days from the
date upon which such employee is disciplined, suspended or
discharged request the Company to grant a hearing to such an
employee, such request to be in writing, registered and mailed to
the President of the Company.

Hearings will be held by the President of the Company or by a
department head or other officer of the Company designated by the
President within one (1) week after receipt of such written
request.

Section 2.    If an employee is charged with the violation of
Company rules or any other offense, and a hearing is requested
under Section 1, the Brotherhood shall be furnished with a
statement of the charge in writing.

At the hearing, the Brotherhood shall represent the employee
disciplined, suspended or discharged and may present witnesses.

Section 3.    If the employee is exonerated, he will be restored
to service without prejudice and shall be compensated for any
loss in wages caused by such discipline, suspension or discharge.

                          ARTICLE XIII
                           GRIEVANCE  

Section 1.    Any dispute arising during the term hereof shall be
treated as a grievance and every reasonable endeavor shall be
made to settle such dispute by agreement between the Grievance
Committee of the Brotherhood and the President of the Company or
his representatives.  Within ten (10) working days, any grievance
shall be presented in writing to the employee's immediate
supervisor.

Section 2.      If the employee's immediate supervisor cannot
satisfactorily resolve the grievance as stated in Section 1, it
shall be referred to the Department Head.

Section 3.      Within ten (10) working days of such submission
as stated in Section 2, a meeting shall be arranged between the
grievant, the Union Steward, the Supervisor and the Department
Head.

Section 4.      Within ten (10) days, if the grievance is not
satisfactorily resolved by the meeting as stated in Section 3,
the grievance may be submitted to the President of the Company,
or his designees.  Within five (5) working days of such
submission, a meeting shall be arranged between the Union
Grievance Committee and the President or his designees.  The
Company shall reply in writing to the grievant within five (5)
working days after the meeting.

Section 5.      If the response given pursuant to Section 4 above
does not satisfactorily adjust a grievance, the grievance may be
submitted in writing to arbitration within sixty (60) working
days of the date of the written response pursuant to Section 4
above.

Section 6.    The party requesting arbitration shall do so by
delivering to the other party a notice in writing setting forth
its statement of the matter in dispute.  If a party requests
arbitration and so notifies the other in writing and thereafter
either party fails or neglects to name its arbiter within ten
(10) days after receipt of such request, it shall be construed
that the party failing or neglecting to name its arbiter as
aforesaid has waived its right to arbitration of the particular
dispute, and in that event the demands of the other party shall
be conceded unless it so happens that both parties fail or
neglect to name arbiters within the time provided.

Section 7.    Any grievance not presented in accordance with
applicable time limits or other requirements in the steps listed
above shall be automatically foreclosed and considered settled
and shall constitute a denial of the grievance.  By mutual
agreement the parties may extend the time limits in any of the
steps listed above.

Section 8.      Arbitration shall be conducted through a Board of
Arbitration consisting of one (1) representative selected by the
Union, one (1) representative selected by the Company and an
impartial Chairman mutually chosen by the parties.  The procedure
for Arbitration shall be as follows;

      A. The Union representative and Company representative
         shall meet forthwith to choose 
         an impartial Chairman, but no later than fifteen (15)
         calendar days from the date of the 
         demand of arbitration.  If no selection can be made within
         such fifteen (15) day period, 
         then either party may request lists from the American
         Arbitration Association and 
         selection shall be made in accordance with the rules of the
         service.

      B. Hearings and post hearing activities shall be conducted
         in accordance with the voluntary labor arbitration rules of service.  

      C. The decision of a majority of the Board shall be the decision of the
         Board of Arbitration.  The Board shall have no powerto change, 
         amend, modify, or otherwise 
         alter the provisions of this Agreement.  The decision of
         the Board, which shall contain a 
         full written statement of the grounds upon which the issue
         or issues are decided, shall be 
         final and binding on the Union and the Company.


      D. Each party shall bear the expense of preparing and
         presenting its own case.  The 
         compensation and expense of the impartial Chairman and any
         other expenses of such 
         Board shall be borne equally by the parties.

      E. At the meeting with the impartial Chairman it will be
         discussed and agreed to that the 
         impartial Chairman is required to return  a decision within
         sixty (60) days of the  hearing.

Section 9.      The Company shall have the right to grieve and
arbitrate any dispute which arises concerning the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

Section 10.     While this agreement is in effect, there shall be
no authorized or sanctioned cessation, retarding or stoppage of
work because of any dispute which may result from any
interpretation of this agreement or for any cause whatsoever.  If
an employee represented by the Brotherhood and subject to the
terms and conditions of this agreement who, without the authority
and sanction of the Brotherhood, voluntarily absents himself from
work because of any dispute or demand, he may be denied further
employment or suspended at the option of the Company.

                           ARTICLE XIV
                       PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS

The Company agrees to deduct weekly from earned wages and remit
to the Brotherhood, the dues of those employees who are members
of the Brotherhood and not exempt from the provisions of this
agreement, in an amount individually authorized in a manner and
on a form approved by the Union and the Company.

                           ARTICLE XV
                          PENSION PLAN

A pension plan is provided for employees and is briefly outlined
below.  In the event there shall be enacted state or federal
legislation which conflict with the terms of the below plan,
state or federal legislation will govern.

Eligibility

Any employee of the Company who has completed at least ten (10)
years of continuous service in the employ of the Company may
retire on a pension upon the terms and subject to the provisions
and conditions hereinafter set forth:

      (1) An employee shall be entitled to retire upon or after
          attaining the age of 65 years but 
          may continue in the active employ of the Company after
          reaching the age of 65 so long 
          as, in the judgment of the Company, he or she is qualified
          to perform the services 
          required of him or her.

      (2) An employee who has completed fifteen (15) years of
          credited service shall be 
          entitled to retire before attaining the age of 65 years if 
          he or she becomes unable to 
          perform his or her work for the Company because of a
          permanent disability, and if such 
          disability is evidenced by a certificate from a doctor
          chosen by the employee, concurred 
          in by a doctor selected by the Company.

      (3) An employee who has completed ten (10) years of
          credited service shall have the 
          option to retire at age 60 with a pension calculated on the
          basis of his or her then 
          attained age and years of service with the Company with a
          deduction of three-tenths of 
          one percent (0.3%) multiplied by the number of months
          between the employee's attained 
          age at the time of retirement and sixty-fifth (65th)
          birthday.

Determination of Amount of Normal Retirement Benefits

The basis for the computation of the amount of pension shall be
the employee's average straight-time annual wage for the last
five (5) years of service or the employee's average straight-time
wage for any consecutive five (5) year period during the
employee's last fifteen (15) years of service, whichever amount
is the larger.  The word "wage" as herein used shall mean
straight-time wages, exclusive of overtime, bonuses,
supplementary incentive compensation, or other forms of
nonrecurring compensation.

Based upon an average straight-time annual wage determined as
above stated, the employee shall be eligible for an annual
pension payable monthly in advance, computed as follows:

      a. 2% of your average annual earnings for each of the first
twenty (20) years of credited service:
                              PLUS
      b. 1% of your average annual earnings for the next ten (10)
years of credited service:
                              PLUS
      c. 1/2 % of your average annual earnings for each year of
credited service in excess of  thirty (30) years.
                              MINUS
      d. 25% of your primary Social Security Benefit (according
to the law as in effect on
December 31 of the year proceeding your retirement).

Nothwithstanding anything hereinbefore contained, the minimum
annual pension from the Company shall, irrespective of whether
the employee concerned is entitled to any benefits under said
Social Security Act, be eight hundred (800) dollars.

Form of Benefits

  Normal Form of Benefits

  A.     Monthly Annuity for Life:
         An employee who is unmarried at retirement will receive
         a retirement benefit as a 
         monthly annuity for as long as the employee lives.  Upon
         death, no death benefits 
         will be payable to any beneficiary.
  B.     Joint and Survivor Annuity:
         An employee who is married on the date his retirement
         benefit commences will 
         receive a retirement benefit in the form of a "qualified
         joint and survivor annuity" 
         unless both the employee and the employee's spouse elect
         to waive this form of 
         benefit.  A qualified joint and survivor annuity is an
         actuarially reduced annuity 
         payable for the life of the employee with a survivor
         annuity for the life of the 
         employee's spouse equal to one-half of the amount
         payable during the joint lives of 
         the employee and spouse.  The actuarial reduction is
         based upon the life expectancies 
         of the employee and spouse on the employee's retirement
         date.

Optional Form of Benefits

  A,     Continguent Annuitant Option:
         An employee may elect, instead of the retirement benefit
         as heretofore provided, to 
         have reduced retirement benefits made commencing on the
         employee's retirement 
         date, and after death such reduced payments, or any
         lesser amount selected by the 
         employee, will be continued to the designated
         beneficiary, if living after the 
         employee's death, for the beneficiary's lifetime.

  B.     Ten (10) Year Certain and Life Annuity:
         An employee may elect that the retirement benefit
         payable on his/her retirement date 
         be reduced with the guarantee that not less than one
         hundred and twenty (120) 
         monthly payments will be made either to him/her or the
         named beneficiary who survives him/her.

  C.     Five (5) Year Certain and Life Annuity:
         An employee may elect that the retirement benefit
         payable on his/her retirement date 
         be reduced with the guarantee that not less than sixty
         (60) monthly payments will be 
         made either to him/her or the named beneficiary who
         survives him/her.

Election of an option in A, B, or C above must be made in writing
within the period commencing ninety (90) days prior to the date
the benefit is to commence and ending on such commencement date.

Spouse's Benefits

  A.     The Surviving Spouse Benefit will be payable under the
         following conditions:

         1. The employee dies prior to retirement and is vested
            as of the date of death.
         2. On the date of death, the employee is married and has
            been married for at least 
            one (1) year prior to his date of death.

  B.     The Surviving Spouse Benefit will be as follows:

         1. The benefit will be computed at fifty percent (50%)
            of the employee's retirement 
            benefit, computed as of the employee's then attained age
            and years of service, and a 
            three-tenths of one percent (0.3%) deduction multiplied
            by the number of months 
            between the employee's attained age at the time of death
            and the date he would have 
            reached age sixty-five (65); provided, however, that if
            such computation results in a 
            figure which is less than four hundred (400) dollars per
            year, the figure will be 
            increased to four hundred (400) dollars per year.

         2. The benefit will be paid monthly in advance as a
            monthly annuity for life 
            commencing on the first day of the month next following
            the date of the employee's death.

Vesting

An employee's pension benefit will become vested (a right to a
deferred benefit at age 65) after completing at least five (5)
years of credited service following his 18th birthday.

Funding

The pension plan will continue to be funded, with all
contributions from the Company.  It is understood that the
retirement plan will meet the requirements for approval by the
Internal Revenue Service and will be actuarially sound.

The specific details of the pension plan will be as described in
the retirement plan documents.  In the event of any conflict
between this summary and the Plan Document, the Plan Document
will govern.  While the Company expects to continue indefinitely
the benefits provided for under this pension plan, it agrees to
continue them only for the term of the agreement with The
Brotherhood of Utility Workers of New England, Incorporated,
Local No. 340, effective May 1, 1994.

                           ARTICLE XVI
                DISABILITY RETROGRESSION PAY PLAN

I.   Non-Compensable Disability

In the event an employee with ten (10) full years of continuous
service or more becomes unable to perform his normal duties
because of a disability for which he is not receiving Workmen's
Compensation Benefits, the Company shall provide him with work,
provided he is able to perform such work.  If such employee
refuses to accept such work, the obligation of the Company
hereunder shall be discharged.  In the event an employee with
less than ten (10) full years of service becomes unable to
perform his normal duties because of a disability for which he is
not receiving Workmen's Compensation Benefits and if the Company
is able to provide him with work which he is capable of
performing, he shall be assigned to such work.  The adjusted pay
rate in either case shall be determined by the following PLAN
shown below.

A.   FUTURE RETROGRESSION

     1.  Less than ten (10) full years of continuous service at
         time of retrogression.

       a.  An employee with less than ten (10) full years of
           continuous service with the Company at time of
           retrogression shall receive the ultimate base rate of
           his new job classification.
       
       b.  The new rate shall become effective at the time of
           such retrogression.

     2.  Ten (10) full years and less than twenty-five (25) full
         years of continuous service at time of retrogression.

        a.  An employee with ten (10) full years or more of
            continuous service with the Company at the time of retrogression
            shall receive an ADJUSTED pay rate equal to the ultimate base
            rate of his new job classification.
                               PLUS


for each full year of continuous service an additional four
percent (4%) of the differential between the pay rate of his new
job classification and the employee's AVERAGE pay rate, except
that in no case shall the ADJUSTED rate be greater than the
AVERAGE rate, or less than the ultimate base rate of his new job
classification.  The AVERAGE pay rate shall be determined by
finding the weighted average of the pay rates for all job
classifications the employee has held for the five (5) year
period immediately preceding his date of retrogression.  In
making this computation, ultimate base rates in effect at the
time of retrogression shall be used.

          b.  The employee's pay rate shall be reduced to the
ADJUSTED pay rate in steps of ten cents ($.10) per hour or four
dollars ($4.00) per week every six (6) months, except that the
last reduction step may be ten cents ($.10) per hour or four
dollars ($4.00) per week or less as necessary to reach the
ADJUSTED pay rate exactly.  The first reduction step shall occur
six (6) months from the effective date of retrogression.

     3.   Twenty-five (25) full years or more of continuous
          service at time of retrogression.
          a.  An employee with twenty-five (25) full years or
more of continuous service with the Company at the time of
retrogression shall retain the ultimate pay rate of the
classification from which he is retrogressed.

II.   Compensable Disability

In the event an employee with ten (10) full years of continuous
service or more becomes unable to perform his normal duties
because of a disability for which he is receiving Workmen's
Compensation Benefits, the Company shall provide him with work,
provided he is able to perform such work.  If such employee
refuses to accept such work, the obligation of the Company
hereunder shall be discharged.  In the event an employee with
less than ten (10) full years of service becomes unable to
perform his normal duties because of a disability for which he is
receiving Workmen's Compensation benefits and if the Company is
able to provide him with work which he is capable of performing,
he shall be assigned to such work.  His ADJUSTED pay rate in
either case shall be determined as set forth under 1 (A) of this
PLAN except that the following shall apply:

      A. If, at the time of retrogression, the employee is
receiving compensation for partial disability, the Company will
pay such amounts so that the employee's total compensation from
the Company and from such Disability Benefits will equal the
adjusted pay rate.

      B. The date the employee commences work at his lower
         classification shall be considered as the date of retrogression.

III.  General Provisions Applicable to I and II of the PLAN

      A.   In all computations, only FULL YEARS of service shall
           be used.

      B.   ADJUSTED pay rates established under the PLAN shall be
           figured to the nearest                                           
           cent except where the rate figures exactly to a half-cent.

      C.   An employee with ten (10) or more full years of
           continuous service receiving an
           ADJUSTED pay rate under the PLAN shall hold the title
           of his new job 
           classification with the word "SPECIAL" appended thereto.

      D.   A physician appointed by the Company in all cases
           shall consult with such 
           employee's family physician and in the event of
           disagreement as to the employee's 
           condition and/or ability to perform the work of any
           particular class, the case shall 
           be referred to a recognized specialist or clinic in
           the field of medicine involved, 
           whose opinion will be final and binding upon all parties.

      E.   No change in GROUP INSURANCE classification shall
           result from such retrogression.

      F.   General increases will be figured on the adjusted pay
           rate of a retrogressed employee.

      G.   An employee transferred to a lower classification
           under the PLAN shall be assigned without posting the job.

      H.   References to continuous service in the Company shall
           include service with affiliated companies.

      I.   If an employee who is being compensated under the
           provision of this PLAN is 
           again transferred to one or more lower or higher rated
           classifications, his new 
           ADJUSTED rate upon each such transfer shall be
           computed as if the employee 
           had been transferred to such lower or higher
           classification initially, using all 
           factors applicable at the time of the first
           retrogression.  The resultant rate shall be 
           corrected to reflect all wage adjustments which were  
           made in such classification 
           since the date of the initial retrogression.

      J.   The Company may, in its discretion, withhold the
           provisions of this PLAN from 
           employees who also engage in work for other than the
           Company or its affiliates.

                          ARTICLE XVII
                     DISABILITY PAYMENT PLAN

The following Disability Payment Plan relates to payment of wages
for time not worked on account of sickness or injury.

Workmen's Compensation Benefits, as referred to below, are
benefits payable under Workmen's Compensation Laws for disability
caused by occupational injury of disease.

1.   PERMISSIBLE BENEFITS FOR ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES

     A regular Employee is eligible for disability pay due to
sickness or accident.  A regular Part-Time Employee is eligible
for pro rata disability pay on the basis of his scheduled weekly
hours as a percentage of forty (40) hours.  A temporary Employee
is eligible for Workmen's Compensation benefits only.  New
employees will become entitled to disability pay due to sickness
or accident upon attaining the status of a Regular Employee, six
(6) months after date of hire.

2.   AMOUNT AND PERIOD OF DISABILITY BENEFITS

     A.   Non-Occupational Disabilities
          1.   For the first week of temporary disability, except
as otherwise provided in  succeeding paragraphs, and subject to
such evidence as may be required, wages or salary for a normal
workweek will be paid.

          2.   After the first week of a temporary disability,
subject to the limits outlined below and with the approval of the
President of the Company or his designee, full normal wages or
salary will be paid for not longer than one (1) week for each
completed year of continuous service.

     B.   Occupational Disabilities
          1.   For the first two (2) weeks of temporary
disability except as otherwise provided in succeeding paragraphs,
and subject to such evidence as may be required, wages or salary
for two (2) normal workweeks will be paid.

          2.  After the first two (2) weeks of temporary
disability, subject to the limits outlined below and with the
approval of the President of the Company or his designee, full
normal wages or salary will be paid for not longer than two (2)
weeks for each completed year of continuous service.

     C.   Continuous service shall be defined as that service
dating from the employee's last employment by the Company,
subject, however, to the conditions established under the
Break-in Service Credit Policy.

      D.       Limit on Benefits Beyond First Week
          1.   Non-Occupational Disabilities
               The determination of the number of weeks during
which salary or wages will be paid beyond the first week of a
temporary disability shall be computed at the beginning of each
week as follows:  From the total number of weeks of pay to which
the employee is entitled, based on his completed years of service
to that date, deduct the total number of weeks and fractional
parts thereof, of disability for which the employee received
wages or salary during the preceding fifty-two (52) consecutive
weeks, except that there shall not be any deduction for the first
week of any previous temporary disability.

          2.   Occupational Disabilities
               Same provisions as under 2.D.1., except for the
substitution of the words "two (2) weeks" for the word "week". 
However, in determining the number of weeks during which salary
or wages may be paid as in D.1.2. above, the foregoing limit
shall be applied separately to:
                    1.  Disabilities caused by sickness or
non-occupational accident.
                    2.  Disabilities of an occupational nature.

     E.   1.  Overpayment of disability benefits-wages or salary
will not be payable whenever the disability of the employee is
the result of an occupational or non-occupational accident which
permits the employee to recover damages from a third party. 
Pending the outcome of settlement of his claim, subject to the
limitations set forth in Par. D., appropriate wages or salary
will be paid on condition that the employee agrees in writing on
the form provided for this purpose (FF160B or FF160C) to
reimburse the Company for such wages or salary if there is
recovery from the party causing the injury.

          2.   In the event an employee is paid any wages or
salary for a period of disability arising from an industrial
accident for which he subsequently receives Workmen's
Compensation weekly payments, he shall be required to agree in
writing on Form FF160A that, if the wage or salary payments
together with the Workmen's Compensation payments aggregate (for
the period of disability for which both payments are made to him)
more than the normal weekly wage or salary payments he would have
received if working, he shall reimburse the Company for the
excess.

     F.   Lump sum insurance settlements
          If an employee injured in an occupational accident
makes a lump sum settlement with the insurance company in lieu of
his receiving weekly Workmen's Compensation benefits, the
benefits to which he will be entitled from the Company shall be
computed for the period of his disability as though he were
receiving weekly compensation benefits.  In any case of a
disability resulting from aggravation or relapse of a previous
disability for which the employee has made a lump sum
compensation insurance settlement and as the result thereof is
ineligible for further Workmen's Compensation benefits, the
salary or wages payable by the Company shall be computed as
though the injured employee was receiving such compensation
benefits.

     G.   Disabilities for which benefits are not payable.  No
wage or salary payments by the Company will be made beyond the
first week for periods of disability during which the employee is
not under treatment by a recognized physician or practitioner. 
Wage or salary payments will not be made beyond the first week
for periods of disability caused by excessive use of alcohol or
narcotics unless the disabled employee is receiving approved
treatment for such disability.  No wage or salary payments will
be made beyond the first week by the Company for disability
resulting directly from the deliberate neglect or refusal of the
employee to observe the Company's established safety rules or
regulations if such employee has previously been warned.

     H.   The Company may, in its discretion, withhold payment of
disability benefits to employees who engage in other work.

     I.   Nothing herein contained will be construed to prevent
the Company from placing employees on a pay-as-you-work basis if
such employee's absenteeism record justifies such action.  An
employee placed on a pay-as-you-work basis will be returned to a
sick-pay eligibility status, when his absenteeism record over a
reasonable period of time subsequent to being placed on a
pay-as-you-work basis, justifies such action.  Employee on
pay-as-you-work basis to be reviewed at least three (3) months
after being placed on it.  Beginning with the second week of
hospitalization the pay-when-work status will be suspended for
the full period of disability.

3.   COMPUTATION OF WAGES PAID FOR PERIODS OF DISABILITY

     In computing wages or salary, there shall not be included
(1) overtime wages (2) bonuses (3) shift differentials or (4)
other forms of similar extra compensation.

 4.  Employee's "years of continuous service" used for computing
payment of time not worked on account of sickness or injury in
accordance with the Disability Payment Plan and vacations shall
include those years of service to a break in the continuity of
service, provided -

     (a)  the employee had at least three (3) years of continuous
          service prior to the break, and

     (b)  the break did not exceed three (3) years duration, and

     (c)  the employee has remained in the service of this
          Company for at least five (5) years                              
          after the break in service.

If years of service do not comply with the foregoing provisions,
then total years of continuous service shall be computed from the
date last employed.  "Years of continuous service" for the
Retirement Allowance policy shall be the full years of service
from the last date of employment with this Company.

5.  The Company has given its Department Heads discretion to
grant limited time off without loss of pay for urgent personal
reasons including a serious emergency at home, such time to be no
more than that required for the purpose, usually a few hours and,
in no event, more than one day.  Department Heads also have
discretion to grant time off without pay for personal reasons if
there is good cause and no abuse of the privilege.

                          ARTICLE XVIII
                         GROUP INSURANCE

During the effective period of this Agreement, the Company will
maintain Group Insurance as follows:  Life, Accidental Death and
Dismemberment, and Comprehensive Health and Dental Plan in
accordance with the Group Insurance Summary dated May 1, 1994,
and attached hereto.  During the period of this Agreement the
Company will make available to employees Health Maintenance
Organization (HMO) coverage in lieu of Comprehensive Health
Insurance.  In the event that there shall be enacted after May 1,
1994, state or federal legislation in addition to that now
enacted which provides benefits in the field of health, medical,
hospitalization and nursing care, the parties agree that there
shall be no duplication or overlapping of such benefits and the
benefits provided by the Company.  In the event that the Company
determines that such duplication or overlapping of benefits
occurs, it may revise the benefits under the Company's Group
Insurance Plans to minimize the same.  In so doing, there will be
no reduction in the benefits provided to employees as set forth
in the attached Group Insurance Summary.  The Union shall be
given reasonable advance notice of any changes made pursuant to
this provision and upon the request of the Union, it shall have
an opportunity to discuss them with the Company prior to their
being made.  There will be no changes in insurance carrier during
the term of the contract unless by mutual agreement.

The annual expense associated with providing group medical
insurance benefits will be capped at $340,000, $360,000, and
$380,000 for calendar years 1994, 1995, and 1996, respectively. 
The Company will pay 80% of the cost above this cap and employees
will pay 20% of the cost above cap.  There will be no employee
contributions during the term of the contract.  The Company will
establish a Section 125 plan if there are any required
contributions.

                           ARTICLE XIX
                           401(k) PLAN

Employees may participate in the Company's 401(k) Plan (Plan). 
The Company agrees to make payroll deductions for payments to the
duly-established 401(k) Plan upon written authorization by
regular employees and to forward the amounts so deducted to the
401(k) Plan in accordance with such authority.

The Company reserves the right to make administrative changes to
the 401(k) Plan during the term of this Agreement with the
understanding that such changes will not decrease the amount of
benefits provided to Plan members.  These administrative changes
may include the merger of 401(k) Plans.

The Company will amend the 401(k) Plan to permit the election of
gross wages with or without overtime for maximum contributions on
an annual basis if regulations permit.  The employee can save on
gross wages and the Company will match on base wages.  The
Company's matching contribution to the 401(k) saving Plan will be
as follows:

      1994 - one percent (1%) match
      1995 - an additional one percent (1%) match for a total of
             two percent (2 %)
      1996 - an additional one percent (1%) match for a total of 
             three percent (3 %)

                           ARTICLE XX
                        LEAVES OF ABSENCE

Section 1.      Death in The Family 
  
In the event of the death of a member of the immediate family of
an employee, the Company will grant reasonable time off without
loss of pay, up to three (3) workdays, for scheduled
straight-time workdays falling within the period from the date of
death through the date of the funeral.  The immediate family is
defined as wife, husband, children, parents, sister, brother,
father-in-law and mother-in-law.  For stepparents the Company
will allow up to two (2) workdays, for scheduled straight-time
workdays falling within the period from the date of death through
the date of the funeral.  For other members of the family
(grandparents, grandchildren, aunts and uncles), one (1) day
without loss of pay will be granted if the funeral is held on a
scheduled straight-time workday.  It is understood that this
paragraph applies only when the time off is used for the purpose
intended.

Where there are unusual circumstances in individual cases, time
off without loss of pay in excess of the three (3) workdays, or
the two (2) workdays, or the one (1) workday, or for persons
other than those listed above, may be granted in the discretion
of management.

Section 2.      Jury Duty 
   
A regular employee, called for jury duty, will be paid for the
time lost from his regularly scheduled straight-time work day for
not more than eight (8) hours in any one (1) day, nor more than
forty (40) hours in any one (1) week, and for not more than six
(6) weeks in any twelve (12) consecutive months, provided that
the employee will report for work during regularly scheduled
hours whenever he is excused from jury duty.

Section 3.      Military Training Leave
  
Regular employees who are members of the reserve components of
the Armed Services of the United States or the National Guard and
who are required to report for their annual tour of military
training duty shall be granted a leave of absence for such
purpose, not to exceed two (2) weeks in any calendar year.  Such
employees shall be paid for any loss in pay during such time,
computed on the basis of the difference between his straight time
rate of pay for forty (40) hours and one (1) week's military base
pay exclusive of allowances, for each week of such absence.  Such
payment shall be made upon the employee's return to work and upon
receipt of a certificate from the proper military officer showing
the amount received while engaged in such military training duty.

                           ARTICLE XXI
                       SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

Except as provided below, the Company will pay severance pay to
eligible employees as follows:

A.   Regular employees who have completed four (4) years or more
of continuous service and who are permanently released from
employment because of the elimination of a job through automation
or the changing or discontinuing of operations, shall be given an
allowance of one (1) full week's base pay at the rate of pay at
the time of release for each full year of continuous service.

B.  Severance pay benefits shall not apply to employees:
     1.     Discharged for just cause
     2.     Voluntarily quitting for personal reasons or any
            reason other than receipt of notice of  layoff 
     3.     Retiring from the Company (including early medical
            retirement)
     4.     Leaving on leave of absence or sick leave
     5.     In event of death

C.   Severance benefits shall be in addition to any earned
vacation benefits for which the separated employee is eligible.

D.  An employee who desires severance pay, must, within ten (10)
days after receiving notice of layoff, notify the Company in
writing of his desire to terminate employment and receive
Severance Pay under this plan.  Upon such termination and receipt
of Severance Pay, the employee will lose all seniority and recall
rights under the contract.

E.   If an employee does not desire to terminate his employment
in these circumstances, he will retain his recall and seniority
rights, to which entitled under the contract, if any, but shall
not be entitled to any Severance Pay hereunder.

                          ARTICLE XXII
                         BULLETIN BOARDS

The Company will provide space on the Company Bulletin Boards for
official Union notices.  Notices of Union meetings, elections,
and appointments may be posted by the Union without prior
approval.  Any other material which the Union desires to post
shall first be submitted to management for approval before
posting.  There shall be no posting of advertising or political
matter or material which is objectionable or controversial.

                          ARTICLE XXIII
                       EFFECT OF AGREEMENT

Section 1.     This agreement is the entire agreement between the
parties except such amendments or supplementary agreements as are
in writing and signed by the parties.

Section 2.     During the term of this agreement, should any
provisions or part thereof become illegal, the rest of the
agreement will continue in full force and effect.

                          ARTICLE XXIV
                          CONTRACTORS 

The Union will have the right to call to Management's attention
any condition that they may consider detrimental to the employees
of the Company relative to work proposed, or being performed by
outside contractors, and Management agrees to discuss this
condition with the Union, and to take whatever remedial action
may be agreed to in these discussions.  Outside contractors will
be required to adhere to OSHA requirements.

The Company recognizes that its use of outside contractors may,
at times, cause some concern to employees and the Union. 
Accordingly, upon request of the Union Committee, the Company
representatives will discuss any problems arising over the use of
contractors.  If such discussion does not satisfy the Union, it
may make a written request to the President of the Company for a
meeting with him, in which event, the President will sit down
with the representatives of the Union for a thorough review and
discussion of the problem.

Addendum (May 1, 1973) - The question of Pre-notification of
Contractors to be handled as a matter of common sense and good
labor relations, with no legal commitment.  Except when
emergencies exist, the Company will before the letting of a
contract discuss with the Brotherhood the reasons, economics and
any other matters pertinent to the situation.

There is no intent to displace regular employees by these outside
forces.  Whenever sufficient work exists in any area to justify
additional regular employees on a full-time basis, such employees
will be added.

Note:  The foregoing paragraph would not preclude the Company
from hiring temporary forces.

                           ARTICLE XXV
                       WORKING CONDITIONS

Section 1.     Alternate Emergency Troubleman - Line Department
   
It is agreed that the following supplementary practices affecting
working conditions will be continued during the term of the
current Collective Bargaining Agreement:

The conditions for Alternate Emergency Night Troubleman
classification and posting thereof are as follows:

      (a)  Duties and qualifications would be the same as for
           the Emergency Night 
           Troubleman and would be posted as such.

      (b)  Only Linemen-1st Class will be eligible to fill the
           job.

      (c)  One or more Linemen-1st Class with "alternate" listing
           will be listed according to 
           seniority on summation sheet, but will retain present
           place in roster.

      (d)  Senior "Alternate" man would be assigned to fill in on
           a temporary basis when 
           the regular Emergency Night Troubleman is not
           available for work.  In the event 
           the senior "Alternate" man is not available due to
           sickness, vacation, etc., the 
           second "Alternate" man would be assigned.  Any
           "Alternate" so assigned  would 
           accumulate seniority for time actually worked in the
           Emergency Night 
           Troubleman's classification.

      (e)  Planned absences:  Example - vacation, sickness other
           than first day -
                (1) Senior man from "Alternate" list will not
                    work 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. 
                    as Lineman-1st Class.

                (2) Will be notified and assigned in advance to
                    fill in on the Emergency 
                    Night Troubleman's job.

                (3) Will receive credit in the classification as
                    Emergency Night 
                    Troubleman.  Will also receive pay of
                    classification at straight time.

                (4) If there is overtime involved while the
                    "Alternate" is working as the 
                     Emergency Night Troubleman, overtime will be
                     at the Emergency 
                     Night Troubleman rate.

      (f)  Absences other than planned:  Example - sickness first
           day -

                (1) If "Alternate" man has reported for work for
                    normal 7:30 a.m. - 3:30 
                    p.m. hours, then  "Alternate" will work 7:30
                    a.m. - 3:30 p.m. at 
                    straight time as Lineman-1st Class. and 
                    then 3:30 p.m. - 12 midnight                             
                    at time and one-half at the Emergency Night
                    Troubleman's rate.

      (g)  When the Emergency Night Troubleman returns to work,
           "Alternate" will be  
           notified not later than 4:00 p.m.. on the last working
           day prior to the Emergency 
           Night Troubleman's return.  "Alternate" will report on
           next working day at 
           normal hours.  If the Company is not able to meet this
           time factor, the 
           "Alternate" and the regular Emergency Night Troubleman
           will work together for 
           the first night after the regular Emergency Night
           Troubleman returns to work.

      (h)  An "Alternate" can be removed from the "Alternate"
           list by request.  When an 
           "Alternate" is so removed, the "Alternate" job will be
           posted to obtain a replacement.

Section 2 Assignment - Heavy Duty Bucket Trucks and Corner Mount
Digger          5/1/89

  
  1. On the digger truck, two men will normally be
     assigned.  Three men will be used on the following job
     assignments

      (a)  replacement of three (3) phase junction poles,

      (b)  poles over fifty (50) feet on existing three phase
           construction.

     On other job assignments the Union may request additional
     men, and the crew supervisor may, at his discretion, grant
     the request.

2. As to the two new heavy-duty bucket trucks, in respect
   to which there exists continued disagreement concerning the
   number of men which should be assigned, the position of the
   parties is as follows:

      (a)  The Company is of the view that it is a part of its
           management responsibility to 
           determine the number of men needed on work
           assignments; that various relevant 
           conditions affect a judgment whether two (2) men or
           three (3) men are needed on 
           particular job assignments; and that supervision
           should make particular job 
           assignments on the basis of the number of men needed -
           whether this is two (2) 
           men, three (3) men or more.

      (b)  The Union is of the view that a minimum of three (3)
           men should be assigned to 
           all job assignments except for two (2) men assignments
           on those specific 
           assignments on a list furnished by the Union to the
           Company during the 
           negotiations.  The Union has cited work load and
           safety factors as the basis of its 
           position.

     The application of the respective positions of the parties
     would mean that on some job assignments the Company's
     position would call for two (2) men and the Union's
     position would result in three (3) men being assigned.

3. Since the parties have been unable to resolve their
   differences as set forth in paragraph 2 of the foregoing, the
   following interim arrangement and procedures for ultimate
   disposition of disputes will apply:

(a) Subject to the provisions below, three (3) men will be assigned
    to one (1) of the new  heavy-duty bucket trucks and two (2) men
    to the other new heavy-duty bucket truck.
(b) It is the Company's policy to observe high standards of safety
    and in no event will it assign two (2) men if, in its judgment,
    three (3) men are required for a particular job by  reason of
    safety considerations.
(c) It is the intention of the foregoing to have each truck change
    transformers and compare the efficiency, safety, work load and
    other relevant factors as between two (2) man and three (3) man
    operations.  An evaluation of the two (2) man and three (3) man
    operations will be made from time-to-time by a joint committee
    composed of two (2) employees designated by the Union and two (2)
    representatives of the Company.
(d) If, on a two (2) man operation (other than on jobs involving
    secondary construction), the job requires two (2) men to be in
    the air at the same time, the Company will see that a Safety
    Observer, qualified to climb and render emergency assistance, is
    present during the time the two (2) men are in the air.  Such 
    Safety Observer may be a non-bargaining-unit employee, or a 
    non-employee, or a bargaining-unit employee, but whether a
    bargaining-unit employee or not, he will not perform any work
    other than safety functions while present at the job as Safety
    Observer.
(e) The arrangement set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d)
    above will continue until May 1, 1965 and thereafter, subject to
    the following paragraphs.
(f) If, after May 1, 1965, either party wishes to change the above
    arrangement and procedures, it will give written notice to the
    other party, and if any dispute then arises as to the number of
    men assigned to particular bucket truck jobs, the issue of the
    reasonableness of the Company's assignment of men to any such job
    will be subject to arbitration under the arbitration provisions
    of the Agreement, subject to the following:

         (1) The status quo will be retained pending the arbitration decision.
         (2) The parties agree that if either party requests arbitration it
             will be expedited.  The party requesting arbitration will notify
             the other party of the name of its arbitrator and if within ten
             (10) days of the notice the other party fails to name its
             arbitrator, or if the arbitrator is named and a third arbitrator
             is not selected, the party giving the notice may request the
             American Arbitration Association to select the arbitrator who may
             proceed ex parte under the  rules of the American Arbitration
             Association if the other party fails to participate in the
             hearing.
(g) It is recognized that as provided in Section 502 of the
    Labor-Management Relations Act of 1947, an employee may decline
    to work in good faith because of abnormally dangerous conditions
    for work" and nothing in this memorandum can affect such right of
    the employees as set forth in the Federal Statute.

THE BROTHERHOOD OF UTILITY WORKERS
OF NEW ENGLAND, INC., LOCAL NO. 340
By  (s)  George McSheehy
            President

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
By  (s)  R. A. Ferreira
            Vice President

Section 3.      Driver's License (Loss of)                       
                                                   5/1/89
    
If an employee loses his/her driver's license for any reason, and
the holding of such a license is a requirement of his/her job,
the employee will be required to meet all the requirements of the
job without special accommodations, including the ability to
respond to call outs and work continuous overtime.  If the
employee is unable to meet the job requirements, the employee
will be suspended without pay until the license is reinstated. 
Benefits will be continued for six (6) months.

In the event the Company and the Union are able to agree that a
special position can be established that would be treated
differently than cross rostering or hours of employment and would
not create problems for other employees, the parties may agree to
the establishment of that special position for all or a part of
the license suspension.  If the parties are not able to agree,
the suspension will apply.

Section 4.      Gas Distribution Crew Complement

Two (2) qualified persons will be used when working on live gas
lines.

Section 5.      Hot Stick                                        
                                                           6/1/67

To date, we have not had experience with Hot Stick work in
inclement weather.  On the basis of present knowledge, existing
equipment and current methods and conditions, it will be our
intent not to require employees to perform Hot Stick work in
inclement weather, whether such work is an emergency or
otherwise, subject to the following paragraphs:

If a major interruption of service could be avoided, under
appropriate conditions, we could see where it would be feasible
and safe to do a brief, occasional task with Hot Stick in poor
weather (including light rain but not medium heavy rain), such as

(a) Disconnecting a tap in order to de-energize a segment of the
    system so that it can be worked on dead, or
(b) Covering an arcing conductor with an insulated fiberglass orange
    hood, or otherwise insulating it, working from a bucket.

We have had very limited experience doing Hot Stick work at
night.  When such assignments do occur, we will provide adequate
artificial lighting.

The Union has suggested that there may be need for assigning more
employees to certain Hot Stick jobs at night than would be
assigned to the same job in daylight hours.  The Company doubts
this.  The Union does not suggest additional personnel when the
Company assigns five (5) Linemen to a Hot Stick job at night. 
(See Par. C of June 1, 1967, letter on Hot Stick work.)  In the
interest of cooperation, the Company will do the following:

      On the first three (3) Hot Stick assignments at night
      hereafter made by the Company, pursuant to Paragraph 2 of
      the Hot Stick letter, to which less than five (5) Linemen
      are assigned, the Company will assign one more man than it
      would otherwise assign.  After such third assignment, the
      Company will advise the Union in writing whether it will
      continue such a temporary arrangement for either a further
      definite period, or indefinitely, or discontinue it.  If
      the Company discontinues this arrangement at that time, or
      later, and there is a subsequent Hot Stick assignment at
      night to which less than five (5) men are assigned, the
      Union may raise the question of additional manpower on
      such subsequent assignment in the same manner as presently
      provided in Paragraph 3 of the Hot Stick letter regarding
      requests for additional manpower.

We reiterate our intention that all work must be done safely.  We
also recognize the desirability of education, experience and
discussion on these subjects.  Furthermore, we assure the
employees concerned that there will be no arbitrary orders or
directions in connection with Hot Stick work assignments; and
that if there are any complaints, suggestions or questions, we
will be pleased to sit down and discuss them.

Finally, if any changes in the above should be warranted, they
will not be made without prior notice and discussion, such notice
to be given in writing to the President of the Local Union.

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
By  (s)  Howard W. Evirs, Jr.
           Vice President

Accepted:
THE BROTHERHOOD OF UTILITY WORKERS
OF NEW ENGLAND, INC. LOCAL NO. 340
By  (s)  Peter J. Starr
           President

Section 6.      Inclement Weather Clause                         
                                                5/1/89  
The following provisions will apply to employees in Rosters 7 and
8 with respect to inclement weather:

During rainy or stormy weather or extreme cold, employees in
these rosters will not be required to perform outside work,
except in emergencies.

Extreme cold shall be considered fifteen degrees (15) Fahrenheit
and will be determined by the digital recording thermometer in
the Transmission and Distribution office.

Light Precipitation:  Fog, mist and light precipitation are not
considered rainy or stormy weather.  It is not the Company's
intent to compromise its safety standards nor is it the intent of
the Company to require employees to work for prolonged periods in
light precipitation.

Light precipitation assignments shall include, but not be limited
to the following:

     Electric

1. Maintenance of street/floodlights.
2. Switching and grounding.
3. Cable splicing (with protective equipment).
4. Pulling cable.
5. Motorized patrol.
6. Substation work on de-energized or isolated equipment (including
   grounds maintenance).
7. Dead line work.
8. Pole placements without displacement or covering of energized
   conductors.
9. Manhole/vault inspection and maintenance.
10.Material handling, delivering and unloading.
11.Snow removal is snow shoveling.

Employees will not be required to work on energized primaries or
secondaries (Item 1 exception), except in emergencies.

     Gas

      * 1.  Check and set system pressures.
        2.  Building inspections.  *(inside only)
        3.  Repair gas leaks (other than Class 3).
        4.  Monitor gas leaks and leak surveys.
        5.  Critical valve maintenance and testing.
        6.  Material handling, delivering and unloading.
        7.  Trenching and installing gas pipes other than road
            crossing.
        8.  Patching and repairing of street openings.
        9.  Pump pits.
    *  10.  Changing charts.
    *  11.  Tees and cocks in emergencies.
       12.  Regular station maintenance inside buildings.

* These items will be performed irrespective of the temperature
restrictions stated in this memo.

In the event there is a reduction in Roster 7, identification of
underground facilities and gas leak surveys using the flame
ionization unit would be assigned exclusively to Union employees.

     Should precipitation begin during the normal work day, Gas
     and Electric crews will not absent the job site without
     first checking with a Distribution Supervisor.  Supervisor
     will make determination whether to return to headquarters
     or go on to light precipitation assignments.
     
     Suitable Inside Work:  In the event that weather conditions
     warrant cessation of normal work ,  employees will be
     required to do assigned work related to their
     classifications in  protected areas.  If there is not
     sufficient work related to their classifications, employees
     shall be given other inside assignments of a reasonable
     nature.
     
     When it is indicated that light precipitation will end
     and/or temperature is rising sufficiently to reach fifteen
     degrees (15o) within a reasonable time, employees will
     drive their respective trucks to their scheduled work site
     in preparation for work.
     
     When Gas and Electric Distribution crews are in the field
     and the temperature is dropping, they will be advised by
     radio when the temperature reaches the 15 mark and will be
     recalled to the Plant.

Section 7.      Medical Matters                                  
                                                    8/14/84
  
The Company and the Union agree to the following in respect to
medical matters involving employees.

1. Employees who desire to consult the Company Doctor should make an
   appointment through their supervisor.
2. When the Company Doctor, in accordance with the Disability
   Retrogression Pay Plan, decides that an employee should be
   retrogressed for physical disability, the Local Officers of the
   Union will be notified before the employee is told.
3. When an employee is denied a job because of physical reasons, the
   Union will be notified and the reason given before the employee
   is notified.
4. When an employee is out sick or out as a result of injury and the
   Company Doctor says he cannot return to work, the Union will be
   notified.
5. If there is disagreement between the employee's physician and the
   Company Doctor, arrangements will be made for the Union
   Representatives to talk with the Company Doctor as soon as
   possible.
6. If there is still disagreement, the matter may, upon request of 
   either party, be referred to a third doctor, whose decision will
   be final and binding upon all parties.  The third doctor will be
   selected by the Company Doctor and the employee's doctor.  If 
   they are unable to agree upon the third doctor, a joint request
   will be made to the Dean of the Harvard Medical School for choice
   of a third doctor in the special field involved.  In the event a
   third doctor is appointed, the Company Doctor and the employee's
   doctor will have the right to submit the medical history of the
   employee and all other relevant information in their possession.
7. If an employee who has been absent from work because of
   disability is advised by his doctor to return to work but is
   prohibited from doing so until approved by the Company Doctor,
   the time required for the Company Doctor to make a decision
   whether or not the  employee may return to work will be paid time
   and not subject to the provisions of the plan for payment of
   disability benefits.
8. The Company Doctor is responsible for determining when an ill
   employee is well enough to return to work and what type of  work
   he should be returning to.
9. All employees who have been out for a serious illness such as

               Heart Condition
               High Blood Pressure
               Cerebral Hemorrhage
               Diabetes
               Tuberculosis
               Serious Surgery
               Back Condition
               Broken or Fractured Bones - any type
               Joint Condition
               Mental Disease
               Any type of paralyzing Disease

    will have their condition checked by the Company Doctor before
    returning to any type of work.  Any case where there has been a
    serious illness not mentioned, and there is any doubt as to the
    employee's ability to fulfill his regular job, it should be
    brought to the attention of the Company Doctor before the
    employee returns to work.
10. The Company Doctor will contact the family doctor, see the
    patient, if necessary, and make whatever tests are necessary to
    determine whether or not the employee can safely return to work;
    and also determine the type of work, or what limitations there
    should be on the work that the employee performs.
11. In any case where the Company Doctor feels that the employee is
    not ready to return to work or that the work should be changed,
    he will consult with the management giving the reasons and the
    limitations.
12. All employees wearing casts, splints, braces, using crutches, or
    canes must be cleared by the Company Doctor before returning to
    work.  There are certain conditions which must be clarified
    before the Company Doctor will give his approval.
13. The following conditions must be met before the Company Doctor is
    contacted for approval:

There must be a job that the employee can perform.

The employee must be willing to do the work.

The employee's attending physician must give permission to return
to work.

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
By  (s)  R. A. Ferreira
           Vice President

THE BROTHERHOOD OF UTILITY  WORKERS
OF NEW ENGLAND, INC., LOCAL NO. 340

Section 8.      Snow Plowing                                     
                                                        5/1/91

For the Liquified Natural Gas Plant (LNG), the Liquified
Petroleum Gas Plant (LPG), the Gas Turbine and the Tennessee Gas
Pipeline Metering (TGP), the plowing services will be provided by
the members for Roster #19 and the equipment used for those
services will normally be that which is assigned to the
Department.

For all other locations, the plowing services will be provided by
Roster #7 and the equipment used for those services will be those
that are normally assigned to that Department.  As such, the
reference in the Inclement Weather, Memo #10 Item #9 under the
"Gas" section will be eliminated, and it is expected that snow
plowing will be conducted irrespective of the temperature
restrictions stated in this memo.

The Snow Plowing Equalization List will be discontinued and all
hours plowing will be recorded on the Emergency Overtime
Equalization List.

The janitor will continue to use the snow blower and shovel and
sand the sidewalks and entryways at the John Fitch Highway
facility.  He may be assisted by employees from other rosters.

Qualified licensed backhoe operator will be from Roster 7.

Employees in Roster 7 prior to 5/1/79 will not be required to
provide service for snow plowing / removal and sanding.

Selection of personnel for these assignments during normal
working hours will be by seniority.  Employees in the various
rosters, including Roster #8, will perform normal snow removal
activities associated with their roster.

Section 9.      Tools and Equipment 
  
The Company will furnish to employees such tools and equipment as
in its judgment are required for the class of work involved for
use on Company work only.  Employees may furnish personal tools
and equipment for use on the Company work subject to the approval
of the Company, except that rubber gloves, cover gloves, and
liners and safety belts will always be furnished by the Company. 
Tools and equipment damaged or lost by misuse or neglect shall be
replaced by the employee.  Ownership of all tools and equipment
furnished by Company shall remain with the Company and subject to
its rules as to storage, inspection and turning in to the
Department Head on the completion of the work requiring them. 
Upon termination of employment by the employees, all Company
tools and equipment, or their replacement cost, shall be turned
into the Company.

Section 10.     Wash-up Time

On jobs requiring it, the Company allows wash-up time to the
extent necessary and agrees to continue such allowance, and any
complaints by an employee in this respect may be processed as a
grievance.  In most situations, a fifteen minute period at the
end of the shift is sufficient

Section 11.     Work Gloves 

Work gloves shall be furnished by the Company at no cost to the
employee, of a grade deemed by the Company suitable for the work
involved.  If the employee desires a better grade of glove, the
Company will furnish that grade at half cost to the employee. 
Rubber hats, rubber coats, and rubber boots, or their equivalent,
shall be furnished by the Company for those classes of work which
require such equipment.  Gloves and other equipment, above
referred to, shall continue to remain the property of the
Company, shall be replaced by the employee if damaged or lost
through misuse or neglect, shall be turned in to the Company in
order to obtain replacements, and, upon termination of
employment, they shall be turned in to the Company by the
employee, or their replacement cost paid for if such equipment
has been lost or damaged through misuse or neglect and, provided
further, that only one-half such replacement cost will be payable
if the employee paid one-half the cost under the foregoing
provisions.

Section 12.     Gas Production    

Employees in Roster 7 who entered the Roster after 5/1/82 may be
assigned to the LNG and Propane Plants during the operating
season.  Assigned employees will not receive operating premium if
their rates exceed Utilityman-1 rate, plus operating premium.

The number of assigned employees will be determined by Management
and selection will be according to the following criteria:

          1.  Voluntary by seniority.
          2.  Assignment on the basis of less senior employees.

Utilitymen will report to assigned plant at start of shift.

During the production season, Utilitymen will be paid a car
allowance of $3.75/day when using own vehicles.  A Company
vehicle will be made available for travel to and from the LNG
plant.

Operators will receive one-half hour (one way) travel allowance
to the LNG plant only.

A reduction in forces in Roster 19 and/or the remote operation of
the Propane Plant would not affect the continuing application of
this agreement.

The Company will provide LNG and Propane Plant operators training
to new employees entering Roster #7.  Employees who initially
fail Utilityman 1, 2 and 3 examinations will be able to retake
the examination every ninety (90) days.

Section 13.    Gassing Vehicles                           
5/18/85
    
Employees will fuel vehicles assigned to them by the Company.

Section 14.    Upgrading - Line and Street Departments     5/1/87
   
Effective May 1, 1987, employees in Rosters 7 and 8, who are
scheduled to be upgraded but due to inclement weather or other
reasons do not work in that capacity, will be paid at their
regular rate of pay.  The provisions of Article VI, Section 2 on
page 6 will apply in this situation.

Section 15.    Off Season Assignments of Production Workers      
5/1/87
    
Personnel in Roster 19 will be assigned to perform the following
list of duties at any time throughout the year when not operating
the gas plants:

             a.  Maintenance of Propane and LNG Plants.
             b.  Maintenance of 285 John Fitch facility and
                  miscellaneous buildings and grounds.
             c.  Delivery of material to job site.
             d.  Cleanup of any substation, regulator station 
                  or right-of-way; including road patching 
                  (not on public ways), lawn cleanup hanging 
                  "Danger" signs, repair of fencing and
                  buildings, etc.
             e.  Maintenance of structures and accessories
                  related to the operation of the gas turbine.

Section 16.    Use of Company Backhoe                      5/1/91
   
This will confirm our discussion during the negotiations in 1985
that under normal operations, the Company will ensure that our
backhoe is being operated prior to the use of a contractor's
backhoe.

The Company will make every effort to use the Company backhoe in
jobs involving Roster 8 when it is not disruptive to its other
operations.

Section 17.    Assignment of Rental Service Work 

Effective 5/1/85, employees in Roster 6, in the classifications
of Gas/Electric Tester/Installer - 3rd Class and Meterman-Helper
(Special) may be assigned service work on rentals for gas and
electric hot water heaters and gas and electric dryers as part of
the duties of the classifications.  This does not affect the
duties of employees in Roster 3 to also perform this function.

Section 18.    Response to Overtime                        5/1/87

Because of the nature of our business, and our need to provide
24-hour a day service to our customers, it is necessary that
employees work a reasonable amount of overtime - planned and
unplanned.

In departments where management determines there is no problem
with response to overtime, local practices will continue.  Where
management determines there is an overtime response problem, a
meeting between management and the union will be held.

Following this meeting, department practices may be replaced by
the following policy:

1. The company will establish a call list that will record each
   instance when an employee does not respond to the call out.  The
   concept of equalization of overtime may apply.
2. Employees shall furnish an acceptable means of off-hour contact
   by telephone.
3. Employees who do not respond to a call will be charged with an
   instance for lack of  response (exception - employees who are out
   on authorized absences).  Employees shall not be charged with
   more than one instance in a twenty-four hour period or on two 
   consecutive days of relief.
4. The lack of response records of employees will be reviewed on at
   least a quarterly basis.  Consideration will be given to the
   number of instances, the reasons for lack of response and the
   average response record of the employee in the department.  If,
   as a result of this review, management considers that an
   employee's lack of response record is excessive, a formal meeting
   will be held with the employee (with Union representation) and
   the employee will receive formal warning.  A continued
   unsatisfactory response record, reviewed on a monthly basis, will
   result in more severe disciplinary action.

Section 19.    Overtime                                    5/1/87

The Company and the Union recognize that overtime is an inherent
part of the business and employees are expected to work unless an
exception is granted by the department manager.

In the event an employee is unable to work overtime, the employee
must receive a waiver from the department manager or his
designee.  An employee will be required to work continuous
overtime on jobs he was working during his regular work hours.

The employee working second shift will be required to continue
working if overtime is required rather than the calling in of
additional personnel.  If an employee refuses to work overtime,
the employee will be subject to normal disciplinary action.

An employee scheduled to work overtime and who does not report,
or leaves early, will be subject to disciplinary action.

Section 20.    Attendance at Training Sessions             5/1/91

I.   When training sessions are designated by the Company that
require a temporary change in working hours, the following will
prevail:

     A. The Company will provide seventy-two (72) hour advance notice of
        the training session to the employee(s) involved.
     B. The provisions of Articles V, Pg. 4 and VII, Pg. 7 will not apply.
     C. The employee will be provided a noontime meal or reimbursement
        for a noon meal at the option of the Company.
     D. The Company will provide a vehicle for transportation to and from 
        the training site if held outside the service territory.
     E. Compensation will be at a straight time rate of pay for eight (8)
        hours, including travel time and time and one-half for all other
        hours.  The provisions of Article IX, Section 5 on page 10 will
        apply.

II.   If training sessions are conducted that require the trainee
to stay overnight, the following will prevail:

     A. The Company will provide seven (7) days advance notice to the employee.
     B. The provisions of Articles V on page 4 and VII on page 7 will not
        apply.
     C. The Company will provide for reimbursement of meals and arrange
        for lodging.
     D. The Company will arrange for transportation of the employee to
        and from  the training site.
     E. The employee will be compensated at the straight-time rate of pay
        for eight (8) hours for each day of training.  There will be no
        additional compensation for travel time over and above the
        straight eight (8) hours.

Section 21.    Meter Reader - Car Washing                  5/1/87
   
Effective 5/1/87, Meter Readers may wash their personal vehicles
that are used for company business.  They will be able to wash
their vehicles between the hours of 7:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., but
not during paid time.

Section 22.    Training and Qualification                  5/1/87

In Rosters 7 and 8, employees who wish to advance to a higher
classification within the roster will be required to demonstrate
their qualifications before advancement.

A Joint Subcommittee will be formed to review training needs and
qualifications procedures.

Section 23.    Meter Reading Department

The following practices shall apply to the Meter Reading
Department:

1. Routes will be assigned by the Supervisor and will be rotated on
   a regular basis.
2. Employees will be entitled to a meal allowance when working
   overtime in accordance with Article IX, Section 5, Pg.10.
3. All training assignments for new meter readers will be made by
   the supervisor.
4. Meter Readers starting time will be changed to 7:30 a.m.
5. All routes should normally be completed by the Meter Reader
   before returning to the office.  If the route requires overtime
   to read all meters, the Meter Reader must complete the assigned
   work before returning to the Company.  Under unusual
   circumstances the matter of completing the route can be discussed
   by the employee with the Supervisor prior to the assignment.
6. Overtime for "mark sensing" will no longer apply.  A joint
   committee of union and management will review all routes
   regarding this issue.

Section 24.    Electric Night Troubleman - Electric Turn-on's    
5/1/89

The Night Troubleman in the Electric Transmission & Distribution
Department will not be required to turn on more than two (2)
electric turn-ons per night.

Section 25.    Records and Billing Vacancy                 5/1/89

In the event an opening occurs in the Records & Billing section,
the  Company will post a Consumer Aide position with the ultimate
rate of Step 7.

Section 26.    Returning to Roster - With or Without Automatic
Progression    5/1/91

The parties agree the Company will follow this agreement when
awarding a job to an employee who is returning to a roster
previously occupied by the employee.

Roster with Automatic Progression

In any roster that has automatic progression, if the senior
eligible employee has previous time in the roster, the employee
will be awarded the entry level position and the previously held
classification on the same date.  Exception:  If in the opinion
of the department manager and training committee, the employee
was not qualified to perform the higher class work, the employee
would be awarded the higher class when the manager and training
committee felt the employee was qualified to perform the work. 
Seniority would be on the basis of the job award.

Roster without Automatic Progression

In any roster that does not have automatic progression, if the
senior eligible employee has previous time in the roster, the
employee will be awarded the entry level position.  The employee
would be evaluated by the training committees established in the
labor agreement or be tested in accordance with the provisions of
the labor agreement before being awarded a higher classification
in the roster.  The employee could request being tested or
evaluated at any of the classifications he/she previously held in
the roster.  Seniority would be on the basis of the job award.

Section 27.    Service Department Alternate Troubleman     5/1/91

The Alternate Night Troubleman would be assigned to fill in on a
temporary basis when the other Night Troubleman is not available
for work on the 1-9 p.m., 4 p.m.- 12 midnight or Tuesday -
Saturday shift due to sickness, accident, vacation, etc.

Examples:
1. If one Troubleman takes a week's vacation on Tuesday-Saturday
   schedule, the other man will cover his normal 4 p.m.- 12
   midnight, Monday-Friday shift plus work Saturday.
2. If one Troubleman takes a week's vacation on Monday-Friday, 4
   p.m.- 12 midnight schedule, the other Troubleman will work
   Monday-Friday 4 p.m.- 12 midnight at regular time and Saturday at
   time and one-half.
3. If the Troubleman on the 4 p.m.- 12 midnight shift calls in sick,
   the 8 a.m.- 4 p.m. Troubleman will stay on and work 4 p.m.- 12
   midnight on overtime. He would then be assigned to cover the 4
   p.m.- 12 midnight shift only until the other Night Troubleman
   returns.
4. Coverage on Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years will be
   alternated between each man yearly.
5. The Alternate Night Troubleman will be given first refusal for
   all overtime that is required by vacation, sickness or accident
   of the other Troubleman.
6. When the Night Troubleman returns to work, "Alternate" will be
   notified not later than 4:00 p.m. on the last day prior to the
   Night Troubleman's return.  "Alternate"  will report on the next
   working day at normal hours.  If the Company is not able to meet
   this time factor,  the "Alternate" and the regular Night
   Troubleman will work together for the first night after the
   regular Night Troubleman returns to work.
        Example:  Regular night Troubleman calls in sick on
        Tuesday and informs the Company that he/she will not
        report to work until Friday.  The Alternate is notified
        and continues working until the end of the regular
        Troubleman's shift.  The alternate then reports on
        Wednesday and Thursday at the start of the regular 
        troubleman's shift.  If the regular Troubleman reports
        in on Thursday for his/her regular shift and the
        alternate was not notified by 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday to 
        change back to his/her normal schedule, the alternate
        and regular Troubleman would work together on that
        shift.

Section 28.    Progression - Roster 7 and Roster 8 (Underground)

Applies to all future and current employees in these rosters.

     Roster 7 Street Department
     Progression from Streetman to Utilityman A
          Streetman to Utilityman C          6 months
          Utilityman C to Utilityman B      12 months
          Utilityman B to Utilityman A      15 months

     Roster 8 Underground Progression
     Progression from Cable Splicer Helper to Cable Splicer 1st Class
          Cable Splicer Helper to Cable Splicer 3rd Class      6 months
          Cable Splicer 3rd Class to Cable Splicer 2nd Class  12 months
          Cable Splicer 2nd Class to Cable Splicer 1st Class  15 Months

If employee is qualified, may progress more quickly

All incumbents start with effective date of agreement
If any employee does not qualify, he/she will be returned to
classification previously held outside roster.

Section 29.    Temporary Assignments Outside the Company's
Service Area

Work assignments outside the Company's service areas with
utilities or an affiliate of UNITIL Corporation will be on a
voluntary basis.

The employee will be paid in accordance with the contract except
when an emergency situation exist.  Under emergency conditions,
the employee will be paid in accordance with the Emergency Storm
Premium.

The provision does not apply to assignments classed as
non-working; for example, training, schools, meetings, etc.

                          ARTICLE XXVI
                            BENEFITS

Section 1.     Coffee Breaks 

Coffee breaks will be limited to fifteen (15) minutes, one in the
morning and one in the afternoon.

Section 2.     Thermos Bottles

Thermos bottles of coffee are available for line and street
department employees to take with them in the morning.

Section 3.     Damaged Clothing

The Company will repair or replace clothing damaged by acid,
chemicals, or fire because of employment or by accidents
involving the use of hydraulic equipment on the line trucks, or,
at its discretion, reimburse the employee for the cost if it does
not decide to repair or replace the damaged clothing.  Holes
caused by heat or delayed chemical reaction will be considered as
included within the meaning of damaged clothing.

Section 4.     Treatment of Meal Allowances                5/1/87

This is to confirm discussions during the negotiations in 1985
that all meal fees that are submitted by employees without a
receipt from the restaurant will be treated as an allowance and
so reflected in the employees' wages. Meal allowances will be
processed through the payroll system and reflected in the
employees' paychecks.  Under no circumstances will meal
allowances be processed through petty cash.

Section 5.     Motor Vehicle Insurance                     5/1/87

Employees who use their own motor vehicles on company business
will be covered for the insurance deductibles in the event of an
automobile accident as long as they are not cited for a serious
motor vehicle violation.

Section 6.     Reimbursement for Safety Shoes

The Company, with appropriate documentation, will reimburse
employees the full cost up to $85.00 for the first pair, and
one-half the cost, up to $42.50 for the second pair of safety
shoes, up to two (2) pair per calendar year or the Company will
reimburse the employee up to $127.50 for a single pair of safety
shoes per calendar year.

Meter Readers will be reimbursed the full cost, up to $85.00
each, for two (2) pair of safety shoes per year and may use
safety sneakers during regular business hours.

Section 7.     License Reimbursement

The Company will reimburse the cost of a valid motor vehicle and
hoist engineer's license to those employees who are required to
have such licenses as part of their job posting.

Employees will be required to submit a photostatic copy of their
license in order to receive reimbursement.

It will be the employee's responsibility to meet all requirements
to maintain and retain their license or licenses.

The Company will provide training so that employees will be able
to obtain a Class No. 2 license for vehicle operation, and
employees in Roster 7, 8 and 15 will be able to obtain a Class
No. 1 license, and thus, be able to qualify on this score where
possession of such a license is a job requirement.

                          ARTICLE XXVII
                      BARGAINING UNIT WORK

Supervisors who are not covered by the Collective Bargaining
Agreement will not normally perform bargaining unit work which
employees, subject to such Agreement, are normally required to
perform, except in the following circumstances:  emergencies,
training, demonstrations, testing, or trying out new equipment or
methods; work incidental to supervisory duties; helpful or
relieving a bargaining unit employee for short periods in cases
of fatigue, strain, unusual condition or the like; occasions when
non-performance of the bargaining unit work by the supervisor
would result in hardship, inefficiency or unjustifiable cost to
the Company; and occasional instances when a bargaining unit
employee is not readily available.  Nothing in the foregoing
shall be interpreted to mean that a supervisor, other than in
emergencies, may perform bargaining unit work outside of an
employee's regularly scheduled hours which the employee would
normally be called in to perform, such as 13 KV switching on
Saturday or Sunday.

                         ARTICLE XXVIII
                         UNION BUSINESS

The Company will grant the employee who is the Union's Council
Representative one (1) day off without pay to attend the monthly
Council meeting.

Days off on union business will be considered a workday without
pay for the following people:

     a.)       President
     b.)       Vice President
     c.)       Secretary
     d.)       National Representative
     e.)       Grievance Committee Representative

                          ARTICLE XXIX
                      UNITIL RETIREE TRUST

Employees are eligible to join the UNITIL Retiree Trust upon
retirement from the Company.

                           ARTICLE XXX
                             SAFETY
                                                           5/1/87
1.  The Company and the Union agree that safety is a matter of
  highest importance and will cooperate in an effort to enforce
  the safety rules contained in the safety manual.

2.  The Union will select five (5) representatives, one (1) each
  from the following areas:  (Electric Overhead; Street;
  Production; Meter & Service and Office) to serve on the Safety
  Committee for a minimum of one (1) year.  The membership will
  be rotated to ensure that all employees have the opportunity
  to participate on the committee.

3.  The Company will provide a safety manual to each employee. 
  The manual will be reviewed with the employee and any
  questions clarified.  The employee will be expected to comply
  with the safety manual and violations will be enforced through
  the disciplinary process, up to and including termination.

4.  All revisions to the Safety Manual will be sent to the Local
  President prior to implementation for review and discussion.


                          ARTICLE XXXI
                        NO DISCRIMINATION

There will be no unlawful discrimination by the Company or the
Union on account of race, color, religion, sex, age or national
origin.

Whenever used in this Contract, a masculine pronoun shall be
deemed to include the masculine and feminine gender.


                          ARTICLE XXXII
                    DURATION AND TERMINATION

This agreement shall be effective as of May 1, 1994 except where
the effective date of any provision thereof is otherwise
specifically provided and shall be binding upon the parties
hereto and upon all employees who are subject to its provisions,
and it shall remain in full force and effect through April 30,
1997.

                         ARTICLE XXXIII
                           SUCCESSORS

This agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns; and the words
"Company" and "Brotherhood", respectively, shall be construed to
include their respective successors and assigns.


      IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused these
presents to be executed by their respective officers, thereunto
duly authorized, this 13th day of June 1994
                                
                         FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT
                         COMPANY
                         
                         By Priscilla Neault 
                         Priscilla J. Neault, Vice
                         President and General Manager
                         
                         
                         THE BROTHERHOOD UTILITY WORKERS OF
                         NEW ENGLAND, INCORPORATED, LOCAL NO.
                         340
                         
                         By  Randall W. Hier
                             President, Local 340
                         
                             Secretary, Local 340
                         
                         
                         THE BROTHERHOOD OF UTILITY WORKERS OF
                         NEW ENGLAND, INCORPORATED
                         
                                                                
                             By George P.Fogarty   
                             George P. Fogarty, National Representative
                             
                             
                             
                             
            FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        SCHEDULE OF WAGES

                                                                 
                                       Ultimately Hourly Rate Effective
<S>                                       <C>        <C>       <C>        
                                           5-1-94     5-1-95    5-1-96
Roster 1 - Transportation 
 Fleet Mechanic 1st.                       19.61      20.25     20.97
 Employees must have worked satisfactorily
 in the lower rated job for 15 months 
 before advancing to a higher rate
 Fleet Mechanic 2nd..                       18.08      18.67     19.32

Roster 2 - General Clerical "A"
  Clerk Typist                             Step 6

                          Meter Service
Roster 3 - Appliance Service
   
  Gas Serviceman - 1st Class                18.81      19.68     20.62
  Emergency Night Troubleman                16.70      17.24     17.84
  Gas Serviceman - 2nd Class                16.70      17.24     17.84
  Gas Serviceman - 3rd Class                15.18      15.68     16.22
</TABLE>
1. Personnel entering any of the new classifications must be
   certified as qualified under the  following list of requirements:
 

Gas Serviceman - 1st Class    - Self-Cleaning Ranges, Commercial
                                and Industrial 
                                Equipment and Gas Air Conditioners.
  
Gas Serviceman - 2nd Class    - Central Heating Equipment, Space Heaters,    
                                Gas and Gas Ranges, Electric Water Heaters.

Gas Serviceman - 3rd Class    - Gas Water Heaters and Ranges.

Night Troubleman:  Must be a Gas Serviceman - 2nd Class.

2. Training Classes generally will be conducted during the day
   except as set forth in a letter dated August 14, 1964.
3. Upon completion of the necessary classes on any appliance, the
   employee must satisfactorily pass written examination based on
   the subject matter covered in the class.  He must also
   satisfactorily demonstrate his ability to repair a malfunction of
   the appliance.
4. The examination and demonstrations will be prepared and
   administered by a gas and electric service supervisor with such
   manufacturer's assistance as is available.  Samples showing the
   general type of examination will be submitted to the B.U.W. in
   advance.  After satisfactory  completion of examination and
   demonstration, the supervisor will certify the employee for the
   particular appliance.  A Union representative may be present at
   examinations as an observer.
5. Training will be arranged first on those appliances required for
   the lowest classification and will be given progressively through
   the requirements for all classifications.
6. Each employee must be certified for all appliances required below
   as well as those required by the classification equal in wage
   rate to his present class before taking training and attempting
   certification for advancement.
7. As employees are certified for higher classes, they will be
   automatically advanced.  If a junior employee advances to a
   classification higher than that of an employee senior to him in
   the present roster, the senior employee, upon advancement to that
   class, will be accorded seniority over the junior employee.
8. Present employees will not be reduced in wages, during the term
   of this contract, if they do not satisfactorily complete
   certification as required but shall not advance without
   certification.
9. Only after employees are certified for higher classification will
   they receive the higher rate of wages.
10. After certification on all appliances necessary to qualify as a
    Gas Serviceman - 1st Class, employees will be expected to accept
    training and certification on any newly-developed appliances
    without further change in rate.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 
                           Ultimately Hourly Rate Effective
<S>                                             <C>      <C>        <C>     
                                                5-1-94    5-1-95    5-1-96
Roster 5 - Meter (Gas)
  Gas Fitter - Meterman                          18.24    18.83     19.49 
Employees must have worked satisfactorily in 
the lower rated job for 24 months before 
advancing to a higher rate  Gas Fitter - 
Meterman                                         17.60    18.17     18.81
  
Roster 6 - Meter (Gas and Electric)
  Gas / Electric Tester / Installer - 1st Class  19.50    20.13     20.84
  Gas / Electric Tester / Installer - 2nd Class  18.50    19.10     19.77
  Gas / Electric Tester / Installer - 3rd Class  16.47    17.00     17.60
  Gas / Electric Tester / Installer - Helper     15.91    16.43     17.01
  Meterman Helper (Special)                      14.89    15.38     15.92
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>   
                   Gas Distribution Department

<S>                         <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>  
                             5-1-94             5-1-95           5-1-96
Roster 7 - Street                                                
                                        *                  *               * 
Utilityman-A-Leader          19.46    19.97     20.30    20.83   21.22   21.76
Utilityman - A               18.24    18.76     18.83    19.37   19.49   20.04
Utilityman - B               16.29    16.83     16.82    17.38   17.41   17.99
Utilityman - C               15.26    15.77     15.76    16.28   16.31   16.85
Streetman                    14.20    14.71     14.67    15.19   15.18   15.72

Utilityman-A-Leader / Reg    19.46    19.97     20.30    20.83   21.22   21.76
Utilityman - A / Regulator   18.24    18.76     18.83    19.37   19.49   20.04
Utilityman - B / Regulator   16.29    16.83     16.82    17.38   17.41   17.99
Utilityman - C / Regulator   15.26    15.77     15.76    16.28   16.31   16.85
Streetman / Regulator        14.20    14.71     14.67    15.19   15.18   15.72

</TABLE>

*   Thirty-five cents ($.35) per hour is included in the base
  rate of employees in this roster qualified to operate the
  backhoe.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                Electric Distribution Department
                                                                 
                                 Ultimately Hourly Rate Effective
<S>                                      <C>        <C>      <C>
                                          5-1-94     5-1-95    5-1-96
Roster 8 - Electric Distribution                                 
        
Head Lineman                              23.49      24.26     25.11 
Emergency Night Troubleman                21.97      22.68     23.48
Lineman - 1st Class                       21.14      21.82     22.59
Lineman - 2nd Class                       17.26      17.82     18.45
Lineman - 3rd Class                       16.41      16.94     17.53
Apprentice Lineman                        15.59      16.10     16.66
Head Cable Splicer                        23.57      24.33     25.18
Cable Splicer - 1st Class                 21.35      22.05     22.82
Cable Splicer - 2nd Class                 19.03      19.65     20.34
Cable Splicer - 3rd Class                 17.18      17.74     18.36
Cable Splicer's Helper                    16.24      16.77     17.36

</TABLE>

(1)    A premium of five cents ($.05) per hour will be paid to
any employee while so assigned, for the responsibility and
operation of the Post Hole Digger unit.  This premium does not
apply to operators of the new corner-mount digger.

(2)    Linemen who have worked 12 months after promotion to Third
Class and qualified for promotion shall be advanced without
posting to Second Class, and Linemen who have worked 15 months
after promotion to Second Class and qualified for promotion shall
be advanced without posting to First Class.

** Linemen who fail to qualify in either class after 18 months
shall be reassigned to the position they held prior to being
promoted or transferred.  Such promotions will be made with the
understanding that the number of personnel on the roster will not
be increased because of these promotions.  An applicant for a
posted Third Class Lineman's vacancy shall be a qualified
Apprentice Lineman with a minimum of six (6) months total time in
that class.

**   Amendment negotiated April 9, 1971.  In the future, Linemen
   who have worked fifteen (15) months after promotion to Second
   Class and qualified for promotion to Lineman - First Class,
   will not be advanced without posting, as in the past.

Instead, when a Lineman-Second Class has qualified for promotion
to Lineman-First Class, two (2) jobs will be posted, to
facilitate the filling of one opening as follows:

1. Lineman-First Class
   This will allow Emergency Night Troubleman, desirous of returning
   to days, to bid for the opening as well as the newly qualified
   Lineman-First Class.  The award will be made to the Senior
   Qualified bidder.
2. Emergency Night Troubleman (Anticipated)
   This will allow Linemen-First Class, including the newly
   qualified Lineman-First Class, to bid for this anticipated
   opening.  In the event an opening does develop, the award will go
   to the Senior qualified bidder.  If no one bids this anticipated
   opening, and the opening, in fact, occurs due to an Emergency
   Night Troubleman bidding and being awarded the Lineman-First
   Class opening, the newly qualified Lineman-First Class will be
   assigned the open Emergency Night Troubleman job.

(3)    A premium of ten cents ($.10) per hour will be paid to
Apprentice Linemen when assigned to operate a jackhammer for
periods of one (1) hour or more.

(4)    Plus twenty cents ($.20) per hour for actual time spent in
splicing or cutting 2400 V cable alive in manhole.

(5)    Premium of thirty-five cents ($.35) per hour will be paid
to Cable Splicers when splicing on fully insulated cables and/or
potheads for time actually worked in the air necessitating use of
suspended platform, ladder, bucket truck or when working from
poles.

(6)    In the event an Emergency Night Troubleman desires to
revert to the job of Lineman-1st Class, and a qualified
Lineman-1st Class is willing to take the job of Emergency Night
Troubleman; the Company upon being advised of the desires of the
two men, will post an anticipated vacancy for each of the two (2)
jobs in order to provide a swap between them.

(7)    Fifteen cents ($.15) per hour will be included in the base
rate for First Class Lineman and Head Linemen for 15 KV gloving.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 
                                 Ultimately Hourly Rate Effective
<S>                                       <C>        <C>      <C>
                                           5-1-94     5-1-95   5-1-96
Roster 9 - Meter Readers
Head Meter Reader                          16.90      17.45    18.06
Meter Reader                               15.85      16.37    16.94


Meter Readers shall be paid a car 
allowance of $3.75 while using their
own vehicle. Meter Readers shall be
paid $3.75 for meal allowance.

Roster 10 - General Clerical "B"
Consumer Aides                                    Step 6

Roster 11 - Stores 
Stock Clerk                                 17.06      17.61    18.23
Stockman                                    16.49      17.03    17.62

Roster 12 - Janitorial
Janitor                                     13.63      14.07    14.56

Roster 13 - Collection
Collector                                   16.84      17.39    18.00

Roster 15 - Repairs
Repairman - 1st Class - Certified Welder    20.45      21.11    21.85
Repairman - 1st Class                       19.72      20.37    21.08
Repairman - 2nd Class                       17.72      18.29    18.93
Repairman - 3rd Class                       16.24      16.77    17.36
Repairman's Helper                          15.40      15.90    16.46
Custodian                                   14.14      14.60    15.11

Roster 16 - Electrical
Working Foreman                             22.02      22.74    23.53
Electrician - 1st Class and Relay Tester    20.45      21.11    21.85
Electrician - 1st Class                     19.72      20.37    21.08
Electrician - 2nd Class                     17.72      18.29    18.93
Electrician - 3rd Class                     16.24      16.77    17.36

Employees entering this roster on or
after 5/18/84 will be required to pass
a written examination to advance within the
roster.

Roster 19 - Gas Production 
Fireman (3rd Class Engineer's License)       20.21     20.87    21.60
Utilityman - 1                               17.61     18.19    18.82
Utilityman - 2                               17.12     17.67    18.29
Utilityman - 3                               16.63     17.18    17.78

A $1.25 per hour premium will be paid
while operating the LNG and/or Propane
Plants.

Roster 20 - Dig Safe
Dig Safe Technician                          16.71     17.25    17.85
</TABLE>

                CLERICAL PROGRESSION AND PAY PLAN

Applies to clerical employees in Rosters #2 and #10

All clerks as outlined in the Plan will enter clerical
progression and pay plan as a probationary employee; and, if
qualified, will progress under the following schedule:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 
                                          Basic Rate Per Hour
Effective
       STEP               PERIOD IN STEP      5-1-94     5-1-95    5-1-96
<S>                         <C>              <C>        <C>       <C>
 1.  Clerk (Probationary)    3 Months         9.86       10.18     10.53 
 2.  Clerk (Probationary     3 Months         10.61      10.95     11.34 
 3.  Clerk Regular           6 Months         11.30      11.67     12.07
 4.  Clerk Regular           6 Months         11.99      12.38     12.81
 5.  Clerk Regular           6 Months         13.23      13.81     14.45 
 6.  Clerk Regular                            14.04      14.60     15.21

</TABLE>

All progression in the aforementioned steps is contingent upon
demonstrated ability, increased job knowledge and satisfactory
accomplishment.  The Plan calls for personnel in this Roster to
do any job in the Roster, and personnel in these Rosters may be
temporarily assigned to help out during vacations, meal periods,
rest periods, illness and other reasonable absences. 

Effective 5/1/85, employees entering Rosters 2 and 10 will be
allowed to advance to Step 5 of the Clerical Progression and Pay
Plan.  Step 5 will be considered the ultimate rate for these
employees and they shall be expected to perform all the functions
associated with employees in higher steps who entered the rosters
before the effective date of this change.

Classification of Roster 10

The Company agrees to list positions in Roster 10 when posting
openings as follows:

  Customer Service Representative
  Credit Representative
  Dispatch Operator
  Cashier
  Data Processing
  Billing Clerk
  Walk-in Representative - Customer Service
  Walk-in Representative - Credit
  Switchboard Operator / Receptionist
  Mailroom Clerk


              POLICY WITH REFERENCE TO REST PERIOD

First Shift Workers

Employees who are required to work overtime after midnight will
be entitled to seven and one-half (7 1/2) hours of rest from
midnight to the start of the normal shift before reporting for
work, except in cases of actual or threatened interruption of
service.  If such seven and one-half (7 1/2) hour period ends after
the beginning of the normal workday, no deduction in pay will be
made.

  Example 1  -   If an employee called at 12 midnight works to
            3:00 a.m.  His normal work day starts at 7:30 a.m. 
            He is entitled to seven and one-half (7 1/2) hours rest
            time including travel and meal time.  He is allotted
            three (3) hours rest and reports to work at 10:30
            a.m.
  
  Example 2  -   If an employee called at 2:00 a.m. works to
            4:00 a.m.  His normal work day starts at 7:30 a.m. 
            He is entitled to seven and one-half (7 1/2) hours rest
            time including travel and breakfast.  He is allotted
            two (2) hours rest time and reports to work at 9:30
            a.m.
  
  Lunch periods are excluded from determination of rest period
            allotment.  
   
  Example 3  -   If an employee called at 12:00 midnight works
            to 5:00 a.m.  His normal work day starts at 7:30
            a.m.  He is entitled to seven and one-half (7 1/2)
            hours rest time including travel and meal time.  He
            is allotted five (5) hours rest and reports to work
            at 12:50 p.m.
  
  Example 4   -  If an employee called at 2:00 a.m. works to
            4:00 a.m.  His normal work day starts at 8:00 a.m. 
            He is entitled to seven and one-half (7 1/2) hours rest
            time, including travel and breakfast.  He is
            allotted one and one-half  (1 1/2)hours rest time and
            reports to work at 9:30 a.m.

First, Second and Third Shift Workers

In any twenty-four (24) hour period, an employee who has worked
continuously sixteen (16) hours or more, except in case of
interruption to service, is entitled to nine and one-half (9 1/2)
hours rest (including travel time and established meal periods)
before reassignment.  If such rest period should overlap
employee's normal workday, he shall suffer no loss in pay for the
time involved.

When employees have worked twenty-four (24) or more consecutive
hours, and such work extends into the employee's normal work day,
he shall suffer no loss of paid rest entitlement for such hours
extending into that normal work day.

Where the extended work period follows a scheduled work day of
eight (8) hours with a one-hour paid lunch period, the scheduled
work day will count as eight consecutive hours.

If the paid rest period ends two (2) hours or less, prior to the
end of the employee's regular scheduled workday, the paid rest
period will be extended to the end of such regular scheduled work
day.  If the paid rest period does not extend more than two (2)
hours into such regular scheduled workday, the work crew in
agreement with the supervisor will have the option of working the
first part of the day and taking the paid rest period prior to
the end of such regular scheduled workday.

When, following a rest period, an employee is scheduled to report
for work shortly before his lunch period, the supervisor has
discretion to excuse him from reporting back to work until after
lunch, without loss of pay, depending upon the then-existing work
requirements, and provided the employee has telephoned the
supervisor prior to the time he was scheduled to report to
ascertain whether he should report as scheduled or wait until
after lunch.

The Company will consider employees completing a rest period to
be available for overtime based on their standing on the overtime
equalization list.

When an employee accrues rest time, it must be taken within three
months of the time it is earned, in eight hour blocks, or it will
not be available to the employee.  All time currently accrued
must be taken before 12/31/89.

Rest period will be granted to second shift workers only on a
call-out which would distrub their sleep, i.e. the hours between
midnight and 7:00 a.m.

                       SHIFT DIFFERENTIAL

Employees assigned to classification whose regularly scheduled
hours start between 1:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m. shall receive, in
addition to their regular rate, a premium of eighty-five cents
($.85) per hour for time worked; and employees assigned to
classifications whose regularly scheduled hours start between
10:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. shall receive in addition to their
regular rate, a premium of eighty-five cents ($.85) per hour for
time worked.  Effective 5/1/94, this premium will increase to
eighty-five cents ($.85) per hour.

                         SUNDAY PREMIUM

A premium of twenty-five per cent (25%) of the straight-time
basis rate of established classifications will be paid when work
is performed on Sunday where such Sunday is within the regularly
scheduled work-week of such class.

               DOUBLE TIME ON SECOND DAY OF RELIEF
                WHICH IS SEVENTH DAY OF WORK     

An employee who is required to work on his second consecutive day
of relief, and having worked as much as three (3) hours on his
first day of relief and all of his scheduled hours during the
seven (7) day period, shall be paid double his regular hourly
rate of pay for hours worked on said second day of relief.  An
employee who has earned a premium in accordance with this
provision will not be entitled to another such premium until he
has again qualified for it on the basis of work performed in
another seven (7) day period.  A call out on the first day of
relief does not meet the three (3) hour requirement unless the
employee actually works three (3) or more hours.

For Monday to Friday workers, for the purposes of his premium
payment, the first day of relief will be considered Saturday, the
second day of relief the Sunday which is on the following day,
and the seven (7) day period will be the period ending that
Sunday.

For shift workers, or those on any other schedule the first day
of relief and the second day of relief will be as allocated
according to the payroll work week.

If the second day of relief occurs on a holiday, the holiday
premium only will be paid and these premiums will not be
pyramided.

In no event will the double time premium be paid more than once
in any payroll work week.


                        OFF-HOUR COVERAGE

When so assigned, the rates for Off-Hour Coverage will be four
dollars ($4.00) per day plus an additional four dollars ($4.00)
per day for days of relief and holidays.



EMERGENCY CALL OUT

First shift employees who have a call-out which includes hours
after midnight, when the next day is a day of relief (Friday
night and Saturday night), will be paid double time for all hours
after midnight until the normal starting time, as if it was not a
day of relief, e.g., 7:30 a.m. for roster 7, 8, 15, 19 and 8:00
a.m. for all other rosters.  The minimum for a call-out, between
the above mentioned hours, will be double time for three (3)
hours.  There will be no double counting of hours after the
normal starting time.  This provision will also apply to
employees on first shift who work other then Monday through
Friday.

EXAMPLES:  

A. An employee whose normal days of relief are Saturdays and Sunday
   is called out and reports to work at 11:00 p.m. on Saturday and
   works until 1:00 a.m. on Sunday will be paid:

                1 hour @ time-and-a-half (1-1/2) plus;
                2 hours @ double time (2)

B. An employee whose normal days of relief are Saturday and Sunday
   is called out and reports to work at 2:00 a.m. on Saturday and
   works until 4:00 a.m. on Saturday will be paid:

                3 hours @ double time

C. An employee from roster 7 or 8 whose normal days of  relief are
   Saturday and Sunday is called out and reports to work at 4:00
   a.m. on Sunday and works until 8:00 a.m. on Sunday will be paid:
                3 and 1/2 hours @ double time (4:00 a.m. to 7:30 a.m.)
   plus         1/2 hour @ time-and-a-half (7:30 a.m. to 8:00 a.m.)

D. An employee from roster 3, 5, or 6 whose normal days of  relief
   are Saturday and Sunday is called out and reports to work at 4:00
   a.m. on Saturday and works until 8:00 a.m. on Saturday will be
   paid: 

                4 hours @ double time (4:00 a.m. to 8:00 a.m.)

E. An employee whose normal days of relief are Saturday and Sunday
   is called out and reports to work at 5:30 a.m. on Saturday and
   works until 8:00 a.m. on Saturday will be paid:

                3 hours @ double time

                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART "B"                                              COMPANY
POLICIES

POLICY                                                    Page
    #1  -  Assignment to Conventional Line Equipment       63
    #2  -  Education Assistance                            63
    #3  -   Payday                                         63
    #4  -  Telephone Reimbursement                         63
    #5  -  Upgrade to Supervisor (10%)                     64

                     Policy Letters Retained
                          
   "A"  -  Reference to Sickness/Accident Insurance Plan   65

   "B"  -  Reference to Uniforms                           66

                        COMPANY POLICIES
                             
For the information of all concerned, we are listing below a
number of Company policies of general interest:

1. The Company intends to rotate assignments to the conventional
   line equipment in order to keep people proficient at climbing,
   but the duration of assignments is predicated upon individual
   capabilities, performance and interest.  Although assignments
   will not always be equal they will be equitable.  While the
   assignments are discretionary, they will not be discriminatory
   and the Company will be entirely willing at any time to discuss
   any complaints.
2. The Company has a Tuition Refund program for educational
   assistance under which the Company will refund to its regularly
   employed, full-time personnel 75% of the net tuition and
   registration cost of certain courses of study approved by the
   Company and related to the employee's present position, provided
   the other program requirements are met.  Details of the program
   are available at the Personnel Office.
3. Payday for bargaining unit personnel will be Thursday, p.m.
4. Effective May 1, 1975, only those employees receiving telephone
   reimbursement, as of that date, will continue to be eligible for
   such reimbursement while in a  classification to which such
   reimbursement applies.  Should an eligible employee locate in a
   classification to which telephone reimbursement does not apply,
   his name will be removed from the list.  However, should he
   revert to a classification to which the telephone reimbursement
   does apply, he will again become eligible.  (The eligibility list
   is in the custody of the Payroll Department, and no new names
   will be added to it.)
5. When the Company temporarily requires a bargaining unit employee
   to perform supervisory work, as, for example, in the absence of a
   supervisor, the Company pays a premium of 10% of the employee's
   regular rate but not more than the rate of the supervisor,
   provided the employee is assigned the responsibility for the
   employees under him.  In the event a Lineman-1st Class is
   temporarily assigned as Distribution Foreman and is assigned the
   responsibility for two or more crews, the Company pays the rate
   of the Head Lineman plus 10% of that rate, but not more than the
   rate of the Distribution Foreman.  

When a bargaining unit employee in Roster 10 (Customer Services
only) is upgraded under this policy, the employee will perform
his regular bargaining unit work and supervisory assignments made
by the manager.

At the present time, there is no intention to change the above
policies, but the Company does intend to review them from
time-to-time, and if changes are made, appropriate advance notice
will be given to those concerned.  None of the above policies
will be changed unless the changes have been discussed with the
Union.

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC
LIGHT COMPANY 


REVISED
POLICY "A" SICKNESS AND ACCIDENT POLICY                          
                                   5/1/91

This will confirm the following points discussed during
collective bargaining negotiations in 1991 involving the sickness
and accident policy.

1. The policy will apply to all full-time employees who are employed
   for six (6) months in a regular position.
2. The benefit will be for not more than 26 weekly payments in a
   52-week period at $200.00 per week.
3. The benefit will commence fifteen (15) days after the date of
   disability for a covered accident or sickness but will not
   provide payments for the period covered by the Disability Payment
   Plan (Article XVII, Pg. 25).
4. In the event the employee is absent due to an accident that
   occurred outside of work, the employee will notify the company
   and reimburse the company from the settlement, the amount
   received from the Accident and Sickness Policy for wages not to
   exceed the amount of the payment made under the plan.
5. The employee contribution to this plan will be $0.92 per week. 
   The plan will be reviewed annually to determine the amount of the
   employee contribution.
6. At the expiration of this benefit, the employee must apply for a
   personal leave.  All benefits will cease unless an extension is
   approved by the Company.
7. Before the company makes payment under this plan, there must be
   medical evidence presented by the employee to substantiate the
   medical claim.  The company will determine if the employee should
   be evaluated by the company physician to substantiate the medical
   evidence.
8. If there is a disagreement between the employee's physician and
   the company physician, the case will be referred to a recognized
   specialist or clinic in the field of medicine involved, whose
   opinion will be final and binding upon the parties.  Whenever
   possible the University of Mass. Medical Center-Worcester will be
   used.
9. The employee must cooperate with the company in establishing and
   re-establishing medical eligibility under this plan.  Failure to
   do so will result in termination of benefits under this plan.

                             Revised
                          MEMO PART "B"

                                                                 
                                   May 1, 1991


The Brotherhood of Utility Workers of
New England, Inc.
Local No. 340
Fitchburg, MA 01420

Gentlemen:

     In August 1972, the Company furnished uniforms to the
Customer Service Department under the following discussed
conditions:

     The Company will furnish uniforms for Customer Service
     Department servicemen, the Appliance Parts Clerk, and
     Electric Meter Department personnel.  The uniforms will
     consist of jackets, trousers, and shirts for the Customer
     Service Department personnel and Electric Meter Department
     personnel and a smock for the Appliance Parts Clerk.  The
     employees will arrange for the laundering of  these
     uniforms at their own expense.  The employees will take
     reasonable care of the clothing furnished and they will be
     required to wear such clothing during all working hours.
     
     Officers of Local No. 340, B.U.W. not only endorse the
     program of personnel in the Customer Service Department and
     the Electric Meter Department wearing uniforms but have
     offered to support this program by assisting the Company in
     seeing that the personnel involved wear said uniforms.  In
     the event that one were not to wear the uniform for any
     reason, Local No. 340 officers requested that they be
     notified at which time they will immediately contact the
     individual involved and make every effort to see that the
     uniform will be worn with consistency.  In the event the
     officers of Local No. 340 are unsuccessful in this initial
     assistance, the Company would then become involved and
     would resort to their normal disciplinary practices in
     cases of infraction of Company rules.
     
     Effective May 1, 1991, the Uniform Policy will be expanded
     to include employees in Rosters 1, 7, 8, 9, 15, 19 and the
     Janitor, Stockman and Mail and Supplies Clerk.  The jacket
     provided to the meter readers will be laundered by the
     Company.  All provisions of this letter will apply to these
     classifications.
                                             
                                             Very truly yours,
                                             
                                             
                                             Frank L. Childs
                                             President



PART "C"                                             
               FITCHBURG GAS AND  ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
                GROUP INSURANCE SUMMARY

     There shall be maintained a Group  Insurance program with
the following benefits:

Group Life Insurance
     Employees are eligible for group life insurance coverage
equivalent to two times their basic annual wages reduced to the
next lower full thousand.  Employees hired before May 1, 1985
will be eligible for group life insurance coverage equivalent to
three times their basic annual wages reduced to the next lower
full thousand.
     Employees become eligible for coverage after six months of
employment.
     Maximum Group Life Insurance coverage is $100,000.  
     Fitchburg Gas And Electric Light Company pays insurance
premium cost.

Accidental Death and Dismemberment
     Employees are eligible for accidental Death and
Dismemberment coverage equal to the total of their Group Life
Coverage up to a maximum of $5,000.
     Fitchburg Gas And Electric Light Company pays insurance
premium cost.

Insurance After Retirement
     Employees retired on a pension may continue Group Life
Insurance up to one-half of the amount carried at the time of
retirement with the maximum being $7,500.
     Fitchburg Gas And Electric Light Company pays for the
retiree's group life insurance.

Group Comprehensive Health Insurance
     Group Comprehensive Health Services Insurance is provided
for employees and their eligible dependents and is briefly
outlined as follows:

A.   Deductible: $100 of "Covered Medical Expenses" for each
member, each calendar year with a maximum of three deductibles
per family per calendar year.

B.   Coinsurance: Program pays 80% of first $2,000 of "Covered
Medical Expenses" in excess of deductible for each member each
year.

C.   Paid In Full: Program pays in full "Covered Medical
Expenses" in excess of the coinsured amount and the deductible
for the remainder of the calendar year.

     Maximum lifetime benefit per member is $1,000,000 (benefit
for the treatment of mental and nervous disorders is limited to
$5,000 per calendar year, lifetime maximum $10,000).  Maximum
out-of-pocket for "Covered Medical Expenses" is $500 per member
each calendar year. "Covered Medical Expenses" include charges
which are usual, customary and reasonable for medically necessary
service, (hospital, physicians, psychiatric, chiropractic and
other required services and supplies).

     While in the employ of the Company, if an employee suffers a
fatal industrial accident, or an employee dies a natural or
non-industrial accidental death leaving a widow(er), the
widow(er) will continue to be covered under the Company's
Comprehensive Health Insurance Plan (with family coverage if
there are dependent children) for a period of ten(10) years, or
until remarriage, or until reaching age sixty-five (65),
whichever occurs first.

     Retirees under sixty-five (65) years and their dependents
will be covered by the Group Comprehensive Health Insurance, and
the Company will pay the premium for Retirees and their
dependents for the first year following retirement.  After this
first year, retirees and their dependents will be eligible to
receive health insurance benefits from the UNITIL Retiree Trust. 
 

GROUP INSURANCE (cont.')

     Active Employees and Retirees over sixty-five (65) years
will be covered by a Supplement to Medicare Plan paid for by the
Company.  The eligible dependents (age 65 or over) of these
active employees and retirees over sixty-five (65) years will
also be covered under the Supplement to Medicare Plan with full
premium paid for by the Company.  The Company will pay the
premium for Retirees and their dependents for the first year
following retirement.  After this first year, retirees and their
dependents will be eligible to receive health insurance benefits
from the UNITIL Retiree Trust.    

     Group Dental Plan
     Group Dental Care Insurance is provided for employees and
their eligible dependents and is briefly outlined as follows:

     Coverage I:  No deductible.  100% paid by insurance.
     Diagnostic - Initial Examination; Examinations to determine
     the required dental treatment once in a six (6) month
     period:
          X-Rays - Full Mouth/Panorex.       
          X-Rays once in a three (3) year period.
          Bitewing X-rays once each twelve (12) month period.
          Peripical X-Rays as necessary.
          Preventative - Cleanings once in a six (6) month
          period.
          Fluoride - once in a twelve (12) month period (age
          limit 19).
          Space Maintainers.

     Coverage II: $25 deductible per member per insurance plan
year.  After deductible, 80% paid by insurance, 20% paid by patient.
          Restorative - Amalgam, Silicate and Acrylic
          restorations.
          Oral Surgery - Extraction's.
          Endodontics - Pupal therapy; root canal filling.
          Periodontics - Treatment of gum disease; includes
          periodontal cleanings.
          Dental Repair - Repair of removable denture to its
          original condition.
          Palliative - Emergency Treatment.

     Coverage III: $25 deductible per member per insurance plan
year.  After deductible, 50% paid by insurance, 50% paid by patient.
          Crowns and build-ups for crowns.
          First placement of inlays and bridges.
          First placement of partial or full dentures.

     Coverage IV:  No deductible.  50% paid by insurance, 50%
paid by patient.
          Orthodontia.  Lifetime maximum for this benefit is 
          $1,000 per person.

     Maximum of three (3) deductibles per family per insurance
plan year and a maximum payment by the plan of $750 per member
per insurance plan year.

     This benefits summary is for informational purposes only. 
The benefits are described more fully in the applicable master
group insurance policy.  The extent of coverage for each
individual is governed at all times by that document.  In the
event of any conflict between this summary and the plan
documents, the plan document will govern. 

PART "D"

                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

                        LETTERS OF INTENT





                   Subject              Date of Letter    Page
1  Consecutive Days of Relief Language    5/1, 1973        69
   - Art. VI                                                     
2  Vacations - Call-in Form               5/1, 1973        70
3  Plans to Furlough During Term of       5/1, 1994        70
   Contract                                                      







May 1, 1973

The Brotherhood of Utility Workers of New England, Inc.
Local No. 340
Fitchburg, Massachusetts

Gentlemen:

It was agreed to delete the second parenthetical reference (Lines
12-24, Page 11, of the 1970-1973 Contract booklet) because there
are no present schedules with three or four consecutive days of
relief in a two-week period.  It was further agreed that if there
should be any applicable schedule in the future with days of
relief so scheduled, the deleted language would be added to the
agreement and again be effective as before.

Very truly yours,

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY

By   (s)  Howard W. Evirs, Jr.
              President


May 1, 1973

The Brotherhood of Utility Workers of New England, Inc.
Local No. 340
Fitchburg, Massachusetts 01420

Gentlemen:

This will confirm to you during negotiations as to our policies
on employees being called in to work during their scheduled
vacation periods.  The Company recognizes the importance and
desirability of employees being able to enjoy their vacations
and, therefore, will call in employees to work during such
periods only in emergency situations or for urgent reasons beyond
those encountered under usual day-to-day operations.

Very truly yours,

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY

By  (s)  Howard W. Evirs, Jr.
      President





May 1, 1994

The Brotherhood of Utility Workers, Inc.
Local No. 340
Fitchburg, Massachusetts

Gentlemen:

The Company has no plans to furlough any regular employees during
the term of the present contract.  However, the Company must be
free to deal with unexpected situations brought about by
economical or technological changes, acts of God, natural or
man-made disasters, etc., and will do so to the optimum benefit
of its' employees, owners and customers.

Very truly yours,

FITCHBURG GAS AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY

By  (s)  Priscilla J. Neault
      Vice President and General Manager

                       PROGRESSION  CHART

ROSTER 1    TRANSPORTATION 
                                                                 
              Fleet Mechanic-1st Class
                                                                 
              Fleet Mechanic-2nd Class (15 Months to 1st Class)

ROSTER 2    CLERICAL "A"
                                                                 
              Clerk Typist  Step 6
              (See Clerical Progression and Pay Plan - Page 57)

ROSTER 3    METER & SERVICE
               Gas Serviceman-1st Class
               Emergency Night Troubleman
               Gas Serviceman-2nd Class
               Gas Serviceman-3rd Class
            Progression Based on Successfully Passing Writtten
            and Field Exam.

ROSTER 5    METER (GAS)
               Gas Fitter Meterman
               Gas Fitter Meterman (24 Months Before Advancing)

ROSTER 6    METER (GAS & ELECTRIC)
               Gas/Electric Tester/Installer-1st Class
               Gas/Electric Tester/Installer-2nd Class
                  Two (2) years in the classification
               Gas/Electric Tester/Installer-3rd Class           
                  Two (2) years in the classification
               Gas/Electric Tester/Installer Helper              
                  Six (6) months in the classification
               Meterman Helper (Special)                         
                  No automatic Progression

ROSTER 7    STREET
               Utilityman-A-Leader
               Utilityman-A
               Utilityman-B        (15 Months to Utilityman-A)
               Utilityman-C        (12 Months to Utilityman-B)
               Streetman           ( 6 Months to Utilityman-C)

ROSTER 8    ELECTRIC DISTRIBUTION
               Head Lineman
               Emergency Night Troubleman
               Lineman-1st Class
               Lineman-2nd Class   (15 Months to 1st Class)
               Lineman-3rd Class   (12 Months to 2nd Class
               Apprentice Lineman  ( 6 Months to 3rd Class)

               Head Cable Splicer
               Cable Splicer 1st Class
               Cable Splicer 2nd Class  (15 Months to 1st Class)
               Cable Splicer 3rd Class  (12 Months to 2nd Class)
               Cable Splicer Helper     ( 6 Months to 3rd Class)

ROSTER  9   METER READER
               Head Meter Reader
               Meter Reader
            No Automatic Progression

ROSTER 10   CLERICAL "B"
               Customer Service Representative
               Credit Representative
               Dispatch Operator
               Cashier
               Data Processing
               Billing Clerk
               Walk-in Representative - Customer Service
               Walk-in Representative - Credit
               Switchboard Operator / Receptionist
               Mailroom Clerk
            (See Clerical Progression and Pay Plan - Page 57)

ROSTER 11   STORES
               Stock Clerk
               Stockman
            No Automatic Progression

ROSTER 12   JANITORIAL
               Janitor
            No Automatic Progression

ROSTER 13   COLLECTIONS
               Collector
            No Automatic Progression

ROSTER 15   REPAIRS
               Repairman-1st Class Certified Welder
               Repairman-1st Class
               Repairman-2nd Class
               Repairman-3rd Class
               Repairman-Helper 
            No Automatic Progression

ROSTER 16   ELECTRICAL
               Electrician-1st Class & Relay Tester
               Electrician-1st Class
               Electrician-2nd Class
               Electrician-3rd Class
            Progression Based on  Successfully Passing a Written
            Exam for Each Class

ROSTER 19   GAS PRODUCTION
               Utilityman 1 
               Utilityman 2 - Must have held U-2 12 Mo.) Per
               Utilityman 3 - Must have held U-3 12 Mo.) Postings
            Progression Based on Successfully Passing a Written
            Exam for Each Class.

ROSTER 20   DIG SAFE
               Dig Safe Technician
            No Automatic Progression



INDEX                                    
A                                        Clerical Pay Plan, 57
Allowance                                    Adjustment, 57
    Meal, 10, 48                         Clothing, Damaged, 48
    Meal Periods, 9                      Coffee Breaks, 47
    Meter Reader Car, 56                 Company Policies, 63, 64
    Meter Reader Meal, 45, 56            Contractors, 31, 32
    Travel-Gas Production, 42            Corner-mount, Digger, 33
Arbitration, 19                          Council Union Leave, 49
Assignment                               Cross-rostering, 7
    Alternate Emergency Nightman, 32     Customer Service
    Bucket Trucks, 33                        Hours of Work, 7
    Hot Stick, 36                            Supervisory Assignment, 64
    Inclement Weather, 37                    Uniforms, 66
    Outside Service Area, 47             D
    Rental Service Work, 43              Damage to Clothing, 48
    Rotation, 63                         Days of Relief
    Supervisors, 64                          Consecutive, 69
    Temporary, 6, 7, 13                      Double Time - Second day, 60
Attendance                               Definition
    Training Sessions, 44                    Employees, 1
B                                        Dental Insurance, 68
Backhoe                                  Digger-Corner Mount, 33
    Premium, 54                          Disability Payment Plan 25,26,27,28
    Use of, 42                               Amount, 26
Bargaining Unit Work                         Eligibility, 26
    Supervisors, 49                          Lump Sum Settlement, 27
Benefits                                     Pay-When-Work, 28
    401(k) Plan, 29                      Disability Retrogression, 23,24,25
    Group Insurance, 28                      Adjusted Pay Rate, 23, 24, 24
Birthday Holiday, 6                      Discharge, 18
Breaks                                   Discipline, 18
    Coffee, 47                           Discrimination, 50
Bulletin Boards, 31                      Distribution, Gas, 35
C                                        Driver's License
Call In                                      Class 1, 49
    Vacation, 70                             Loss, 35
Call Out                                     Reimbursement, 48
    Emergency, 62                        Duration
Car Insurance, 48                            Labor Agreement, 50
Car Washing                              
    Meter Readers, 44                    
                                         
INDEX                                    
E                                        Holidays, 6
Educational Assistance, 63                   Birthday, 6
Electric Distribution                        During Vacation Period, 11
    Electric Turn-ons, 45                    Listing of, 6
    Inclement Weather, 37, 38                Saturday, 6
Emergency                                    Work on, 7
    Call Out, 62                         Hot Stick, 35, 36
    Storm Premium, 5, 6                  Hours of Work, 7
Emergency Nightman, 32                       Customer Service, 7
    Christmas, 7                             Janitor, 8
    Electric Turn-ons, 45                    Service
                                         Department, 8          
Employee                                 I
    Part-time - Definition of, 1         Illness
    Regular - Definition of, 1               Disability Payment, 25
    Temporary - Definition of, 1             Disability Retrogression, 23
Equipment                                    Sickness & Accident, Policy, 65
    Furnished, 41                        Inclement Weather, 37
Exams                                    Insurance
    Medical, 38, 39, 40                      Dental, 68
    Roster 7, 42                             Health, 67
F                                            Life, 67
Furlough Employees, 70                       Lump Sum Settlement, 27
G                                            Motor Vehicle, 48
Gas Distribution                         J
    Crew Complement, 35                  Janitor
    Inclement Weather, 38                    Hours of Work, 8
Gas Production                           Jury Duty, 30
    Assignment, 41                       L
    Off  Season Assignments, 42          Leaves of Absence
    Progression, 42                          Death in Family, 29
    Travel Allowance, 42                     Jury Duty, 30
Gassing Vehicles, 42                         Military Training, 30
Gloves, Work, 41                         Life Insurance, 67
Grievances, 18, 19, 20                   Loss of Driver's
                                         License, 35            
Group Insurance, 28, 29                  M
H                                        Meal
Health Insurance, 28, 29, 67                 Allowance, 10, 48
    Cost, 29                                 Fee Schedule, 10
    Retirees, 67                             Payment, 10
    Surviving Spouse, 67                     Period, 9
                                         
                                         
INDEX                                    
Medical                                  Progression
    Exams, 38, 40                            Chart, 71
    Insurance, 67                            Returning to
                                         Rosters, 45            
Membership                                   Roster 1, 52
    Union, 2                                 Roster 2 and 10, 57
Meter Readers                                Roster 3, 53
    Car Washing, 44                          Roster 5, 53
    Safety Sneakers, 48                      Roster 7, 47
    Uniforms, 66                             Roster 8, 47
    Work Practices, 45                   Q
Military Leave, 17                       Qualification
    Reserve Duty, 30                          Rosters 7 and 8, 45, 47
Motor Vehicles                           R
    Insurance, 48                        Reduction in Forces, 14, 16, 17
O                                        Reimbursement
Off-Hour Coverage, 61                        Driver's License, 48
Overtime, 4                                  Hoist Engineer's License, 48
    Equalization Schedule, 4                 Safety Shoes, 48
    Minimum, 4                           Reserve Duty, 30
    Planned, 4                           Rest Period, 59, 60
    Policy, 43, 44                       Retiree Trust, 49
    Response to, 43                      Retirement
P                                            Health Insurance, 67
Pay-As-You-Work, 28                          Life Insurance, 67
Pay Day, 63                                  Pension, 20, 21, 22, 23
Payroll Deductions                       Retrogression, 23
    Sickness & Accident, 65              S
    Union Dues, 20                       Safety, 49
Pension, 20, 21, 22, 23                  Safety Shoes, 48
Posting                                      Company Reimbursement, 48
    Bulletin Boards, 31                      Employee Purchases, 48
    Vacancies, 15                            Sneakers, 48
Premium                                  Saturday
    Backhoe, 54                              Holiday, 6
    Emergency Storm, 5, 6                Schedule of Wages
    Gas Plants, 57                           Roster   1, 52
    Jackhammer, 55                           Roster   2, 52, 57
    Posthole Digger, 54                      Roster   3, 52, 53
    Splicing in Air, 55                      Roster   5, 53
    Splicing in Manhole, 55                  Roster   6, 53
    Sunday, 60                               Roster   7, 54
Probationary, 14                             Roster   8, 54

INDEX                                    
    Roster   9, 56                       Tuition Refund, 63
    Roster 10, 56, 57                    Turn Ons
    Roster 11, 56                            Electric, 45
    Roster 12, 56                        U
    Roster 13, 56                        Uniforms
    Roster 15, 56                            Customer Services, 66
    Roster 16, 56                            Electric Distribution, 66
    Roster 19, 57                            Gas Distribution, 66
    Roster 20, 57                            Meter Readers, 66
Scheduling                               Union Dues
    Vacations, 11                            Payroll Deduction, 20
Second Day of Relief, 60, 61             Upgrading
Seniority                                    Line and Street Departments, 42
    Definition, 13                           To Supervisor, 64
    Department Transfers, 15             V
    Furloughed Employees, 16             Vacancies, 15
    Leave of Absence, 18                 Vacations, 10, 11, 12
    Posting, 15                              Entitlement, Follow Pers. or
                                               Med. Lv, 12        
    Probationary, 14                         Holiday, 11
    Reduction in Forces, 14                  Illness, 12
    Vacancies, 14                            Scheduling, 10, 12
Shift Differential, 60                   Vehicles
Sickness and Accident Policy, 65             Fueling, 42
Snow Plowing, 40                         W
Storm Premium, Emergency, 5, 60          Wages (see Schedule of Wages)
Successors Clause, 50                        Job Award Increases, 3
Sunday Premiums, 60                          New Employees, 3
Supervisory Assignment, 64                   Reduction in
                                         Forces, 16             
Surviving Spouse                         Wash-up Time, 41
    Health Insurance, 67                 Work Gloves, 41
    Pension, 22                          Work Practices
Suspension, 18                               Meter Readers, 45
T                                        
Telephone Reimbursement, 63              
Temporary Assignment, 7                  
Thermos Bottles, 48                      
Time Off, 28                             
Tools and Equipment, 41                  
Training                                 
    Attendance at Sessions, 44           
    Rosters 7 and 8, 45                  


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
<TEXT>


                      UNITIL CORPORATION              
                                                      
         Computation in Support of Earnings per Share 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              
                                      Year Ended December 31,              
                                     1994      1993      1992
                                         (000's Omitted)            
<S>                                <C>       <C>       <C>
PRIMARY EARNINGS PER SHARE                            
Net Income                          $8,038    $7,600    $6,570 
     Less: Dividend Requirements       291       298       352 
on Preferred Stock                                              
Net Income Applicable to Common     $7,747    $7,302    $6,218 
Stock                                                           
                                                      
Average Number of Common Shares      4,234     4,181     4,133 
Outstanding                                                     
                                                      
Earnings per Average Common Share    $1.83     $1.75     $1.50 
Outstanding                                                     
                                                      
                                                      
FULLY-DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE                      
Net Income                          $8,038    $7,600    $6,570 
     Less: Dividend Requirements       291       298       352 
           on Preferred Stock                                              
Net Income Applicable to Common     $7,747    $7,302    $6,218 
           Stock                                                           
                                                      
Average Number of Common Shares                       
Outstanding and Equivalents*         4,306     4,249     4,168 
                                                      
Earnings per Average Common Share    $1.80     $1.72     $1.49 
Outstanding                                                     

</TABLE>
* Assumes conversions of options outstanding and repurchase of
Common Shares outstanding with proceeds.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF RATIOS
<TEXT>

                                                           EXHIBIT 12.1
                       UNITIL CORPORATION                 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                          
      Computation in Support of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
                                                          
                                                          
                                    Year Ended December 31,      

                               1994   1993   1992   1991   1990

                                 (000's Omitted Except Ratio)    
<S>                        <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>  
Earnings:                                                 
     Net Income, per                                      
Consolidated Statements                                          
          of Earnings       $8,038  $7,600  $6,570  $2,365  $5,519
                                                                 
     Federal Income Tax      3,480   3,627   2,482     940   1,535 
     Deferred Federal Income  (186)   (179)    565     589   1,259 
          Tax                                                              
     State Income Tax          610     610     706     746   1,192 
     Deferred State Income      72    (154)     74     151      35 
          Tax                                                              
     Amortization of          (211)   (217)   (210)   (212)   (212)
      Investment Tax Credit                                            
     Interest on Long-term   4,825   5,692   5,803   6,147   6,155 
          Debt                                                             
     Amortization of Debt       64     119     143     431     424 
      Discount and Expense                                              
     Rents (annual interest    561     592     610     627     689 
            component)                                                       
     Other Interest            909     713   1,003   1,489   1,399 
            Total          $18,162 $18,403 $17,746 $13,273 $17,995
                                                          
Fixed Charges:                                            
     Interest on Long-term  $4,825  $5,692  $5,803  $6,147  $6,155
       Debt                                                             
     Amortization of Debt       64     119     143     431     424 
       Discount and Expense                                             
     Rents (annual interest    561     592     610     627     689 
          component)                                                       
     Other Interest            909     713   1,003   1,489   1,399 
            Total           $6,359  $7,116  $7,559  $8,694  $8,667
                                                                 
                                                          
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed    2.86    2.59    2.35    1.53    2.08
Charges                                                          

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
                                                                 
                                                     Exhibit 22.1

Subsidiaries of Registrant

The Company or the registrant has seven wholly-owned
subsidiaries.  Six of which are corporations organized under the
laws of The State of New Hampshire: CECo, E&H, UNITIL Power,
UNITIL Realty, UNITIL Resources and UNITIL Service.  The seventh,
FG&E, is organized under the laws of The State of Massachusetts.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE FOR 1994 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> UT
       
<S>                                <C>
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                  DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                     JAN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                       DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-TYPE>                      YEAR
<BOOK-VALUE>                       PER-BOOK
<TOTAL-NET-UTILITY-PLANT>          121,573,002
<OTHER-PROPERTY-AND-INVEST>            137,698
<TOTAL-CURRENT-ASSETS>              21,882,786
<TOTAL-DEFERRED-CHARGES>            60,927,975
<OTHER-ASSETS>                               0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                     204,521,461
<CAPITAL-SURPLUS-PAID-IN>            1,062,198
<RETAINED-EARNINGS>                 27,183,016
<TOTAL-COMMON-STOCKHOLDERS-EQ>      59,997,198
<COMMON>                            31,751,984
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                3,868,600
<PREFERRED>                            225,000
<LONG-TERM-DEBT-NET>                65,288,231
<SHORT-TERM-NOTES>                           0
<LONG-TERM-NOTES-PAYABLE>                    0
<COMMERCIAL-PAPER-OBLIGATIONS>               0
<LONG-TERM-DEBT-CURRENT-PORT>          292,090
<PREFERRED-STOCK-CURRENT>                    0
<CAPITAL-LEASE-OBLIGATIONS>          3,377,389
<LEASES-CURRENT>                       460,152
<OTHER-ITEMS-CAPITAL-AND-LIAB>      71,012,800
<TOT-CAPITALIZATION-AND-LIAB>      204,521,461
<GROSS-OPERATING-REVENUE>          153,415,890
<INCOME-TAX-EXPENSE>                 4,137,430
<OTHER-OPERATING-EXPENSES>         135,504,956
<TOTAL-OPERATING-EXPENSES>         139,642,386
<OPERATING-INCOME-LOSS>             13,773,504
<OTHER-INCOME-NET>                      62,887
<INCOME-BEFORE-INTEREST-EXPEN>      13,836,391
<TOTAL-INTEREST-EXPENSE>             5,798,192
<NET-INCOME>                         8,038,199
<PREFERRED-STOCK-DIVIDENDS>            291,543
<EARNINGS-AVAILABLE-FOR-COMM>        7,746,656
<COMMON-STOCK-DIVIDENDS>             5,243,516
<TOTAL-INTEREST-ON-BONDS>            4,825,160
<CASH-FLOW-OPERATIONS>              16,349,217
<EPS-PRIMARY>                             1.83
<EPS-DILUTED>                             1.80

        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
