-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 K0Mfo2cIMZE3HifYLu0mqqLCdUjzD9sbiHNYp8K3W7VGgjfybT9Anq2uhfzhbnVU
 qAsd02semtRiAPUtW7z8NQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000225971-95-000003.txt : 19950615
<IMS-HEADER>0000225971-95-000003.hdr.sgml : 19950615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000225971-95-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950315
SROS:			NASD
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U S TRUST CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000225971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				132927955
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08709
		FILM NUMBER:		95520806

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		114 WEST 47TH ST
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2128521000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                          UNITED STATES
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                    Washington, D. C.   20549

                            FORM 10-K

        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended                  Commission file number
    December 31, 1994                              0-8709

                      U. S. TRUST CORPORATION
       (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           New York                                13-2927955
(State or other jurisdiction of                (I. R. S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                Identification No.)

114 West 47th Street, New York, New York                 10036
(Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:(212) 852-1000

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                              None

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                Common Shares, Par Value $1 Per Share
                          (Title of Class)

Rights to Purchase Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Shares
                          (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                            Yes  X       No
                               -----       -----






                            Page 1 of 67 Pages
<PAGE>
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ X ]

State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-
affiliates of the registrant.  The aggregate market value shall be
computed by reference to the price at which the stock was sold, or the
average bid and asked prices of such stock, as of a specified date
within 60 days prior to the date of filing.  (See definition of
affiliate in Rule 405, 17 CFR 230.405.)

                  $632,658,000 as of February 28, 1995

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

9,504,720 Common Shares, Par Value $1 Per Share, as of February 28,
1995.


                   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
                   -----------------------------------


Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year ended
December 31, 1994 is incorporated by reference (Part I, Part II).






















                                   -2-
<PAGE>
                                 PART I
                                 ------

Item 1.  Business
- -----------------

     U.S. Trust Corporation (the "Corporation") was incorporated in New
York in 1977 and became a bank holding company in 1978.  United States
Trust Company of New York, a New York bank and trust company  (the
"Trust Company"), the Corporation's principal subsidiary, was created as
a trust company by Special Act of the New York Legislature in 1853.  The
Corporation, through the Trust Company and its other subsidiaries,
provides financial services to individuals and institutions.  The
Corporation conducts five principal businesses:  asset management,
private banking, special fiduciary, corporate trust and securities
processing.  At December 31, 1994, the Corporation and its consolidated
subsidiaries had total assets of approximately $3.2 billion, total
deposits of approximately $2.4 billion and shareholders' equity of
approximately $223 million.  At year-end, the Corporation had 2,558
full-time employees.

     The Corporation's principal executive office is located at 114 West
47th Street, New York, New York 10036 and its telephone number at such
office is (212) 852-1000.

     For a description of the Corporation's principal areas of business,
see pages 7 through 13 of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders filed
herewith as Exhibit 13, which description is incorporated by reference
herein.


Pending Disposition and Merger Transaction
- ------------------------------------------

     On November 18, 1994, the Corporation and The Chase Manhattan
Corporation ("Chase") entered into an Agreement and plan of Merger under
which Chase will acquire the Corporation's institutional custody, mutual
funds servicing and unit trust businesses (the "Processing Business")
and certain back office operations (collectively the "Chase Acquired
Business") for $363.5 million in Chase common stock.  For a description
of the pending transaction, see the Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated
February 9, 1995 for a special meeting of shareholders of the
Corporation to be held on March 22, 1995, filed herewith as Exhibit
99.1.  The pro forma condensed statement of condition as of December 31,
1994, pro forma condensed statement of income for the year ended
December 31, 1994 and the pro form condensed statement of average
balances for the year ended December 31, 1994 are filed herewith as
Exhibit 99.2.  Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 are incorporated herein by
reference.

                                  -3-
<PAGE>
Description of the Corporation's Businesses
- -------------------------------------------

     Set forth below is a description of the Corporation's businesses as
they existed at December 31, 1994, before taking into account the
pending transaction with Chase.


     Asset Management and Private Banking
     ------------------------------------

     The Corporation provides asset management services to individuals,
families and institutions and private banking.

     In the personal asset management and private banking business, the
Corporation's primary focus is the top 2% wealthiest Americans, those
with over $200,000 in income or $450,000 in investable assets.  The
Corporation believes (based on syndicated market research studies
conducted by Payment Systems, Inc., an independent research firm) that
this market is growing at 14% to 20% annually and that less than one-
third of the assets in this market are professionally managed.  The
personal asset management and private banking business is highly
competitive and comprised of a wide variety of institutions vying for
business, including banking institutions, brokerage firms, investment
management companies and mutual fund companies.  No one competitor
dominates this market.  The Corporation believes that it differentiates
itself from its competitors by providing both investment management and
comprehensive wealth management services.  The Corporation's full range
of investment management services for the affluent includes U.S. and
international equities, fixed-income, balanced portfolios, alternative
investments, mutual funds and 401(k) plans.  The Corporation also
provides private banking, trust and fiduciary services, estate and tax
planning, financial planning, custody, insurance services and
consolidated record keeping.

     The Corporation has divided its personal market into three segments
and tailored its products and service delivery to each.  Its primary
market consists of individuals with $2 million to $50 million in assets. 
Investment portfolios for this market segment are generally individually
managed and require the use of a number of the Corporation's services. 
The Corporation is currently expanding its line of products for this
market segment by adding a variable annuity product and a venture
capital fund.

     For the second segment of the Corporation's personal market - those
customers with $250,000 to $2 million in assets - the Corporation
provides investment management services, principally through the
"UST Master Fund" family of 25 mutual funds.  The Corporation's "Wealth 


                                   -4-
<PAGE>
     Asset Management and Private Banking (Cont'd.)
     ------------------------------------

Management Account" assets now total over $600 million with an average
account balance size of $650,000.  The Corporation's private banking
services are also responsible for attracting this portion of the
Corporation's market, comprised of generally younger, earned wealth
customers whose assets are expected to grow over time.

     The third segment of the Corporation's personal market includes
families with over $50 million in assets.  The Corporation currently
serves well over 100 such families.  To help meet the increasingly
sophisticated and complex needs of these families, the Corporation
acquired CTC Consulting, Inc. ("CTC") in July of 1993.  CTC provides
independent counseling on investment policy, manager selection and
performance measurement.  The Corporation offers an enhanced master
custody product for this market, as well as specialized consulting
services for family-owned businesses.  The Corporation has also expanded
its family office capabilities to serve clients in this market.

     A major strategic goal of the Corporation's personal asset
management and private banking business for over a decade has been
national expansion.  Personal asset management and private banking
clients usually require service to be provided at the local level. 
Expanding beyond its New York City headquarters to meet these demands,
the Corporation has established offices nationwide in areas it believes
are comprised of concentrated wealth:  California, Connecticut, Florida,
New Jersey, Texas and the Pacific Northwest.  The Corporation's future
goals include expansion in those regions where the Corporation currently
provides asset management services and in other areas of wealth
concentration and creation.

     The Corporation's institutional asset management business provides
a wide range of investment management services directly to institutional
clients:  domestic and international equity, fixed-income, money market
and balanced portfolios, as well as structured investments, index funds,
alternative investments and cash management.

     The Corporation has placed increased emphasis on the sales effort
supporting the personal asset management business, including in recent
years a three-fold increase in the size of its sales force and the
implementation a decade ago of a generous sales incentive program for
all employees.  In addition, the Corporation possesses a dedicated sales
force committed to the institutional asset management business.

     The Corporation believes providing its investment management
services through third-party distribution channels is an increasingly
important aspect of its asset management business.  The Corporation is 


                                   -5-
<PAGE>
     Asset Management and Private Banking (Cont'd.)
     ------------------------------------

broadening the distribution of its UST Master Fund family and its
"Excelsior Funds", introduced in 1994 for the institutional market,
through small banks, broker/ dealers and private labeling.  The
Corporation also has a "wrap" program through which its fixed-income
investment products are sold by five brokerage firms and assets now
total over $500 million with approximately 900 accounts.  The
Corporation's proprietary variable annuity, developed jointly with The
Chubb Life Companies ("Chubb"), is linked to clones of the UST Master
Funds and will be sold through over 200 independent third-party
distributors, as well as by the Corporation and Chubb.

     In the rapidly growing 401(k) market, the Corporation is currently
developing a bundled product aimed at plans with more than $5 million in
assets.  The Corporation will provide investment management for the
bundled product using a subset of the Excelsior Funds and an asset
allocation model to create a "life stages portfolios" product.  This
product will also feature administration by the Corporation, third-party
record keeping and an employee education component.

     The Corporation provides private banking services through its four
offices in New York City and through its regional offices in California,
Connecticut, Florida, New Jersey and Texas.  Residential mortgages
continue to be the principal credit product in private banking,
accounting for nearly two-thirds of the portfolio.  Private banking
loans represent almost 90% of the Corporation's total average loans,
which amounted to $1.3 billion for the year 1994.  The remaining loans
are primarily comprised of credit facilities to securities firms and
other financial institutions.  The Corporation's credit quality
continues to be strong.  As a percentage of total average loans, net
loan charge-offs for the year 1994 were five basis points.

     Asset management and private banking customer deposits comprise a
principal source of funds employed to finance the loan portfolio.  For
the year ended December 31, 1994, non-interest bearing asset management
and private banking deposits were approximately $331 million and
interest bearing deposits were approximately $1.4 billion. 
Historically, these deposits have been a stable source of funds to the
Corporation.


     Special Fiduciary Services
     --------------------------

     The Corporation provides investment, fiduciary and consulting
services to employee benefit plans that invest in employer stocks and to 


                                   -6-
<PAGE>
     Special Fiduciary Services (Cont'd.)
     --------------------------

individuals and families with substantial ownership positions in public
or private companies.  The Corporation specializes in providing these
services to large, complex plans and believes it is the leading provider
of such services in this segment of the market.  Competition in this
segment of the market comes from several financial industry
participants, including primarily other trust companies.


     Corporate Trust and Agency
     --------------------------

     One of the 10 largest corporate trustees in the country, the
Corporation is a leader in providing trust, agency and related services
to public and private corporations, municipalities and financial
institutions.  Corporate trust and agency assets currently total
approximately $152 billion.  The Corporation's independence and
established long-term relationships are an advantage in the indenture
trusteeship business, where the Corporation concentrates on the high
margin segment of the market.  Competitors include money center and
regional banks.

     During each of the past three years, the Corporation has been the
leading trustee in New York State for new municipal long-term debt and
ranks among the top three trustees nationally.

     The Corporation is also a leader in providing trustee services for
complex new types of securities, as well as a provider of bond
immobilization services.  The Corporation believes these segments to be
two of the fastest growing areas of the corporate trust and agency
business.

     The Corporation has strengthened its national presence in the
corporate trust and agency business with the opening of corporate trust
offices in California and Texas.


     Securities Processing
     ---------------------

     The Corporation's Processing Business consists of its Institutional
Asset Services and Funds Services areas.  Success in these areas of
business requires ongoing significant investments in state-of-the-art
technology to both maintain and improve the Corporation's competitive
position.  The high level of capital investment required by the
Processing Business was a major factor for entering into the transaction
with Chase.

                                   -7-
<PAGE>
     Institutional Asset Services
     ----------------------------

     The Corporation is a full-service provider of master trust and
master custody services to institutional investors, including on-line
accounting and reporting, quantitative analysis, cash management,
securities lending and global custody.  The Corporation has concentrated
on marketing its services to those segments of the market that require
the sophisticated systems and superior service that the Corporation
provides.


     Funds Services
     --------------

     The Corporation provides trust, administrative and processing
services for unit investment trusts, mutual funds and closed-end funds,
and bond immobilization services to issuers of debt instruments.  Unit
investment trusts are passive asset pools administered by a trustee,
which serves as custodian, recordkeeper, income collector and disburser,
and transfer agent.  Municipal bonds are the securities most commonly
held in unit investment trusts.  To a lesser extent, common stocks,
corporate bonds, asset-backed securities and collateralized mortgage
obligations are also held in unit investment trusts.

     Mutual funds services include the provision of fund administration,
transfer agency, custody and fund accounting services to mutual fund
sponsors for both open-end and closed-end funds.


Competition
- -----------

     The Corporation's asset management and private banking business
competes with investment counselling firms and with investment bankers
and brokers which offer advisory services and, to some extent, with
mutual funds.  The trust and agency business is also highly competitive. 
Many commercial banks, with larger capitalizations and deposits, and
several smaller specialized banks throughout the country provide similar
fiduciary services.

     In its private banking, corporate trust and securities processing
activities, the Corporation operates in an intensely competitive
environment, both as to service and price, with other banks principally
in the New York metropolitan area, California, Florida, Texas and the
pacific northwest.

     Competition in the Corporation's special fiduciary services
business comes from several financial industry participants, including
primarily other trust companies.
                                   -8-
<PAGE>
Banking and Trust Subsidiaries
- ------------------------------

     The Trust Company is a member bank of the Federal Reserve System,
an insured bank of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and a
member of the New York Clearing House Association.  The Trust Company
had total assets of approximately $2.7 billion, total deposits of
approximately $2.1 billion and shareholder's equity of approximately
$187 million at December 31, 1994.  Dividends have been paid by the
Trust Company in every year since its organization in 1853.  At year-
end, the Trust Company had 1,815 full-time employees.

     The Corporation's other banking subsidiaries are U.S. Trust Company
of California, N.A. ("California"), U.S. Trust Company of Florida
Savings Bank ("Florida") and U.S. Trust Company of Texas, N.A.
("Texas").  Each of these subsidiaries has full banking and trust powers
within their respective states and provides essentially comparable
services to those offered by the Trust Company.

     U.S. Trust Company of New Jersey ("New Jersey") is a full-service
trust company.  In addition to its trust activities, commencing in 1993,
New Jersey also provides private banking services.

     U.S. Trust Company of Connecticut was opened for business as a
limited purpose trust company in June 1993.

     Campbell, Cowperthwait & Co., Inc. ("Campbell"), a New York City-
based investment advisory company, was acquired in December 1992.

     Capital Trust Company ("Capital Trust"), an Oregon-based trust and
investment management firm, was acquired in July 1993.  As of January 1,
1994, Capital Trust changed its name to U.S. Trust Company of the
Pacific Northwest and its consulting practice was contributed to a
separate subsidiary, CTC Consulting, Inc.

     For an additional discussion of these acquisitions, see page 18 of
the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and Note 3 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements on page 27 of such Annual Report filed
herewith as Exhibit 13, which discussion is incorporated by reference
herein.


Recent Developments
- -------------------

     On January 17, 1995, the Corporation announced an agreement to
acquire the individual account business of J. & W. Seligman & Co. Inc.,
and to purchase J. & W. Seligman Trust Company.  J. & W. Seligman & Co. 


                                   -9-
<PAGE>
Recent Developments (Cont'd.)
- -------------------

Inc., is a privately held investment manager and advisor located in New
York.  Under the agreement, the Corporation will pay up to $20 million
in cash for the business being acquired (approximately $900 million in
assets under management).  The transaction is expected to close during
the second quarter of 1995.


Government Monetary Policies
- ----------------------------

     Monetary authorities have a significant impact on the operating
results of the Corporation and other financial service institutions. 
The decisions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
("the Board of Governors") affect the supply of money and member bank
reserves by means of open market operations in U. S. Government
securities or by changes in the discount rate or reserve requirements. 
The Board of Governors' actions have an important influence on the
growth of bank loans and investments and the level of interest charged
for loans and paid on deposits.  Because of changing conditions in the
money markets, as a result of actions by the Board of Governors and
other regulatory authorities, interest rates, credit availability,
deposit levels and bond and stock prices may change materially due to
circumstances beyond the control of the Corporation.


Supervision and Regulation of the Corporation and Affiliates
- ------------------------------------------------------------

     General
     -------

     The Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from its
subsidiaries.  The ability of holders of debt and equity securities of
the Corporation to benefit from the distribution of assets of any
subsidiary upon the liquidation or reorganization of such subsidiary is
subordinate to prior claims of creditors of the subsidiary except to the
extent that a claim of the Corporation as a creditor may be recognized.

     There are various statutory and regulatory limitations on the
extent to which banking subsidiaries of the Corporation can finance or
otherwise transfer funds to the Corporation or its nonbanking
subsidiaries, whether in the form of loans, extensions of credit,
investments or asset purchases.  Such transfers by any subsidiary bank
to the Corporation or any nonbanking subsidiary are limited in amount to 



                                   -10-
<PAGE>
     General (Cont'd.)
     -------

10% of the bank's capital and surplus and, with respect to the
Corporation and all such nonbanking subsidiaries, to an aggregate of 20%
of each such bank's capital and surplus.  Furthermore, loans and
extensions of credit are required to be secured in specified amounts and
are required to be on terms and conditions consistent with safe and
sound banking practices.

     There are also regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends
directly or indirectly to the Corporation from its banking subsidiaries. 
Under applicable banking statutes, at December 31, 1994, the banking
institutions that are subsidiaries of the Corporation could have
declared additional dividends of approximately $33.9 million.

     Under the policy of the Board of Governors, the Corporation is
expected to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary
bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank in
circumstances where it might not do so absent such policy.  In addition,
any subordinated loans by the Corporation to any of the subsidiary banks
would also be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and
obligations to general creditors of such subsidiary bank.  Further, the
Crime Control Act of 1990 provides that in the event of the bankruptcy
of the Corporation, any commitment by the Corporation to bank regulators
to maintain the capital of a banking subsidiary will be assumed by the
bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment.


     Bank Holding Company Act of 1956
     --------------------------------

     The Corporation is a bank holding company within the meaning of the
Federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the "Act") and is so
registered with the Board of Governors.  As such, the Corporation is
required to file with the Board of Governors annual reports and other
information and is subject to examination regarding its business
operations and those of its subsidiaries.  Further, a bank holding
company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain
tie-in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit or
provision of any property or service.

     The Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior
approval of the Board of Governors before acquiring substantially all
the assets of any bank or before acquiring direct or indirect ownership
or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any bank which is not
already majority-owned.  Until September 29, 1995, the Act prohibits the
acquisition by a bank holding company of shares of a bank located 


                                   -11-
<PAGE>
     Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (Cont'd.)
     --------------------------------

outside the state in which the operations of its banking subsidiaries
are principally conducted, unless such an acquisition is specifically
authorized by a statute of the state in which the bank to be acquired is
located.  The Act, also prohibits a bank holding company, with certain
exceptions, from acquiring more than 5% of the voting shares of any
company which is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than
banking or managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to or
performing services for its subsidiary banks.  One of the exceptions to
this prohibition is engaging in, or acquiring shares of a company which
engages in, activities which the Board of Governors has determined to be
so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be
a proper incident thereto.  Under current regulations, bank holding
companies and their subsidiaries are permitted to engage in such banking
and banking-related businesses as equipment leasing, computer service
bureau operations, acting as investment or financial adviser, performing
fiduciary, agency and custodial services, certain types of real estate
financing and providing management consulting advice to non-affiliated
banks.

     In approving acquisitions by bank holding companies of banks and
companies engaged in banking-related activities, the Board of Governors
considers a number of factors, including the expected benefits to the
public such as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in
efficiency, as weighed against the risks or possible adverse effects
such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair
competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices.  The
Board of Governors is also empowered to differentiate between activities
commenced de novo and activities commenced through acquisition of a
going concern.  The Board of Governors may order a bank holding company
to terminate any activity or its ownership or control of a nonbank
subsidiary if the Board of Governors finds that such activity or
ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety,
soundness or stability of a subsidiary bank and is inconsistent with
sound banking principles or statutory purposes.


     Other Federal and State Banking Regulation
     ------------------------------------------

     The Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York has the
discretion to examine the affairs of the Corporation for the purpose of
determining the financial condition of the Trust Company.  The Trust
Company and its operations are subject to federal and New York State
laws applicable to commercial banks and trust companies and to
regulation and examination by both federal and New York banking 


                                   -12-
<PAGE>
     Other Federal and State Banking Regulation (Cont'd.)
     ------------------------------------------

authorities.  Government regulations affecting the Trust Company and its
operations include minimum capital requirements, the requirement to
maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the nature and
amount of loans which may be made by the Trust Company and restrictions
relating to investments and other activities.

     New York banks are barred from acting as a fiduciary in a number of
states, and in a number of other states where they may and do act as a
fiduciary, their activities are limited by state law and regulations.

     The Corporation through its ownership of Florida is a savings bank
holding company.  Accordingly, the Corporation and Florida are subject
to regulation and examination by the Office of Thrift Supervision. 
California and Texas are subject to regulation and examination by the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.  New Jersey is subject to
regulation and examination by the Banking Department of the State of New
Jersey.  U.S. Trust Company of the Pacific Northwest is subject to
regulation and examination by the Division of Finance and Corporate
Securities of the State of Oregon.

     The Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act
impose certain restrictions on loans by the bank subsidiaries to the
Corporation and each other.  In addition, the Corporation and its
subsidiaries are subject to restrictions imposed by the Banking Act of
1933 with respect to engaging in certain aspects of the securities
business.


     FIRREA
     ------

     As a result of the enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform,
Recovery and Enforcement Act ("FIRREA") on August 9, 1989, any or all of
the Corporation's subsidiary banks can be held liable for any loss
incurred by, or reasonably expected to be incurred by, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") after August 9, 1989, in
connection with (a) the default of any other of the Corporation's
subsidiary banks or (b) any assistance provided by the FDIC to any other
of the Corporation's subsidiary banks in danger of default.  "Default"
is defined generally as the appointment of a conservator or receiver and
"in danger of default" is defined generally as the existence of certain
conditions indicating that a "default" is likely to occur without
regulatory assistance.




                                   -13-
<PAGE>
     FDICIA
     ------

     The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 
("FDICIA"), which was enacted on December 19, 1991, provides for, among
other things, increased funding for the Bank Insurance Fund (the "BIF")
of the FDIC and expanded regulation of depository institutions and their
affiliates, including parent holding companies.  A summary of certain
provisions of FDICIA and its implementing regulations is provided below.


     Risk Based Deposit Insurance Assessments
     ----------------------------------------

      A significant portion of the additional funding to BIF is in the
form of borrowings to be repaid by insurance premiums assessed on BIF
members.  In addition, FDICIA provides for an increase in the ratio of
the reserves to insured deposits of the BIF to 1.25% by the end of the
15-year period that began with the semi-annual assessment period ending
December 31, 1991, also to be financed by insurance premiums.  Insurance
premiums for a BIF-Insured institution are based on whether the
institution is within the definition of "well capitalized", "adequately
capitalized" or "undercapitalized".  For purposes of the risk-based
assessment system, a well capitalized institution is one that has a
total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or more, a Tier 1 risk-based
capital of 6% or more, and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5% or more.  An
adequately capitalized institution has a total risk-based capital ratio
of 8% or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4% or more, and a
leverage ratio of 4% or more.  An undercapitalized institution is one
that does not meet either of the foregoing definitions.  The actual
assessment rate applicable to a particular institution, therefore,
depends in part upon the risk assessment classification so assigned to
the institution by the FDIC.  At December 31, 1994, each of the
Corporation's banking subsidiaries was classified as "well capitalized"
under these provisions.


     Prompt Corrective Action
     ------------------------

     FDICIA also provides the federal banking agencies with broad powers
to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured
depository institutions, depending upon a particular institution's level
of capital.  FDICIA establishes five tiers of capital measurement
ranging from "well capitalized" to "critically undercapitalized".  A
depository institution may be deemed to be in a capitalization category
that is lower than is indicated by its actual capital position under 



                                   -14-
<PAGE>
     Prompt Corrective Action (Cont'd.)
     ------------------------

certain circumstances.  At December 31, 1994, each depository
institution that is a subsidiary of the Corporation was classified as
"well capitalized" under the prompt corrective actions regulations
described above.

     Any depository institution that is undercapitalized and which fails
to meet regulatory capital requirements specified in FDICIA must submit
a capital restoration plan guaranteed by the bank holding company
controlling such institution, and the regulatory agencies may place
limits on the asset growth and restrict activities of the institution
(including transactions with affiliates), require the institution to
raise additional capital, dispose of subsidiaries or assets or to be
acquired and, ultimately, require the appointment of a receiver.  In
addition to the requirement of mandatory submission of a capital
restoration plan, under FDICIA, an undercapitalized institution may not
pay management fees to any person having control of the institution nor
may an institution, except under certain circumstances and with prior
regulatory approval, make any capital distribution if, after making such
payment or distribution, the institution would be undercapitalized. 
Further, undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to
restrictions on borrowing from the Board of Governors.

     Undercapitalized and significantly undercapitalized depository
institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and
restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become
adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets and
cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks.  In addition,
significantly undercapitalized depository institutions also are
prohibited from awarding bonuses or increasing compensation of senior
executive officers until approval of a capital restoration plan. 
Critically undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to
appointment of a receiver or conservator.


     Brokered Deposits and Pass-Through Deposit Insurance Limitation
     ---------------------------------------------------------------

     Under FDICIA, a depository institution that is well capitalized may
accept brokered deposits and offer interest rates on deposits
"significantly higher" than the prevailing rate in its market.  A
depository institution that is adequately capitalized may accept
brokered deposits if it obtains the prior approval of the FDIC.  An
undercapitalized depository institution may not accept brokered
deposits.  In the Corporation's opinion, these limitations do not have a
material effect on the Corporation.


                                   -15-
<PAGE>
     Safety and Soundness Standards
     ------------------------------

     FDICIA directs each federal banking agency to prescribe safety and
soundness standards for depository institutions and depository
institution holding companies relating to internal controls, information
systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit
underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, a
maximum ratio of classified assets to capital, minimum earnings
sufficient to absorb losses without impairing capital and, to the extent
feasible, a minimum ratio of market value to book value for publicly
traded shares.  Proposed regulations to implement the safety and
soundness standards were issued in November 1993.  The ultimate
cumulative effect of these standards cannot currently be forecast.

     FDICIA also contains a variety of other provisions that may affect
the Corporation's operations, including new reporting requirements,
regulatory standards for real estate lending, "truth in savings"
provisions, and the requirement that a depository institution give
90 days' prior notice to customers and regulatory authorities before
closing any branch.


     Capital Guidelines
     ------------------

     Under the capital guidelines adopted by the Board of Governors, the
minimum ratio of total capital to the risk-adjusted assets (including
certain off-balance sheet items, such as standby letters of credit) of a
bank holding company is 8%.  At least half of the total capital is to be
comprised of common equity, retained earnings, minority interests in the
equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries and a limited amount of
perpetual preferred stock, less goodwill ("Tier 1 capital").  The
remainder may consist of perpetual debt, mandatory convertible debt
securities, a limited amount of subordinated debt, other preferred stock
and a limited amount of loan loss reserves ("Tier 2 capital").  In
addition, the Board of Governors requires a leverage ratio (Tier 1
capital to total assets, net of goodwill) of 3% for bank holding
companies that meet certain specified criteria, including that they have
the highest regulatory rating.  Such rule indicates that the minimum
leverage ratio should be 1% to 2% higher for holding companies
undertaking major expansion programs or that do not have the highest
regulatory rating.  The state chartered and national banking
institutions that are subsidiaries of the Corporation are subject to
similar capital requirements.

     The federal banking agencies continue to indicate their desire to
raise capital requirements applicable to banking organizations, and 


                                   -16-
<PAGE>
     Capital Guidelines (Cont'd.)
     ------------------

recently proposed amendments to their risk-based capital regulations to
provide for the consideration of interest rate risk in the determination
of a bank's minimum capital requirements.  The proposed amendments are
intended to require that banks effectively measure and monitor their
interest rate risk and that they maintain capital adequate for that
risk.  Under the proposed amendments, banks with interest rate risk in
excess of a defined supervisory threshold would be required to maintain
additional capital beyond that generally required.  In addition, the
federal banking agencies recently proposed amendments to their risk-
based capital standards to provide for the concentration of credit risk
and certain risks arising from nontraditional activities, as well as a
bank's ability to manage these risks, as important factors in assessing
a bank's overall capital adequacy.

     As of December 31, 1994, the capital ratios of the Corporation and
of each of its banking subsidiaries are well capitalized.

     Under FIRREA and FDICIA, failure to meet the minimum regulatory
capital requirements could subject a banking institution to a variety of
enforcement remedies available to federal regulatory authorities,
including the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC and seizure
of the institution.

     On September 29, 1994, President Clinton signed into law the
Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 (the
"Interstate Act").  The Interstate Act generally authorizes bank holding
companies to acquire banks located in any state commencing one year
after its enactment.  In addition, it generally authorizes national and
state chartered banks to merge across state lines (and to thereby create
interstate branches) commencing June 1, 1997.  Under the provisions of
the Interstate Act, states are permitted to "opt out" of this latter
interstate branching authority by taking action prior to the
commencement date.  States may also "opt in" early (i.e., prior to
June 1, 1997) to the interstate merger provisions.  Further, the
Interstate Act provides that states may act affirmatively to permit de
novo branching by banking institutions across state lines.











                                   -17-
<PAGE>
Statistical Information
- -----------------------

     The following items set forth certain statistical information
concerning the Corporation.  The page numbers indicated below correspond
to page numbers in the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders filed herewith
as Exhibit 13.  The applicable statistical data presented on those
pages, under the captions specifically cited, are incorporated herein by
reference.


I.   Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders'
     Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential
     -----------------------------------------------------

     A.   Information with respect to the distribution of assets,
liabilities and shareholders' equity is included on pages 44 and 45
under the caption "Three-Year Net Interest Income and Average Balances."

     B.   An analysis of net interest income is shown on pages 44 and 45
under the caption "Three-Year Net Interest Income and Average Balances." 
The amounts of the taxable equivalent adjustments are as follows:
<TABLE>
(In Thousands)                        1994         1993        1992
- --------------                      ------      -------      ------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>         <C>
Investment Securities               $4,630       $5,750      $8,105
                                    ======       ======      ======
Loans                               $   24       $   60      $  132
                                    ======       ======      ======
</TABLE>
Interest on non-accrual and restructured loans has been included in this
analysis only to the extent collected.

     C.   An analysis of rate and volume variances is shown on page 43
under the caption "Analysis of Change in Net Interest Income."


II.  Investment Portfolio
     --------------------

     Information with respect to the composition of the investment
securities portfolio is shown on page 46 under the caption "Securities
(Carrying Amount at Year End)."  The maturity distribution of the year-
end 1994 portfolio is shown on page 46 under the caption "Maturity
Schedule of Securities Based on Amortized Cost at December 31, 1994."




                                   -18-
<PAGE>
III. Loan Portfolio
     --------------

     A.   Information with respect to loan categories is included on
page 29 under the caption "Loans."

     B.   Information on maturities and sensitivity to changes in
interest rates is shown on page 46 under the captions "Maturity Schedule
of Loans at December 31, 1994" and "Interest Sensitivity of Loans at
December 31, 1994."

     C.   Information on risk elements is included on page 29 under the
caption "Loans".


IV.  Summary of Credit Loss Experience
     ---------------------------------

     Information with respect to credit loss experience and a discussion
of the factors considered in determining the amount of the allowance for
credit losses are shown on page 48 under the caption "Summary of Credit
Loss Experience."


V.   Deposits
     --------

     A.   Information with respect to average deposit balances is shown
on page 47 under the caption "Analysis of Average Daily Deposits."

     B.   Information on time certificates of deposit is shown on page
47 under the caption "Maturity Distribution of Interest Bearing Deposits
in Amounts of $100,000 or more at December 31, 1994."

     C.   Information on savings deposits is shown on page 47 under the
caption "Maturity Distribution of Time Deposits in Amounts of $100,000
or more at December 31, 1994."


VI.  Return on Equity and Assets
     ---------------------------

     Information with respect to return on equity and assets is shown on
page 5 under the caption "Selected Financial Data."






                                   -19-
<PAGE>
VII. Short-Term Borrowings
     ---------------------

     Information with respect to short-term borrowings is shown on page
31 under the caption "Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under
Agreements to Repurchase and Other Borrowings."


Item 2.     Properties
- -------     ----------

     The Trust Company rents approximately 1,179,000 square feet of
office space in New York City, of which approximately 432,000 square
feet are sublet to various sub-tenants.  The Trust Company and certain
subsidiaries occupy approximately 60% (378,000 square feet) of a 25-
story bank and office building at 114 West 47th Street (the Trust
Company's statutory principal office) under a lease expiring in 2014. 
Certain of the Trust Company's departments occupy approximately 335,000
square feet of space at 770 Broadway under a lease expiring in 2005. 
The Trust Company owns a 5-story building at 9-11 West 54th Street and
leases adjoining property for the operation of a branch office.  The
Trust Company also operates branch offices in leased premises at 100
Park Avenue and 111 Broadway.

     Certain subsidiaries of the Corporation occupy leased office space
in New York City; Costa Mesa, California; Los Angeles, California;
Stamford, Connecticut; Washington, D.C.; Boca Raton, Florida; Naples,
Florida; Palm Beach, Florida; Boston, Massachusetts; Princeton, New
Jersey; Portland, Oregon, and Dallas, Texas.

     At the closing for the pending Disposition and Merger Transaction,
approximately 75% of the leased office space at 770 Broadway will be
sublet to Chase under a sublease agreement expiring in 2000 and the
obligation for all of the leased office space in Boston, Massachusetts
will be assumed by Chase.


Item 3.     Legal Proceedings
- -------     -----------------

     Various actions and claims are pending or are threatened against
the Trust Company or the Corporation in which liability has been denied
and which will be vigorously contested.  Included among these are the
following cases:

     On December 1, 1994, a complaint was filed against the Trust
Company in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of
New York, entitled "Ithaca Partners, L.P. and Gabriel Capital, L.P. v.
United States Trust Company."  The Trust Company is Trustee under an

                                   -20-
<PAGE>
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings (Cont'd.)
- -------     -----------------

Indenture dated October 1, 1988 (the "Indenture") under which Linter 
Textiles Corporation Limited ("Linter Textiles") issued $200 million in
principal amount of Senior Subordinated Debentures (the "Debentures"). 
Linter Textiles, a corporation organized under the laws of Australia,
was a holding company for various operating subsidiaries (the "Linter
Subsidiaries") and was also a subsidiary of Linter Group Limited
("Linter Group").  Linter Group, Linter Textiles and the Linter
Subsidiaries are being liquidated under Australian law; however, based
on the parties' contractual priorities, the proceeds of the liquidation
will be insufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of the
Debentures.  The plaintiffs are two limited partners who claim to have
purchased $97.43 million in principal amount of the Debentures. 
Plaintiffs allege that the Debentures were issued pursuant to a
fraudulent prospectus which failed to disclose Linter Textiles'
intention to incur $323 million (Australian) in senior indebtedness
through guaranties of indebtedness of Linter Group and to cause the
Linter Subsidiaries to guaranty the senior indebtedness.  The complaint
asserts that covenants in the Indenture were breached in connection with
the execution of those guaranties and the guaranties of the Debentures
delivered by the Linter Subsidiaries to the Trust Company in connection
therewith and asserts causes of action for breach of contract and breach
of fiduciary duty based on the Trust Company failing to take action
itself or to advise holders of the Debentures that Linter Textiles and
the Linter Subsidiaries were incurring substantial indebtedness on
behalf of the Linter Group.  The complaint seeks unspecified damages
measured by the amount of the diminution from the face value of the
Debentures suffered as a result of the existence of the guaranties of
senior indebtedness, plus interest and plaintiff's expenses incurred in
connection with the liquidation proceedings in Australia.

     In July 1990, an action captioned "Official Committee of Unsecured
Creditors of Fulfillment Associates, Inc. v. Louis Freedman et al. v.
United States Trust Company of New York" was brought in the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of New York.  The
complaint was filed by the Creditors Committee of Fulfillment
Associates, Inc. (the "CCFA") against stockholders of CCFA who sold
their shares in a leveraged buyout financed by the Trust Company.  The
complaint seeks damages in excess of $500,000 and alleges a fraudulent
transfer in the granting of liens to the Trust Company on the assets of
CCFA, abuse of fiduciary duty by the stockholders and breach of
employment agreements entered into by the stockholders with CCFA.  The
stockholders have filed a third-party complaint against the Trust
Company in an unspecified amount seeking indemnification or contribution
for all amounts for which the stockholders may be held liable to CCFA. 
The Trust Company's motion to dismiss the third-party complaint is
pending before the Bankruptcy Court.

                                   -21-
<PAGE>
Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
- -------    ---------------------------------------------------

     None


                                 PART II
                                 -------


Item 5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related
- -------    Stockholder Matters
           ----------------------------------------------------

      The information required under this item is incorporated herein by
reference from page 47 of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders filed
herewith as Exhibit 13.


Item 6.    Selected Financial Data
- -------    -----------------------

      The information required under this item is incorporated herein by
reference from page 5 of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders filed
herewith as Exhibit 13.


Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
- -------    Condition and Results of Operations
           ------------------------------------------------- 

      The information required under this item is incorporated herein by
reference from pages 6 through 19 of the 1994 Annual Report to
Shareholders filed herewith as Exhibit 13.  In addition, the following
information is added, under the indicated heading.

Income Taxes
- ------------

      The Corporation had deferred tax assets of $44.3 million at
December 31, 1994.  The Corporation has sufficient Federal income tax
carryback potential to realize the entire Federal income tax portion of
its deferred tax assets.  The state and local income tax portion of the
Corporation's deferred tax assets is theoretically realizable based upon
the taxable income that is expected to be generated in the current year
for state and local purposes from the Corporation's ongoing operations.




                                   -22-
<PAGE>
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
- -------    -------------------------------------------

      The information required under this item is incorporated herein by
reference from pages 20 through 42 of the 1994 Annual Report to
Shareholders filed herewith as Exhibit 13.


Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
- -------    Accounting and Financial Disclosure
           ------------------------------------------------

      None



                                 PART III
                                 --------


Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
- --------    --------------------------------------------------

Directors
- ---------

     The Corporation's Board consists of 22 persons, each of whom has
been elected for a term expiring at the annual meeting of the
Corporation's stockholders indicated below, and until his or her
successor shall have been elected and qualified.  The following table
sets forth information concerning these individuals.
<TABLE>
                                                         Term Expires at
        Name                             Age           Annual Meeting in
        ----                             ---           -----------------
<S>                                       <C>                 <C>
Eleanor Baum                              54                  1996
Samuel C. Butler                          64                  1998
Peter O. Crisp                            62                  1997
Daniel P. Davison                         70                  1997
Philippe de Montebello                    58                  1996
Paul W. Douglas                           68                  1998
Edwin D. Etherington                      70                  1996
Antonia M. Grumbach                       51                  1997
Frederic C. Hamilton                      67                  1997
Peter L. Malkin                           61                  1997
Jeffrey S. Maurer                         47                  1997
Orson D. Munn                             70                  1998
Donald M. Roberts                         59                  1996

                                   -23-
<PAGE>
Directors (Cont'd.)
- ---------

                                                         Term Expires at
        Name                             Age           Annual Meeting in
        ----                             ---           -----------------

H. Marshall Schwarz                       58                  1998
Philip L. Smith                           61                  1998
John Hoyt Stookey                         65                  1996
Frederick B. Taylor                       53                  1996
Richard F. Tucker                         68                  1997
Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr.                69                  1998
Robert N. Wilson                          54                  1996
Frederick S. Wonham                       63                  1996
Ruth A. Wooden                            48                  1998
</TABLE>
     Eleanor Baum became dean of engineering at Cooper Union in 1987. 
Prior to that, she was dean at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn and worked as
an electrical engineer in the aerospace industry.  Dr. Baum is also a
director of Allegheny Power Systems and Avnet, Inc.  She is president-
elect of the American Society for Engineering Education and serves on
the Board of Governors of the New York Academy of Sciences.  She is a
trustee of the Accreditation Board for Engineering & Technology, is a
commissioner of the Engineering Workforce Commission, and an advisory
board member at Duke University, Rice University and the U.S. Merchant
Marine Academy.  She is executive director of the Cooper Union Research
Foundation and a fellow of the Institute of Electrical & Electronic
Engineers.

     Samuel C. Butler joined the law firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore in
1956 and was elected a partner of the firm in 1960.  He is also a
director of Ashland Inc., Millipore Corporation and GEICO Corporation. 
Mr. Butler is a trustee of the New York Public Library and of the Culver
Educational Foundation.

     Peter O. Crisp has been general partner of Venrock Associates since
1969.  He is also a director of Apple Computer, Inc., American
Superconductor Corporation, Evans & Sutherland Computer Corp., Long
Island Lighting Company, Inc., Thermedics Inc., Thermo Electron Corp.,
Thermo Power Corporation and ThermoTrex Corp.  Mr. Crisp serves as a
member of the Board of Managers of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer
Center, Memorial Hospital for Cancer and Allied Diseases and Sloan-
Kettering Institute for Cancer Research.  He is a trustee of North Shore
University Hospital and of the Teagle Foundation.

     Daniel P. Davison was chairman of the board of Christie, Manson &
Woods International, Inc. from February 1990 to January 1, 1994.  He 


                                   -24-
<PAGE>
Directors (Cont'd.)
- ---------

served as president of the Corporation and the Trust Company from the
spring of 1979 until June 1, 1986, as chief executive officer from
January 1, 1981 through January 1990 and as chairman of the board from
February 1, 1982 until his retirement in February 1990.  Prior to
joining the Corporation, he was associated with Morgan Guaranty Trust
Company for 23 years, serving as corporate secretary, general manager of
its London office and, in his final position, as executive vice
president in charge of the National Bank Division.  Mr. Davison is also
a director of The Atlantic Companies, Burlington Northern, Inc.,
Christies International, plc and Prime Property Inc.  He is a trustee
and treasurer of the Florence Gould Foundation.  Mr. Davison is also
vice chairman and governor of The Nature Conservancy and trustee of the
Waterfowl Foundation.

     Philippe de Montebello has been associated with the Metropolitan
Museum of Art since 1963, serving as associate curator for European
paintings from 1963 to 1969, vice director for curatorial and
educational affairs from 1974 to 1977 and as director since 1978.  In
the interim of his duties at the Metropolitan, Mr. de Montebello served
as director of the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston from 1969 to 1974.  He
is a member of the Advisory Board of the Skowhegan School of Painting
and Sculpture and the Columbia University Advisory Council-Departments
of Art History and Archaeology.  Mr. de Montebello is a trustee of the
New York University Institute of Fine Arts and the American Federation
of Arts.

     Paul W. Douglas retired as chairman of the board and chief
executive officer of The Pittston Company in September 1991.  Prior to
joining Pittston in January 1984, he had been associated with Freeport-
McMoRan Inc. following the merger of Freeport Minerals Company and
McMoRan Oil and Gas Company in April 1981.  Formerly, he was director of
the internal finance section of the ECA Mission to France.  Mr. Douglas
is also a director of Holmes Protection Group, Inc., MacMillan Bloedel
Limited of Vancouver, B.C., New York Life Insurance Company, Phelps
Dodge Corporation, Philip Morris Companies, Inc. and South American Gold
and Copper Co.  He is a member of The Council on Foreign Relations, Inc.
and a trustee of The International Center for the Disabled and of St.
Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital.

     Edwin D. Etherington was president and chief executive officer of
the American Stock Exchange from 1962 to 1966 and president of Wesleyan
University from 1966 to 1970.  Earlier, after practicing law in
Washington, D.C. and New York City, he was vice president of the New
York Stock Exchange and, subsequently, a general partner of Pershing & 



                                   -25-
<PAGE>
Directors (Cont'd.)
- ---------

Co.  Mr. Etherington was president (1971) and chairman (1972) of the
National Center for Voluntary Action and for two years was chairman of
the National Advertising Review Board.  He is a director of Automatic
Data Processing, Inc. and a trustee of The Schumann Foundation.  He also
serves as honorary chairman of the Lymes' Youth Service Bureau and of
the Hobe Sound Child Care Center.

     Antonia M. Grumbach joined the law firm of Patterson, Belknap, Webb
& Tyler in 1971 and became a partner of the firm in 1979.  She is
currently serving as managing partner of the firm.  She is vice chairman
of the board of trustees of Teachers College-Columbia University, and a
trustee of Milton Academy, the CUNY Graduate Center Foundation, the
William T. Grant Foundation and The Henfield Foundation.  Ms. Grumbach
also served as an initial member of the Board of Advisors of the New
York University program on philanthropy and the law.

     Frederic C. Hamilton serves as chairman of the board, president and
chief executive officer of Hamilton Oil Company, Inc., chairman of the
board of BHP Petroleum, and chairman of the board of Tejas Gas
Corporation.  He is also a director of the American Petroleum Institute
and a member of the National Petroleum Council.  Mr. Hamilton is
chairman of the Denver Art Museum Foundation and of the Denver Art
Museum, and a trustee of the Boys' Club Foundation and the Boy Scouts of
America Denver Area Council.

     Peter L. Malkin joined the predecessor law firm of Wien, Malkin &
Bettex in 1958 and became a partner in the firm in 1962.  He is also
chairman of W & M Properties, Inc. and is a general partner in the
ownership of several New York City buildings, including the Empire State
Building, the Graybar Building, the Lincoln Building, 1185 Avenue of the
Americas, and One Penn Plaza.  Mr. Malkin is founding chairman of the
Grand Central Partnership and of the 34th Street Partnership, a director
of the New York City Chamber of Commerce & Industry, a member of the New
York City Partnership, a member of the Board of Overseers of Harvard
College and a director and member of the Executive Committee of Lincoln
Center for the Performing Arts.

     Jeffrey S. Maurer joined the Trust Company in 1970 and was made
manager of the Asset Management and Private Banking Group in 1988.  He
was elected senior vice president in November 1980, executive vice
president in May 1986 and president effective February 1990, and was
designated chief operating officer in December of 1994.  Mr. Maurer is a
trustee of Alfred University, a director and treasurer of The Children's
Health Fund, a director of The Hebrew Home for the Aged, a member of the
Advisory Board of The Salvation Army of Greater New York and chairman of 


                                   -26-
<PAGE>
Directors (Cont'd.)
- ---------

the Commerce and Industry Division of the Greater New York Israel Bond
Campaign.

     Orson D. Munn was senior vice president and chief investment
officer of Madison Fund, Inc. from May 1981 through February 1983 and
was president of Orson Munn, Inc. from February 1983 until the
organization of Munn, Bernhard & Associates, Inc. in November 1990. 
Previously, he was president of Piedmont Advisory Corporation and, upon
its merger in 1980 with Lexington Management Corporation, performed the
duties of vice chairman and chief investment officer.  Earlier, Mr. Munn
was associated with Wood Walker & Co. for 20 years, serving as chief
executive officer of the company from 1972 to 1974.  Mr. Munn is a
trustee of the Waterfowl Research Foundation and is a former member of
the Financial Advisory Committee of the Garden Club of America, a former
trustee of the Village of Southampton and a former director of numerous
charities.

     Donald M. Roberts was elected treasurer of the Corporation in
January 1989 and vice chairman effective February 1, 1990.  He is head
of the Trust Company's Institutional Services Group.  Prior to joining
the Trust Company in 1979, he was associated with Citibank for 22 years
serving as senior vice president from 1974 to 1979.  Mr. Roberts is also
a director of York International Corporation, Burlington Resources, Inc.
and the New York Road Runners Club, Inc.  He is president of the Board
of Trustees of St. Bernard's School, and a member of The Bridge Fund
Advisory Board.

     H. Marshall Schwarz joined the Trust Company in 1967 after a seven-
year association with Morgan Stanley & Co.  In 1972, he was elected a
senior vice president and head of the Banking Division.  He was elected
executive vice president and chief operating officer of the Trust
Company's Bank Group in 1977 and chief operating officer of the Asset
Management Group in 1979.  Mr. Schwarz served as president of the
Corporation and the Trust Company from June 1986 through January 1990
and became chairman and chief executive officer effective February 1,
1990.  He is also a director of Atlantic Mutual Companies and Bowne &
Co., Inc.  Mr. Schwarz is chairman of the board of the American Red
Cross in Greater New York and a director of the United Way of New York
City.  He is a trustee of Teachers College-Columbia University, Milton
Academy, the Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation, Inc. and The Boys'
Club of New York.

     Philip L. Smith has been chairman of the board and director of the
Golden Cat Corporation since November 1990.  He was chairman of the
board, president and chief executive officer of The Pillsbury Company 


                                   -27-
<PAGE>
Directors (Cont'd.)
- ---------

from August 1988 through January 1989.  Formerly, he had been associated
with General Foods Corporation for over 20 years, serving in his final
position as chairman of General Foods and director of Philip Morris
Companies, Inc.  Mr. Smith is also a director of Whirlpool Corporation
and Ecolab Corporation.

     John Hoyt Stookey served as president of Quantum Chemical from 1975
to 1993 when Quantum was acquired by Hanson Industries, Inc.  He
continues as chairman of the board of Quantum, a position he has held
since 1986.  As Chairman of Quantum, Mr. Stookey served from 1989 to
1993 as an executive officer of Petrolane Incorporated, Petrolane
Finance Corp. and QJV Corp., affiliates of Quantum, which companies were
reorganized on July 15, 1993 under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.  Prior to
joining Quantum, Mr. Stookey was president of Wallace Clark Incorporated
from 1969 to 1975 and served as the U.S. Representative to both private
and public banks in Mexico.  He is also a director of Cypress AMAX
Minerals Co., ACX Technologies and Chesapeake Corporation.  Mr. Stookey
is the founder and president of The Berkshire Choral Institute and of
Landmark Volunteers, and trustee of the Glimmerglass Opera, Berkshire
School, The Clark Foundation and The Robert Sterling Clark Foundation.

     Frederick B. Taylor joined the Trust Company in 1966.  In 1980, he
was elected a senior vice president and, in 1986, he was elected an
executive vice president of the Corporation and chairman, Investment
Policy of the Trust Company.  Mr. Taylor was elected vice chairman and
chief investment officer effective February 1990.  He is a member of the
New York Society of Security Analysts and the Association for Investment
Management and Research.  Mr. Taylor serves on the board of counselors
of White Plains Hospital and on the senior advisory board of the New
York Chapter of the Arthritis Foundation.

     Richard F. Tucker joined Mobil Corporation in 1961 and retired as
vice chairman in May 1991.  He was a director of Mobil from 1971, and
president and chief operating officer of Mobil Oil Corporation from 1986
until his retirement.  Mr. Tucker is also a director of The Perkin-Elmer
Corporation.  He is trustee emeritus of Cornell University and a life
member of the Board of Overseers of Cornell Medical College.  He is also
a trustee of the Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art, The Teagle
Foundation and the Norwalk Hospital.  Mr. Tucker is a member of the
National Academy of Engineering, The Council on Foreign Relations, Inc.
and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.

     Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr. joined the law firm of Milbank, Tweed,
Hadley & McCloy in 1952.  After serving as assistant counsel to the
Governor of New York from 1959 through 1960, he returned to the firm, 


                                   -28-
<PAGE>
Directors (Cont'd.)
- ---------

becoming a partner in 1963, a senior partner in 1986 and a consulting
partner in 1991.  Mr. Wainwright is a trustee of the American Museum of
Natural History, trustee and vice chairman of The Cooper Union for the
Advancement of Science and Art and trustee and former president of The
Boys' Club of New York.  He is also an adjunct professor at Washington
and Lee University Law School, a trustee of the Edward John Noble
Foundation, and member of the Distribution Committee of The New York
Community Trust.

     Robert N. Wilson joined Johnson & Johnson in 1964.  He was
appointed to the Executive Committee in 1983 and was elected to the
board of directors in 1986.  Mr. Wilson has been vice chairman of the
board of directors of Johnson & Johnson since 1989.  He is a member of
the Board of Directors of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers
Association, of the Alliance for Aging Research and The Georgetown
College Foundation, Inc.  He also serves as a trustee of the Museum of
American Folk Art and is a member of the Trilateral Commission.  He is a
director of The James Breck Foundation in London, England.

     Frederick S. Wonham joined the Trust Company in 1979 as a senior
vice president, and was head of the Personal Asset Management Division
until 1982, when he was elected executive vice president and appointed
manager of the Planning, Administration and Computer Services Group.  He
was elected vice chairman effective February 1990 and is head of the
Funds Services Group.  Between 1974 and 1978, Mr. Wonham was associated
with White Weld and Co., Incorporated serving as president and chief
operating officer from 1975 through 1978.  Earlier, he was associated
with G.H. Walker & Co., Incorporated for 19 years, serving as president
and chief executive officer from 1971 to 1974.  Mr. Wonham is a trustee
of the Provident Loan Society.

     Ruth A. Wooden became president and chief executive officer of The
Advertising Council in August 1987.  Prior to joining The Advertising
Council, she was employed with NW Ayer, Inc. for eleven years. 
Ms. Wooden serves as a trustee of The Edna McConnell Clark Foundation
and of St. Luke's Roosevelt Hospital Center.  She is vice chair of CARE,
USA and an advisor to the Columbia Health Sciences Advisory Council and
the Columbia University School of Public Health Advisory Council.









                                   -29-
<PAGE>
Executive Officers
- ------------------
<TABLE>
        Name              Age      Business Experience
        ----              ---      -------------------
<S>                        <C>     <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz        58      Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                   Executive Officer (since February
                                   1990) of the Corporation and of the
                                   Trust Company.

Jeffrey S. Maurer          47      President (since February 1990) and
                                   Chief Operating Officer (since
                                   December 1994) of the Corporation and
                                   of the Trust Company.

Donald M. Roberts          59      Vice Chairman (since February 1990)
                                   and Treasurer (from prior to March
                                   1990) of the Corporation and of the
                                   Trust Company.

Frederick B. Taylor        53      Vice Chairman and Chief Investment
                                   Officer (since February 1990) of the
                                   Corporation and of the Trust Company.

Frederick S. Wonham        63      Vice Chairman (since February 1990)
                                   of the Corporation and of the Trust
                                   Company.
</TABLE>

Item 11.    Executive Compensation
- --------    ----------------------

Compensation of Directors
- -------------------------

     Each director of the Corporation who is not also an officer of the
Corporation or of the Trust Company receives an annual retainer fee of
$15,000 and an attendance fee of $1,000 for each meeting attended of the
Corporation Board, of the Board of Trustees, and of the committees of
the respective Boards, other than those mentioned in the following
paragraph, in which cases no attendance fee is applicable.  If the
Boards or the Executive Committee of the Corporation and the Trust
Company meet on the same day, only one fee will be paid to a director-
trustee for attendance at both meetings.  Under the Stock Plan for Non-
Officer Directors, each director of the Corporation who is not also an
officer of the Corporation or of the Trust Company receives 100 Shares
of Corporation Common Stock each February as an additional part of his
or her annual retainer fee.

                                   -30-
<PAGE>
Compensation of Directors (Cont'd.)
- -------------------------

     The Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an annual retainer of
$12,500 and each member of such committee receives an annual retainer of
$10,000.  The Chairman of the Compensation Committee receives an annual
retainer of $10,000 and each member of such committee receives an annual
retainer of $7,000.  All directors and trustees are reimbursed for
travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in attending
board or committee meetings.

     Directors who are not also officers of the Corporation or of the
Trust Company may defer cash compensation (including meeting attendance
fees) for services rendered as directors of the Corporation or as
trustees of the Trust Company or as members of any Corporation or Trust
Company Board committee.  Under the Board Members' Deferred Compensation
Plan certain provisions applicable to amounts so deferred are identical
to provisions applicable to deferred performance share unit awards under
the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation.  These
include provisions relating to (i) conversion of the deferred amounts
into phantom share units or allocation of such amounts to interest-
bearing accounts, (ii) crediting of dividend equivalents or earnings to
such deferred amounts, and (iii) the form and time of distributions with
respect to such deferred amounts.  See "Executive Compensation Plans -
Other Features of Stock Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans -
Performance Share Units."

     Directors who are not also officers of the Corporation or of the
Trust Company who retire from the Corporation Board at age 72 with 10 or
more years of service on any of the Boards of the Corporation or the
Trust Company will be paid an annual retirement benefit for life equal
to the annual retainer received as a member of such Boards in his or her
last full year of membership on such Boards.  Directors with less than
10 years of service who retire at age 72 and directors with 15 or more
years of service who retire prior to age 72 will be paid the same annual
benefit for the lesser of the number of years he or she served on such
Boards or his or her lifetime.

     Under the Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of U.S.
Trust Corporation (the "Directors Plan"), a maximum of 125,000 Common
Shares of the Corporation are reserved for grants of options to members
of the Board of Directors who are not full-time employees of the
Corporation, the Trust Company or any of their affiliated companies, who
have not been such full-time employees for the previous two years and
who have never been members of the Board of Directors while being
employed full-time by the Corporation, the Trust Company or any of their
affiliated companies (the "Non-Employee Directors").  Each person who
either was a Non-Employee Director at the time of the adoption of the 


                                   -31-
<PAGE>
Compensation of Directors (Cont'd.)
- -------------------------

Directors Plan in April 1989 or who subsequently became a Non-Employee
Director has been granted an option to purchase 5,000 Common Shares. 
Each person who hereafter becomes a Non-Employee Director will be
granted an option, effective on the date of becoming a Non-Employee
Director, to purchase 5,000 Common Shares, subject to reduction in the
event of an insufficiency of available shares under the Directors Plan.

     Options granted under the Directors Plan are granted for a period
of ten years.  The exercise price per share is the fair market value, as
defined in the Directors Plan, of a Common Share on the date of grant. 
Each option becomes exercisable in three equal, cumulative installments
on each of the first three anniversary dates of the date the option was
granted.  Except in the event of a "change in control" of the
Corporation, as defined in the Directors Plan, full payment of the
exercise price for shares subject to an option must be made in cash at
the time of exercise.

     In the event of a change in control of the Corporation, all options
under the Directors Plan will be accelerated and become fully
exercisable, and optionees will be permitted to pay the exercise price
in cash, or in Common Shares of the Corporation valued at their then
fair market value, or a combination of cash and Common Shares.  In
addition, all options that were granted at least six months prior to the
date of such change in control will be cancelled in return for a cash
payment equal to the excess of the aggregate Determined Value (as
defined in the Directors Plan) of the Common Shares subject to the
option over the aggregate option exercise price of such Common Shares. 
The Board of Directors may direct that any of the foregoing change in
control provisions not become effective by adopting a resolution to such
effect prior to the date of a change in control (or not later than 45
days thereafter in certain circumstances).


Compensation of Executive Officers
- ----------------------------------

     The following table sets forth certain information concerning the
compensation paid during 1994, 1993 and 1992 to the Corporation's Chief
Executive Officer and the four other most highly compensated executive
officers (during 1994) (the "Named Executive Officers") for services
rendered in all capacities to the Corporation and to the Trust Company
and their affiliates, based on salary and bonus earned during 1994.





                                   -32-
<PAGE>
Summary Compensation Table
- --------------------------
<TABLE>
                                       Annual                               Long-Term Compensation
                                       Compensation                         --------------------------------
                                       ---------------------------------    Awards                  Payouts
                                                                 Other      --------------------   ---------
                                                                 Annual     Restricted    Stock    Long-Term  All Other
                                                                 Compen-    Stock         Option   Incentive  Compen-
Name and Principal                     Salary      Bonus         sation     Awards        Awards   Payouts    sation
Position                      Year     ($)         ($)           ($)        (#)           (#)      ($)        ($)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                           <C>      <C>         <C>               <C>          <C>    <C>        <C>          <C>   
H.M. Schwarz                  1994     547,308     257,635           0            0      15,000     465,099      33,177
  Chairman, CEO               1993     517,308     304,135           0            0      10,000     545,015      89,641
                              1992     485,192     305,740           0            0           0     221,688      28,451

J.S. Maurer                   1994     401,539     169,923           0            0      10,000     316,316      23,913
  President, COO              1993     381,538     205,923           0            0       6,000     370,669      61,175
                              1992     359,423     212,029           0            0      15,000     150,617      20,737

F.B. Taylor                   1994     371,539     151,423           0        3,500       9,000     262,554      21,428
  Vice Chairman,              1993     351,539     187,423           0            0       5,000     307,670      48,860
  Chief Investment            1992     329,423     183,529           0            0      12,000     126,057      18,527
  Officer

D.M. Roberts                  1994     337,769     133,112           0            0       5,000     258,387      56,941
  Vice Chairman,              1993     327,769     153,612           0            0       5,000     302,785     455,892
  Treasurer                   1992     316,923     159,154           0            0           0     126,057      44,726

F.S. Wonham                   1994     337,769     133,112           0            0       5,000     258,387      30,224
  Vice Chairman               1993     327,769     153,612           0            0       5,000     302,785     162,723
                              1992     316,923     159,154           0            0           0     126,057      25,462
</TABLE>
     The following table lists for each of the Named Executive Officers
the payments that comprise the "All Other Compensation" amounts found in
the Summary Compensation Table.













                                   -33-
<PAGE>
All Other Compensation
- ----------------------
<TABLE>
                                        Employer          Supplemental       Earnings on
                                        Contribution      ESOP               Deferred
                                        to ESOP(1)        Amount (2)         Awards (3)       Total (4)
Name                     Year           ($)               ($)                ($)              ($)      
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>              <C>              <C>                  <C>             <C>
H.M.  Schwarz            1994             7,500            19,865               5,812           33,177 
J.S.  Maurer             1994             7,500            12,577               3,836           23,913 
F.B.  Taylor             1994             7,500            11,077               2,851           21,428 
D.M.  Roberts            1994             7,500             9,388              40,053           56,941 
F.S.  Wonham             1994             7,500             9,388              13,336           30,224 

(1)  Represents the amount of the employer contribution made to the ESOP portion of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on behalf
     of each of the Named Executive Officers for the year indicated.

(2)  Represents the amount of the employer contribution, otherwise required under the ESOP portion of the 401(k) Plan
     and ESOP, that could not be made to the Plan on behalf of the Named Executive Officers for 1994 due to certain
     limitations imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code Limitations").  This amount is credited
     to the officer's account under the Corporation's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, and payment is deferred
     until termination of the officer's employment.  See "Executive Compensation Plans - Executive Deferred Compensation
     Plan" below for a description of the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.

(3)  Represents that portion of the interest accrued on certain previously deferred incentive plan cash awards which is
     "above market" interest as defined in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
</TABLE>

Stock Options
- -------------

     The following table sets forth certain information concerning
options granted during 1994 to the Named Executive Officers, including
potential gains that these officers would realize under two stock price
growth-rate assumptions compounded annually.  Under the 5% growth-rate
assumption, the indicated values would be realized if the stock price
reached $83.48 per share at the end of the option term (10 years from
grant).  Correspondingly, under the 10% growth-rate assumption, the
indicated values would be realized if the stock price reached $132.93
per share.









                                   -34-
<PAGE>
Option Grants in 1994
- ---------------------
<TABLE>
                       Individual Grants
                       ---------------------------------------------------------         --------------------------
                       Number of      % of Total                                         Potential Realizable Value
                       Securities     Options         Exercise Price                     at Assumed Annual Rates of
                       Underlying     Granted to      per Share                          Stock Price Appreciation
                       Options        Employees       (Market Price                      for Options Term (1)
                       Granted(2)     in              at Date of      Expiration         --------------------------
Name                  (# of Shares)   Fiscal Year     Grant) ($)      Date                  5%($)            10%($)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>                   <C>            <C>
H.M.  Schwarz          15,000         7.7             51.25           01/25/04              483,450        1,225,200
J.S.  Maurer           10,000         5.1             51.25           01/25/04              322,300          816,800
F.B.  Taylor            9,000         4.6             51.25           01/25/04              290,070          735,120
D.M.  Roberts           5,000         2.6             51.25           01/25/04              161,150          408,400
F.S.  Wonham            5,000         2.6             51.25           01/25/04              161,150          408,400

(1)  Annual growth-rate assumptions are prescribed by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and do not reflect
     actual or projected price appreciation of U.S. Trust Corporation Common Stock.  The actual average annual price
     appreciation of U.S. Trust Common Stock over the last ten years was 13.71%.

(2)  Options become exercisable in four equal, cumulative installments in each of the first through fourth anniversary
     dates of the date of grant (January 25, 1994).
</TABLE>

     The following table discloses the aggregated stock option exercises
for each of the Named Executive Officers in the last fiscal year.  It
also shows the number of vested and unvested unexercised options and the
value of vested and unvested unexercised in-the-money options.

Aggregated Option Exercises in 1994 and Year-End Option Values
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
                                                              Number of Securities           Value of Unexercised
                                                              Underlying Unexercised         In-the-Money Options
                          Shares                              Options at Year-End (#)        at Year-End ($)(2)
                        Acquired on          Value            -------------------------      -------------------------
Name                    Exercise(#)      Realized ($)(1)      Exercisable/Unexercisable      Exercisable/Unexercisable
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>              <C>                    <C>                          <C>                    
H.M.  Schwarz             5,500            176,875.00             58,500/35,000                1,585,050/594,025
J.S.  Maurer              2,300             81,075.00             39,450/31,250                1,055,692/556,352
F.B.  Taylor              2,550             89,887.50             30,950/25,500                  814,850/432,637
D.M.  Roberts             3,400            129,304.00             25,500/15,500                  727,462/281,137
F.S.  Wonham              1,500             48,000.00             20,000/15,500                  540,837/281,137

(1)  Aggregate market value on the date(s) of exercise less aggregate exercise price.

(2)  Total value of unexercised options is based on the difference between aggregate market value of U.S. Trust
     Corporation Common Stock at $63.50 per share, the closing price on December 30, 1994, and aggregate exercise price.
</TABLE>

                                   -35-
<PAGE>
Performance Share Units
- -----------------------

     The following table sets forth certain information concerning long-
term incentive awards granted during 1994 to the Named Executive
Officers.  The awards are granted in the form of performance share units
under the Corporation's 1989 Stock Compensation Plan.  See" Executive
Compensation Plans - Other Features of Stock Plan and Predecessor
Performance Plans" below for a further description of these awards.
<TABLE>
Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted In 1994
- ------------------------------------------

                           Number of          Performance        Estimated Future Payouts of Performance Share Units
                           Performance        Period Until      -----------------------------------------------------
Name                       Share Units(#)     Payout            Threshold (#)(1)     Target (#)(2)     Maximum (#)(2)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>                <C>                <C>                  <C>              <C>           
H.M.  Schwarz              6,042              3 years            3,021                6,042            6,042
J.S.  Maurer               4,076              3 years            2,038                4,076            4,076
F.B.  Taylor               3,420              3 years            1,710                3,420            3,420
D.M.  Roberts              3,154              3 years            1,577                3,154            3,154
F.S.  Wonham               3,154              3 years            1,577                3,154            3,154

(1)  Assumes minimum number of performance share units earned in each performance goal for 1994-96 performance cycle.

(2)  Assumes all specified performance targets are reached.
</TABLE>

Executive Compensation Plans
- ----------------------------

     Set out below is a description of the principal employee benefit
and compensation plans of the Corporation.


Retirement Benefits
- -------------------

     Each of the Named Executive Officers is a participant in the
Employees' Retirement Plan of United States Trust Company of New York
and Affiliated Companies (the "Retirement Plan").  The Retirement Plan
is a defined benefit pension plan which is tax-qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code.  The Retirement Plan provides for payment of
a pension in an annual amount equal to a specified percentage (based on
the length of a participant's credited service up to a maximum of
35 years) of the participant's average base salary for his highest five
consecutive years of base salary during the last ten plan years prior to
retirement or other termination of employment, reduced by a portion of 

                                   -36-
<PAGE>
Retirement Benefits (Cont'd.)
- -------------------

the participant's annual Social Security benefit.  The table below shows
the estimated annual pension payable under the Retirement Plan's benefit
formula upon retirement at age 65 to persons in specified remuneration
and years-of-service classifications who have elected to receive their
pensions under a straight life annuity option.  The amounts shown do not
reflect reductions which would be made to offset Social Security
benefits.
<TABLE>
Highest Consecutive                               Estimated Annual Pension for Representative
Five-Year                                         Years of Credited Service
Average Base Salary                               15                25              35 or More
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>               <C>               <C>
$300,000                                          $101,250          $150,000          $180,000
 350,000                                           118,125           175,000           210,000
 400,000                                           135,000           200,000           240,000
 450,000                                           151,875           225,000           270,000
 500,000                                           168,750           250,000           300,000
 550,000                                           185,625           275,000           330,000
 600,000                                           202,500           300,000           360,000
</TABLE>
     The table below sets forth the number of years of credited service
and the average base salary, in each case as of the end of 1994, that
would be taken into account in determining the pension payable under the
Retirement Plan's benefit formula to each of the Named Executive
Officers.
<TABLE>
                                                                                          Average
                                                                      Years               Base
Name                                                                  of Service          Salary
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>                 <C>     
H.M. Schwarz                                                          27.9                $496,000
J.S.  Maurer                                                          24                   366,000
F.B.  Taylor                                                          28.6                 337,000
D.M.  Roberts                                                         15                   342,000
F.S.  Wonham                                                          15.5                 342,000
</TABLE>
     The amount of compensation taken into account in determining each
Named Executive Officer's pension under the Retirement Plan's formula,
as shown in the third column of the table above, represents the average
of the rates of base salary in effect for such officer as of the last
day of each of the years 1990 through 1994.  In the case of each such
Named Executive Officer, the base salary amounts so taken into account
for the years 1992, 1993 and 1994 differ from the amounts shown in the
"Salary" column of the Summary Compensation Table for these years, in
that the latter amounts represent the base salary actually earned by 

                                   -37-
<PAGE>
Retirement Benefits (Cont'd.)
- -------------------

such Named Executive Officer during each such year, rather than the rate
of base salary in effect for such Named Executive Officer at the end of
that year.

     The pension amounts otherwise payable from the Retirement Plan are
subject to reduction to the extent necessary to comply with the Code
Limitations.  However, in the case of each Named Executive Officer, any
pension amount otherwise payable under the Retirement Plan's benefit
formula that cannot be paid to such Named Executive Officer from the
Retirement Plan because of the Code Limitations will be paid to the
officer under the Company's Benefit Equalization Plan or, in the case of
Messrs. Schwarz, Maurer, Roberts, Taylor and Wonham, under a
supplemental pension agreement which the Corporation has entered into
with each such officer.


401(k) Plan and ESOP
- --------------------

     The 401(k) Plan and ESOP is a defined contribution pension plan. 
Employees are eligible to become participants in the plan following the
completion of one year of service, except that employees are eligible to
make tax-deferred elective contributions from their base salary
following the completion of three months of service.  Contributions
under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP consist of annual employer contributions
made on behalf of the participants under the Plan's ESOP feature ("ESOP
Contributions"), and tax-deferred elective contributions made by the
participants under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP's 401(k) feature ("401(k)
Contributions").

     Under the 401(k) feature of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, a participant
may elect to have a specified percentage of his or her annual award
under the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of United States Trust Company of
New York and Affiliated Companies (the "1990 Annual Incentive Plan") (or
in the case of participants who are not eligible for awards under the
1990 Annual Incentive Plan, the Incentive Award Plan of United States
Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies) and/or a specified
percentage of the participant's base salary, contributed to the 401(k)
Plan and ESOP on his or her behalf as a 401(k) Contribution.  All 401(k)
Contributions made on behalf of a participant are paid to a trust fund
maintained under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP and invested as directed by
the participant in one or more of six investment funds, including a fund
designed for investment in the Corporation's Common Stock (the "U.S.T.
Corp. Stock Fund").

     The annual ESOP Contribution made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on 

                                   -38-
<PAGE>
401(k) Plan and ESOP (Cont'd.)
- --------------------

behalf of each participant is generally equal to 5% of such
participant's compensation.  In the case of any participant who is a
participant in the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan, the amount of ESOP
contribution to be made for the participant for any year may not exceed
the amount of the participant's award under the 1990 Annual Incentive
Plan for such year.  The ESOP feature of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP is
designed to invest in the Corporation's Common Stock.  The 401(k) Plan
and ESOP acquired the Corporation's Common Stock with the proceeds of
loans (the "ESOP Loan"), and the shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock so acquired were placed in a suspense account.  Each year, shares
so acquired are released to the extent the ESOP Loan is repaid, and the
shares so released are allocated among the individual accounts
maintained for the ESOP participants in proportion to the amounts of
ESOP Contributions made on their behalf for the year.  The ESOP Loan is
repaid with dividends on the Corporation's Common Stock acquired with
the ESOP Loan proceeds, and with the ESOP Contribution, to the extent
determined by the 401(k) Plan and ESOP Committee.  Each participant
receives full credit for dividends that are paid on the shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock allocated to his or her ESOP account, whether
or not such dividends are used to repay the ESOP Loan.  Any ESOP
Contributions and dividends not applied to repay the ESOP Loan are
invested in participants' accounts in the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund.

     The Code Limitations restrict the amount of the ESOP Contribution
that can be made each year on behalf of any participant.  Prior to 1994,
the amount of the ESOP Contribution, which could not be made to the
401(k) Plan and ESOP on behalf of a participant because of such
limitations was provided to the participant through an award of benefit
equalization units under the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation (the "Stock Plan").  Effective with the ESOP Contribution to
be made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP Plan for 1994, the portion of any
ESOP Contribution that cannot be so made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on
behalf of a participant will be provided to the participant through a
credit to the participant's account under the Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan described below.

     A participant's interest in the trust fund under the 401(k) Plan
and ESOP is at all times fully vested.  Distributions from the 401(k)
Plan and ESOP become payable upon the participant's retirement, death or
other termination of employment.  Withdrawals from the 401(k) portion of
a participant's account may be made after age 59 1/2 or in cases of
hardship.  Distributions from the 401(k) Plan and ESOP are made in a
lump sum, or, in certain cases, in annual installments.  Such payments
are made in cash, except that any shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock allocated to the participant's account under the ESOP portion of 

                                   -39-
<PAGE>
401(k) Plan and ESOP (Cont'd.)
- --------------------

the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, and shares attributable to the portion of the
participant's account that are invested in the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund,
may generally be distributed in kind.


Annual Incentive Awards
- -----------------------

     The 1990 Annual Incentive Plan provides for annual cash awards to
be earned and paid based on the attainment of annual performance
objectives established by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of
each year.  The Compensation Committee has the authority to select the
officers who will be eligible to receive awards, to determine the
maximum amount available for awards each year, to establish the
performance objectives that must be met in order for awards to be earned
and paid, and to determine the extent to which such performance
objectives have been met.  In the Compensation Committee's discretion,
the performance objectives may be based on corporate performance, the
participant's individual performance, or a combination of the two.

     Awards otherwise earned under the plan for any year are reduced
(i) by the amount of the ESOP Contribution to be made to the 401(k) Plan
and ESOP on the participant's behalf for such year, and (ii) by the
amount credited to the participant's account under the Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to any portion of the
participant's ESOP Contribution that cannot be made to the 401(k) Plan
and ESOP for such year because of the Code Limitations.  Awards that are
earned under the plan are payable in cash after the close of each year,
except to the extent that the participant has elected, instead, to have
any portion of such award contributed on his or her behalf as a 401(k)
Contribution to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, or to defer any portion of his
or her award under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.


The 1989 Stock Compensation Plan
- --------------------------------

     The 1989 Stock Compensation Plan (the "Stock Plan") provides for
the award of Common Shares by means of restricted stock, stock options
and performance share units to senior officers of the Corporation, the
Trust Company and their subsidiaries.  In addition, the Stock Plan
provides for the grant of benefit equalization units to certain
participants in the 401(k) Plan in order to provide such participants
with the full benefits to which they would have been entitled under the
401(k) Plan benefit formula but for certain limitations imposed by the
Code.

                                   -40-
<PAGE>
The 1989 Stock Compensation Plan (Cont'd.)
- --------------------------------

     The Stock Plan currently authorizes the issuance of a maximum of
1,300,000 Common Shares plus the Common Shares previously authorized but
not utilized or reserved for issuance under various predecessor plans. 
As of December 30, 1994, there were an aggregate of 343,761 Common
Shares available for future awards under the Stock Plan.  The Common
Shares to be distributed under the Stock Plan may be shares held in the
Corporation's treasury, authorized but previously unissued shares or
shares purchased by the Corporation on the open market.

     Officers of the Corporation, the Trust Company and their
subsidiaries at or above the rank of Vice President are eligible to be
granted stock options and other awards under the Stock Plan.  In
addition, benefit equalization units are automatically credited to
certain participants in the 401(k) Plan, as described below under the
caption "Benefit Equalization Units."  The Compensation Committee
selects the officers who will be granted awards and determines the
nature, extent and timing of awards, performance goals and performance
measurement periods and any conditions to be attached to awards. 
Currently, there are approximately 500 persons who are eligible to be
granted awards under the Stock Plan, including all five of the Named
Executive Officers.

     The Stock Plan provides for the award of options to purchase Common
Shares.  The maximum term of all options granted under the Stock Plan is
ten years from the date of grant, and the per share exercise price of
any option may not be less than the fair market value of a Common Share
on the date of grant of the option, as determined by the Compensation
Committee.  The Compensation Committee may require that an option under
the Stock Plan be exercised in installments; each presently outstanding
option under the Stock Plan became or becomes exercisable in four
substantially equal, cumulative installments over a four-year period,
subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee to accelerate an
option in whole or in part upon an optionee's termination of employment
by reason of death, permanent disability or retirement.  Payment of the
option exercise price may be made in cash or in other consideration
approved by the Compensation Committee, including Common Shares valued
at their fair market value at the time of exercise.

     The following table sets forth information with respect to options
currently outstanding under the Stock Plan.  On December 30, 1994, the
closing price of a Common Share on the NASDAQ National Market System was
$63.50.

                                   -41-
<PAGE>
The 1989 Stock Compensation Plan (Cont'd.)
- --------------------------------
<TABLE>
                                                                                  Number of shares
               Optionee or group                                                    under option
               -----------------                                                  ----------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>
H.M. Schwarz                                                                           93,500
Chairman and CEO

J.S. Maurer                                                                            70,700
President and COO

F.B. Taylor                                                                            56,450
Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer

D.M. Roberts                                                                           41,000
Vice Chairman and Treasurer

F.S. Wonham                                                                            35,500
Vice Chairman

All executive officers as a group                                                     297,150
(5 persons)

All other employees, including officers other than executive officers                 956,209
</TABLE>
     Options granted under the Stock Plan are either incentive stock
options meeting the requirements set forth in Section 422 of the Code
("ISOs") or options which do not qualify as ISOs ("nonqualified
options").  For federal income tax purposes, assuming that the shares
acquired by the holder of an ISO are not disposed of within two years
from the date the option was granted or one year from the date the
option was exercised, the Corporation receives no deduction either upon
the grant or the exercise of an ISO or upon a subsequent sale of the
shares by the optionee.  The optionee realizes no income for regular
federal income tax purposes either at the time of the grant or the time
of exercise of the ISO.  Instead, the optionee realizes income or loss
only upon his or her subsequent sale of the option shares, and the
optionee's income, in the amount of any excess of the sale price over
the option exercise price, will be taxed as long-term capital gain.

     If, however, the shares are disposed of within either of the two-
and one-year periods mentioned above (a "disqualifying disposition"),
the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the shares on the date
of exercise over the option exercise price will be treated as ordinary
income to the optionee in the year of the disqualifying disposition.  In
addition, if a disqualifying disposition is for more than the fair
market value of the shares on the date of exercise, the excess of the 

                                   -42-
<PAGE>
The 1989 Stock Compensation Plan (Cont'd.)
- --------------------------------

amount realized over the fair market value will be treated as a short-
term or long-term capital gain realized by the optionee, depending upon
the length of time the shares are held.  If a disqualifying disposition
is for less than the fair market value of such shares on the date of
exercise, the amount treated as ordinary income realized by the optionee
will be limited to the excess of the amount realized over the option
exercise price, and if the disqualifying disposition is for less than
the option exercise price, the optionee will realize no ordinary income,
but rather a short-term or long-term capital loss, depending upon the
length of time the shares are held, equal to the difference between the
option exercise price and the amount realized.  The Corporation may be
entitled, in the year of a disqualifying disposition, to a deduction
equal to the amount that the optionee must treat as ordinary income.

     The optionee of a nonqualified option does not realize any taxable
income upon the grant of the option.  Upon exercise of a nonqualified
option, the optionee realizes ordinary income in an amount generally
measured by the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the shares
on the date of exercise over the option exercise price.  The Corporation
will be entitled to a deduction in the same amount as the ordinary
income realized by the optionee.  Upon the sale of such shares, the
optionee will realize short-term or long-term capital gain or loss,
depending upon the length of time the shares are held.  Such gain or
loss will be measured by the difference between the sale price of the
shares and the market price of the shares on the date of exercise.

     An option under the Stock Plan will not be exercisable unless the
optionee has remained in the employ of the Corporation, the Trust
Company or a participating subsidiary for such period after the date of
grant of the option as may be determined by the Compensation Committee. 
If the optionee's employment shall terminate (except by reason of death
or disability), the option will be exercisable, to the extent the
optionee was entitled to exercise the option on the date of such
termination, until the earlier of (i) three months after the date of
termination of employment and (ii) the expiration date specified in the
option.  This three-month period is extended to twelve months if the
optionee's employment shall terminate by reason of disability, is
extended to two years after death if the optionee's employment shall
terminate by reason of death or if the optionee dies within one year of
retiring as a result of a disability, and may, in the Compensation
Committee's sole discretion, be extended to twelve months if the
optionee ceases to be an employee by reason of retirement.  In 1994, the
option exercise period, in the event of the optionee's termination of
employment by reason of retirement was amended to the earlier of the
expiration date specified in the option and the date three months (in 


                                   -43-
<PAGE>
The 1989 Stock Compensation Plan (Cont'd.)
- --------------------------------

the case of an ISO) or fifteen months (in the case of a nonqualified
option) after the date of termination of employment.  The Compensation
Committee would not have the discretion to extend the option exercise
period.


Other Features of the Stock Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans
- ------------------------------------------------------------------

     Apart from the present stock option provisions of the Stock Plan,
the Stock Plan provides for the award of stock-based compensation to
senior officers of the Corporation, the Trust Company and other
subsidiaries in two other forms: in shares of restricted stock and in
performance share units.  In addition, for years prior to 1994, benefit
equalization units were awarded to officers to provide them with the
full benefits to which they would have been entitled under the ESOP
portion of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP but for the Code Limitations.  The
award of benefit equalization units under the Stock Plan has been
discontinued effective with the contribution to be made to the ESOP
portion of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP for the year 1994.


Restricted Stock
- ----------------

     Recipients of awards of shares of restricted stock are prohibited
from selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of such shares within a
period (typically three years) determined by the Compensation Committee. 
Restricted shares are held in the officer's name in a book entry
account.  During the restricted period, the officer has all of the
rights of a stockholder of the Corporation with respect to his or her
restricted shares, including voting and dividend rights.  Subject to
satisfaction of any tax withholding obligation, certificates evidencing
the shares are delivered to the officer free of restrictions at the
conclusion of the restricted period.  In the event of the termination of
employment of an officer for any reason, all shares then subject to
restrictions are forfeited unless the Compensation Committee otherwise
determines.


Performance Share Units
- -----------------------

     The Stock Plan provides for the grant of performance share units
which are earned over a 3-year "Performance Cycle" to the extent that 

                                   -44-
<PAGE>
Performance Share Units (Cont'd.)
- -----------------------

pre-established performance goals for the Corporation are met.  Except
for any portion of an earned award that an officer has previously
elected to defer, earned awards are paid as soon as practicable after
the close of the Performance Cycle.  Awards that are not deferred are
paid in a combination of cash and the Corporation's Common Stock, as the
Compensation Committee determines, but at least 50% of a non-deferred
award must be paid in the Corporation's Common Stock.  Deferred awards
are either converted to "phantom share units" ("PSUs") or credited to
the "Interest Portion" of the officer's account under the plan, as the
officer may elect, but at least 50% of any deferred award must be
converted to PSUs.

     Earnings are credited to the Interest Portion of a deferred award
at the Trust Company's prime rate, or at a rate of return matching the
rate of return on any one or more of the investment funds available for
investment of the 401(k) portion of employees' accounts under the 401(k)
Plan and ESOP other than the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund, as the officer may
select from time to time.  The "PSU Portion" of an officer's deferred
award is credited, as of the date of each dividend payment on the
Corporation's Common Stock, with dividend equivalents in the form of
additional PSU's.

     Payments with respect to deferred awards are made in 10 annual
installments commencing in the year following the officer's retirement
or other termination of employment.  Payments with respect to the PSU
Portion of a deferred award are made in the form of shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock, and payments with respect to the Interest
Portion of a deferred award are made in cash.

     Performance share units were also awarded to officers of the
Corporation and the Trust Company and their subsidiaries under two
predecessor plans:  the 1988 Long-Term Performance Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation and the Long-Term Performance Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation
(collectively, the "Predecessor Performance Plans").  The provisions of
the Predecessor Performance Plans are substantially the same as those
applicable to the performance share unit feature of the Stock Plan.  No
Performance Cycles remain in progress under the Predecessor Performance
Plans.  However, deferred awards remain outstanding under these plans,
in the form of PSU's and account balances that are credited with
interest under substantially the same provisions as described above in
the case of the "Interest Portion" of deferred awards under the Stock
Plan.

     Each performance share unit and each PSU credited to an officer
under the Stock Plan and the Predecessor Performance Plans represents 

                                   -45-
<PAGE>
Performance Share Units (Cont'd.)
- -----------------------

one share of the Corporation's Common Stock, but constitutes only a
"phantom" share.  It entitles the holder to be credited with dividend
equivalents and to receive one share of the Corporation's Common Stock
for each such unit to the officer's credit when distributions are made
to the officer from the plan, but it does not otherwise entitle the
officer to any of the rights of a holder of the Corporation's Common
Stock.


Benefit Equalization Units
- --------------------------

     For years prior to 1994, the Stock Plan provided for awards to
officers of benefit equalization units ("BEUs") with an aggregate value
equal to the amount of the ESOP contribution that could not be made to
the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on the officer's behalf for any year because of
the Code Limitations.  The BEUs earn dividend equivalents with respect
to dividends that are paid on the Corporation's Common Stock, and the
dividend equivalents attributable to an officer's BEUs are credited to
the officer in the form of additional BEUs.  An officer's interest in
the BEUs credited to his account under the plan is fully vested at all
times.  Officers receive a distribution with respect to their BEUs upon
the termination of their employment.  Distribution is made in the form
of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, and cash for fractional
units.

     Each BEU credited to an officer represents one share of the
Corporation's Common Stock, but constitutes only a "phantom" share.  It
entitles the holder to be credited with dividend equivalents and to
receive one share of the Corporation's Common Stock for each such unit
to the officer's credit when distributions are made to the officer from
the plan, but it does not otherwise entitle the officer to any of the
rights of a holder of the Corporation's Common Stock.


Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
- ------------------------------------

     The Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation
(the "Executive Deferred Compensation Plan") is a nonqualified plan of
deferred compensation.  All officers at or above the rank of Vice
President whose total annual compensation (as defined in the plan)
exceeds $150,000 are eligible to participate in the plan.  The plan
permits each eligible officer to elect to defer portions of the
officer's award for any year under the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan and a 


                                   -46-
<PAGE>
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (Cont'd.)
- ------------------------------------

portion of certain other incentive payments.  The Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan also provides for the crediting to an eligible
officer's account under the plan of amounts equal to the portion of the
ESOP contribution for 1994 or any later year that cannot be made on the
officer's behalf to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP because of the Code
Limitations.

     A participant's deferred amounts under the Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan are credited with interest at rates of return chosen
by the participant from among the rates of return on the investment
funds available for investment of the 401(k) portion of employees'
accounts under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP other than the U.S.T. Corp.
Stock Fund.

     Deferred amounts under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
become payable upon a participant's termination of employment.  Payment
of deferred amounts generally will be made in a single cash lump sum. 
However, if employment is terminated by reason of retirement or death
and the participant has so elected, payment will be made in ten annual
cash installments.  In the case of amounts payable upon retirement, a
participant also may elect to receive payment in 15 annual cash
installments.


Change in Control Provisions
- ----------------------------

     Various compensation and benefit plans under which the Named
Executive Officers will be covered will contain provisions pursuant to
which payment of the benefits provided under the plan would be
accelerated in the event of a "change in control" of the Corporation (as
defined in the Stock Plan), unless the Corporation's Board otherwise
determines prior to the date of the change in control (or not later than
45 days thereafter in certain circumstances).  As defined in the Stock
Plan, a "change in control" means that any of the following events has
occurred:  (i) 20% or more of the shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock have been acquired by any person (as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of
the Exchange Act) other than directly from the Corporation; (ii) there
has been a merger or equivalent combination after which 49% or more of
the voting stock of the surviving corporation is held by persons other
than former stockholders of the Corporation; or (iii) 20% or more of the
directors elected by stockholders to the Corporation's Board are persons
who were not nominated by management in the most recent proxy statement
of the Corporation.

                                   -47-
<PAGE>
Change in Control Provisions (Cont'd.)
- ----------------------------

     Specifically, upon such a change in control (a) the restrictions
applicable to all restricted stock previously awarded under the Stock
Plan would lapse, and a cash payment would be made for each share of
restricted stock equal to the Determined Value (as defined in the Stock
Plan) of a share of the Corporation's Common Stock; (b) each new stock
option granted under the Stock Plan at least six months prior to the
change in control would be cancelled in return for a cash payment equal
to the excess of the Determined Value of the shares of the Corporation's
Common Stock subject to the option over the aggregate purchase price of
such shares under the terms of the option; (c) all other new stock
options outstanding under the Stock Plan would become immediately and
fully exercisable; (d) all performance share units awarded under the
Stock Plan for the performance cycle in which the change in control
occurs would be deemed to have been earned in full, and a cash payment
would be made for each such performance share unit in an amount equal to
the Determined Value of a share of the Corporation's Common Stock;
(e) all previously deferred awards of performance share units under the
Stock Plan would become immediately payable in the form of a cash
payment in an amount equal to the sum of the Interest Portion (as
defined in the Stock Plan) of such awards and the Determined Value of
the number of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock corresponding to
the number of units included in the Phantom Share Unit Portion (as
defined in the Stock Plan) of such awards; (f) all benefit equalization
units previously granted under the Stock Plan would become immediately
payable in the form of a cash payment in an amount equal to the
Determined Value of the number of shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock corresponding to the number of benefit equalization units
credited to the participant; (g) all awards under the 1990 Annual
Incentive Plan for the year in which the change in control occurs would
be deemed to have been earned in full, and would be immediately payable
in the form of a cash payment; and (h) the balance of each participant's
account under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan would become
immediately payable in full in the form of a cash payment.

     The Retirement Plan provides that if the Retirement Plan is
terminated within four years after the occurrence of a change in
control, any surplus funding in the Retirement Plan would be applied
(subject to applicable Code and other tax qualification requirements
applicable to the Retirement Plan) to provide pro rata increases in the
accrued pension benefits of all qualified participants in the Retirement
Plan, including the Named Executive Officers.

     The supplemental pension agreements with each of the Named
Executive Officers provide that in the event of the involuntary
termination of any such officer's employment following a change in 


                                   -48-
Change in Control Provisions (Cont'd.)
- ----------------------------

control, such officer would receive from the Corporation an immediate
lump sum cash payment equal to the actuarial present value of the
supplemental pension that would have been payable to such officer under
the agreement at his normal retirement date if he had remained employed
with the Corporation until that date, at the rate of annual compensation
in effect for such officer immediately prior to such termination of his
employment.

     In addition, under the 1990 Change in Control and Severance Policy,
each of the Named Executive Officers would be entitled to receive
severance benefits in the event of any such Named Executive Officer's
involuntary termination of employment within two years following a
change in control.  In such event, each such Named Executive Officer
would be entitled to receive a cash payment in an amount equal to the
sum of (a) two times such Named Executive Officer's then current annual
base salary, (b) the average of the highest three of the previous five
years awards to such Named Executive Officer under the 1990 Annual
Incentive Plan and predecessor plan and (c) 25 times such Named
Executive Officer's then current weekly base salary.


Benefit Protection Trusts
- -------------------------

     The Corporation has established the U.S. Trust Corporation Benefits
Protection Trust I and the U.S. Trust Corporation Benefits Protection
Trust II, and the Trust Company has established the United States Trust
Company of New York and Affiliated Companies Executives Benefits
Protection Trust, for the purposes of assisting the Corporation and the
Trust Company in meeting their obligations under certain of the benefit
and compensation plans maintained by them.  The U.S. Trust Corporation
Benefits Protection Trust I also will cover benefits payable under the
Board Members' Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to the "Interest
Portion" of a board member's deferred amounts under that plan.

     Upon the occurrence of a change in control, the trust funds would
be used to make benefit payments to the officers and board members in
accordance with the provisions of the applicable plans and the trust
agreements.  However, at all time prior to payment to the officers and
board members, all assets held in the trusts will remain subject to the
claims of the Corporation's and the Trust Company's respective
creditors.

     The trusts are intended to qualify as "grantor trusts" with the
meaning of the Code, with the consequence that the Corporation and the 



                                   -49-
<PAGE>
Benefit Protection Trusts (Cont'd.)
- -------------------------

Trust Company will be treated as owners of all of the assets and income
of the trusts for federal income tax purposes.  No contributions have
been made to the trusts as yet.


Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
            Management
            ---------------------------------------------------

     The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of the Corporation's Common Stock as of December 30, 1994, by
(i) each person known by the Corporation to own more than five percent
of either class of the outstanding Corporation Common Stock, (ii) each
director of the Corporation, (iii) each of the named executive officers
of the Corporation and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a
group.  Unless otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them.
<TABLE>
                                               Amount and Nature of                  Percent
Beneficial Owner                               Beneficial Ownership                 of Class
- ----------------                               --------------------                 --------
<S>                                            <C>                                     <C>
401(k) Plan and ESOP of United States          1,335,133 shares (in a                  14.13
Trust Company of New York and                  fiduciary capacity) (1)
and Affiliated Companies
114 West 47th Street
New York, New York 10036

GeoCapital Corporation                         618,750 shares (with sole                6.55
767 Fifth Avenue                               dispositive power) (2)
New York, New York, 10158

United States Trust Company of New             354,139 shares (in fiduciary             3.75
York and Affiliated Companies                  and agency capacities (3)
114 West 47th Street
New York, New York 10036

Eleanor Baum                                       300 (4)(5)
Samuel C. Butler                                 7,730 (4)(5)(6)
Peter O. Crisp                                     700 (4)(5)
Daniel P. Davison                               48,095 (7)
Philippe de Montebello                             800 (4)
Paul W. Douglas                                  1,837 (4)(5)
Edwin D. Etherington                             8,150
Antonia M. Grumbach                              1,300 (4)
</TABLE>
                                   -50-
<PAGE>
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
- --------    Management (Cont'd.)
            ---------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
                                               Amount and Nature of                  Percent
Beneficial Owner                               Beneficial Ownership                 of Class
- ----------------                               --------------------                 --------
<S>                                            <S>                                     <S>
Frederic C. Hamilton                            30,825 (4)
Peter L. Malkin                                  1,200 (4)
Jeffrey S. Maurer                               19,436 (7)(8)(9)
Orson D. Munn                                    9,500 (4)(10)
Donald M. Roberts                               35,377 (7)(8)(9)
H. Marshall Schwarz                             33,625 (8)(9)
Philip L. Smith                                  5,800
John Hoyt Stookey                                5,800 (4)
Frederick B. Taylor                             26,748 (7)(8)(9)(11)
Richard F. Tucker                                3,325 (4)(5)
Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr.                       3,600 (4)(7)
Robert N. Wilson                                   950 (4)
Frederick S. Wonham                             30,404 (7)(8)(9)
Ruth A. Wooden                                     200 (4)(5)

All directors and executive officers
as a group (numbering 22 as a group)           275,702                                  2.92
_______________

(1)  These shares consist of 1,058,834 shares allocated or attributable to the individual accounts of participants in
     the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, who have voting and dispositive power over such shares, and 276,299 shares which have
     not been allocated to participant accounts, as to which shares the Trust Company, as Trustee of the Plan, may be
     deemed to have voting and dispositive power.  In February 1995, contributions in the aggregate amount of
     $4,275,480 were made to the Plan which, under the terms of the Plan, will be used to purchase additional shares of
     the Corporation's Common Stock for participants' accounts under the 401(k) portion of the Plan.  These shares will
     be acquired through purchases in the market.  Assuming that the shares are purchased at an average price of
     $66 per share, the Plan will hold an additional 64,780 shares of the Corporation's Common Stock as a result of
     these contributions.  The number of shares set forth in the table above does not include these 64,780 shares.

(2)  Information herein with respect to GeoCapital Corporation ("GCC") has been obtained from GCC and from GCC's
     filings with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(g) of the Exchange Act by GCC, a registered investment advisor,
     and Barry K. Fingerhut and Irwin Lieber, by reason of their ownership interest in GCC.  Such filings further
     disclose that the shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and were not acquired for the purpose
     of and do not have the effect of changing or influencing the control of the Corporation and were not acquired in
     connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect.

(3)  The Corporation, the Trust Company and their affiliates have sole voting power as to 16,171 of such shares, shared
     voting power as to 42,452 of such shares, sole dispositive power as to 197,237 of such shares and shared
     dispositive power as to 156,902 of such shares.  Such shares do not include any shares held in the 401(k) Plan and
     ESOP.  As a matter of policy, the Trust Company and its affiliates vote shares held in an agency capacity only as
</TABLE>

                                   -51-
<PAGE>
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
- --------    Management (Cont'd.)
            ---------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<S>  <C>
     directed by customers, and where shares are held as a co-fiduciary, vote such shares as directed by the other co-
     fiduciaries.  Shares held by the Corporation, the Trust Company and their affiliates as sole fiduciary are not
     voted unless specific voting instructions are given by a donor or beneficiary pursuant to the governing trust
     instrument.

(4)  Does not include shares subject to non-employee director stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31,
     1994 as follows:  Dr. Baum and Ms. Wooden each 1,650 shares, Messrs. Crisp and Malkin each 3,350 shares, Mr. Munn
     2,000 shares, Mr. Wilson 4,650 shares and 5,000 shares by each of the other non-employee directors (as defined in
     the Plan) other than Messrs. Etherington and Smith.

(5)  Does not include shares attributable to deferred awards under the Board Members' Deferred Compensation Plan as
     follows:  Dr. Baum 232 shares, Mr. Butler 8,670 shares, Mr. Crisp 1,232 shares, Mr. Douglas 5,709 shares,
     Mr. Tucker 309 shares and Ms. Wooden 179 shares.

(6)  Includes 1,250 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Butler is trustee and 4,914 shares held in a trust in which he
     has a beneficial interest.

(7)  Includes 10,254 shares owned by Mr. Davison's wife, 2,500 shares owned by Mr. Maurer's wife, 638 shares held in
     trust by Mr. Maurer's wife for their children, 3,215 shares owned by Mr. Roberts' daughter, 3,989 shares owned by
     Mr. Taylor's wife, 300 shares owned by Mr. Wainwright's wife and 2,250 shares owned by Mr. Wonham's children, with
     respect to which the director in each case disclaims beneficial ownership.

(8)  Does not include shares subject to employee stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 1994 as
     follows:  Mr. Schwarz 72,250 shares, Mr. Maurer 53,450 shares, Mr. Taylor 41,200 shares, Mr. Roberts 31,750 shares
     and Mr. Wonham 26,250 shares.

(9)  Does not include shares attributable to deferred awards under the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan and Predecessor
     Performance Plans as follows:  Mr. Schwarz 78,086 shares, Mr. Maurer 29,008 shares, Mr. Taylor 10,864 shares,
     Mr. Roberts 55,186 shares and Mr. Wonham 44,064 shares.

(10) Includes 1,700 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Munn is trustee.

(11) Includes 270 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Taylor is sole trustee and in which he has a beneficial interest.

     Other than as set forth above, the Corporation's management is aware of no person who, as of December 31, 1994, was
the beneficial owner of more than 5% of outstanding U.S. Trust Corporation Common Stock.  The total number of shares of
U.S. Trust Corporation Common Stock owned by all directors and executive officers of the Corporation as a group
accounted for 790,791 shares (approximately 7.93% of outstanding shares of the Corporation's Common Stock) as of
December 30, 1994.*
_______________

*    Includes shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 1994, and shares attributable
     to deferred awards under the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans and Board Members'
     Deferred Compensation Plan.
</TABLE>

                                   -52-
<PAGE>
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
- --------    ----------------------------------------------

     Samuel C. Butler, a director of the Corporation, is a partner in
the law firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, which is counsel to the
Corporation in connection with the transaction with Chase and which
performed services for the Corporation in fiscal year 1994.  The
aggregate amount of fees paid by the Corporation to Cravath, Swaine &
Moore was less than 5% of the law firm's gross revenues for the last
fiscal year.

     Peter L. Malkin, a director of the Corporation, is a partner in the
law firm of Wien, Malkin & Bettex, which performed services for the
Corporation in fiscal year 1994.  The aggregate amount of fees paid by
the Corporation to Wien, Malkin & Bettex was less than 5% of the law
firm's gross revenues for the last fiscal year.

     Antonia M. Grumbach, a director of the Corporation, is a partner in
the law firm of Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler, which performed
services for the Corporation in fiscal year 1994.  The aggregate amount
of fees paid by the Corporation to Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler was
less than 5% of the law firm's gross revenues for the last fiscal year.

     Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr., a director of the Corporation, is a
consulting partner in the law firm of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy,
which performed services for the Corporation in fiscal year 1994.  The
aggregate amount of fees paid by the Corporation to Milbank, Tweed,
Hadley & McCloy was less than 5% of the law firm's gross revenues for
the last fiscal year.

     In addition to the preceding, some of the Corporation's directors
are customers of the Trust Company and some of the directors are
officers of corporations or members of partnerships which are customers
of the Trust Company.  As such customers, they have had transactions in
the ordinary course of business with the Trust Company, including
borrowings, all of which were on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for
comparable transactions with other persons and did not involve more than
normal risk of collectibility or present other unfavorable features.  In
the ordinary course of business, the Trust Company uses the products or
services of a number of organizations with which directors of the
Corporation are affiliated as officers or partners.  It is expected that
the Trust Company and the Corporation will in the future have
transactions with organizations with which directors of the Corporation
are affiliated as officers or partners.





                                   -53-
<PAGE>
Item 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports
            on Form 8-K
            ----------------------------------------------------

            (a)  (1)  Exhibits
                      --------

      Reference is made to the attached Index of Exhibits included
herein on page 55 for a list of the exhibits filed as part of this
Report.

            (a)  (2)  Financial Statements and Schedules
                      ----------------------------------

      Reference is made to the attached Index to Financial Statements
and Schedules included herein on page 67 for a list of the financial
statements and schedules filed as part of this Report.

             (b)      Reports on Form 8-K
                      -------------------

             (1)  Current Report dated November 17, 1994, reporting
under Item 5. Other Events, Amendment No. 2 to the Shareholder Rights
Agreement dated as of January 26, 1988, between U.S. Trust Corporation
("U.S. Trust ") and First Chicago Trust Company of New York.

             (2)  Current Report dated November 18, 1994, reporting
under Item 5. Other Events, that U.S. Trust and The Chase Manhattan
Corporation ("Chase") had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
pursuant to which Chase will acquire U.S. Trust's institutional custody,
mutual funds servicing and unit trust businesses for $363.5 million in
Chase common stock.

             (3)  Current Report dated December 23, 1994, reporting
under Item 5. Other Events, pro forma financial statements to present
the estimated effects of the transaction with Chase.














                                   -54-
<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
2.1          Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 18, 1994
             (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
             to time) between The Chase Manhattan Corporation ("Chase")
             and the Corporation, included in this Report as Appendix A
             to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated February 9, 1995,
             filed as Exhibit 99 to this Report ("Exhibit 99"). (1)(2)

2.2          Form of Agreement and Plan of Distribution among the
             Corporation, the Trust Company, New USTC Holdings
             Corporation ("New USTC Holdings") and New U.S. Trust
             Company of New York ("New U.S. Trust"), included in this
             Report as Appendix B to Exhibit 99. (1)(2)

2.3          Form of Contribution and Assumption Agreement between the
             Trust Company and New U.S. Trust, included in this Report
             as Appendix C to Exhibit 99. (1)(2)

2.4          Form of Post Closing Covenants Agreement among Chase, the
             Corporation, the Trust Company, New USTC Holdings and New
             U.S. Trust, included in this Report as Appendix D to
             Exhibit 99. (1)

2.5          Form of Tax Allocation Agreement among the Corporation, New
             USTC Holdings and Chase, included in this Report as
             Appendix E to Exhibit 99. (1)

2.6          Services Agreement Term Sheet, filed as Exhibit 7 to the
             Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K bearing cover date
             of November 18, 1994. (1)

3.1          Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended
             through May 4, 1993, filed as Exhibit 3(i) to the
             Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
             ended June 30, 1993. (1)

- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.

(2)  The copy of this document being filed herewith does not include the
     exhibits and schedules thereto which are identified as being
     omitted in the table of contents of this document.  The Corporation
     undertakes to furnish any such omitted exhibits and schedules to
     the Commission upon its request.


                                   -55-
<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------
                                (Continued)

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
3.2          By-Laws of the Corporation, as amended through October 28,
             1986, filed as Exhibit (3) to the Corporation's Annual
             Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
             1987. (1)

4            Note:  The exhibits filed herewith do not include the
             instruments with respect to long-term debt of the
             Corporation and its subsidiaries, inasmuch as the total
             amount of debt authorized under any such instrument does
             not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Corporation and
             its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  The Corporation
             agrees, pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K,
             that it will furnish a copy of any such instrument to the
             Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

4.1          Specimen certificate representing the Corporation's Common
             Shares, filed as Exhibit 6.3(a) to the Corporation's
             Registration Statement on Form S-14 (Registration
             No. 2-60433). (1)

4.2          Form of Rights Agreement, dated as of January 26, 1988,
             between the Corporation and Morgan Shareholder Services
             Trust Company, as Rights Agent, filed on January 28, 1988
             as Exhibit 1 to the Corporation's Registration Statement on
             Form 8-A registering Rights to Purchase the Corporation's
             Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Shares. (1)

4.3          Form of Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 12, 1989, to
             the Rights Agreement, between the Corporation and First
             Chicago Trust Company of New York (formerly Morgan
             Shareholder Services Trust Company), as Rights Agent, filed
             as Exhibit 4.4 to the Corporation's Current Report on Form
             8-K dated December 12, 1989. (1)

4.4          Form of Amendment No. 2, dated as of November 17, 1994, to
             the Rights Agreement, between the Corporation and First
             Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Rights Agent, filed
             as Exhibit 1 to the Corporation's Current Report on Form
             8-K bearing cover date of November 17, 1994. (1)

- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.


                                   -56-
<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------
                                (Continued)

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
4.5          Specimen certificate representing Rights to Purchase the
             Corporation's Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred
             Shares, filed on January 28, 1988 as Exhibit B to Exhibit 1
             to the Corporation's Registration Statement on Form 8-A
             registering such Rights. (1)

10.1         Trust Company's Lease, dated June 20, 1980, with New York
             Equities, Inc. covering space at 770 Broadway, New York,
             New York (the "770 Lease"), filed as Exhibit (10)(b) to the
             Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
             year ended December 31, 1990 (the "1990 10-K"). (1)

10.2         Amendments to the 770 Lease between the Trust Company and
             New York Equities, Inc. dated, respectively, as of April
             20, 1981 and as of July 1, 1981; an amendment to the 770
             Lease, between the Trust Company and Georgetown 770 Realty
             Company, as successor to New York Equities, Inc., dated as
             of May 31, 1984; and amendments to the 770 Lease between
             the Trust Company and New York Equities Company, as
             successor to New York Equities, Inc., dated, respectively,
             as of May 15, 1986 and as of December 8, 1988, filed as
             Exhibit (10)(c) to the Corporation's Annual Report on Form
             10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1989 (the "1989
             10-K"). (1)

10.3         Amendment to the 770 Lease between the Trust Company and
             New York Equities Company dated as of June 1, 1990, filed
             as Exhibit (10)(d) to the Corporation's Annual Report on
             Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991 (the
             "1991 10-K"). (1)

10.4         Lease, dated as of September 10, 1987, between 46-47
             Associates, as Lessor, and the Trust Company, as Lessee,
             covering space at 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York;
             letters modifying the terms of such Lease dated,
             respectively, September 10, 1987 and October 2, 1989;
             Subordination Agreement dated as of September 10, 1987
             between the Trust Company and 1133 Building Corp.
             subordinating to such Lease a ground lease with respect to
             the property subject to such Lease; Right of First Refusal
             dated as of September 10, 1987 between the Trust Company

- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.
                                   -57-
<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------
                                (Continued)

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
10.4         and the Lessor respecting the construction of an annex (at
(Cont'd.)    130 West 47th Street, New York, New York) adjacent to the
             property subject to such Lease and which annex is to be
             subject to such Lease; and Agreement dated as of September
             10, 1987 among the Trust Company, the Lessor and 1155
             Office Building Corp. under which the Trust Company and the
             Lessor may exercise an option to purchase property (at 132
             West 47th Street, New York, New York) contiguous to the
             property subject to such Lease, filed as Exhibit (10)(k) to
             the 1989 10-K. (1)

10.5         Lease modification agreement dated December 7, 1987, be-
             tween 46-47 Associates, as Lessor, and the Trust Company,
             as Lessee; Modification of Annex Agreement, dated December
             7, 1987, between 46-47 Associates and the Trust Company;
             Modification of Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated
             December 7, 1987, between 1133 Building Corp. and the Trust
             Company York, New York, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the
             Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
             year ended December 31, 1993 (the "1993 10-K"). (1)

10.6         Confirmation and Clarification Agreement dated March 10,
             1992, between 46-47 Associates, as Lessor, and the Trust
             Company, as Lessee, amending the lease agreement dated
             September 10, 1987, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the 1993
             10-K. (1)

10.7         Clarification of Lease Modification Agreement, dated March
             24, 1992, between 46-47 Associates, as Lessor, and the
             Trust Company, as Lessee; Clarification of Right of First
             Refusal Agreement, dated March 24, 1992, between 1133
             Building Corp. and the Trust Company; Termination of Annex
             Agreement, dated March 24, 1992, between 46-47 Associates
             and the Trust Company; Agreement, dated March 24, 1992,
             between 46-47 Associates and the Trust Company; Grant of
             Easement and Zoning Lot and Development Agreement, dated
             March 24, 1992, between 46-47 Associates and 1133 Building
             Corp., and Indenture, dated March 24, 1992, between 46-47
             Associates and David Puchall, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the
             1993 10-K. (1)

- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.

                                   -58-
<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------
                                (Continued)

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
10.8         Second Lease Modification Agreement, dated May 10, 1993,
             between 46-47 Associates, as Lessor, and the Trust Company,
             as Lessee, amending the lease agreement dated September 10,
             1987, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.9         License agreement between 46-47 Associates and the Trust
             Company for space in Cellar 201 at 114 West 47th Street,
             New York, New York.

             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS AND ARRANGEMENTS
             ---------------------------------------------
10.10        1981 Incentive Stock Option Plan of the Trust Company and
             Affiliated Companies, as amended through January 1, 1983,
             filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the 1993 10-K. (1).

10.11        Amendment dated July 27, 1987, to the 1981 Incentive Stock
             Option Plan of the Trust Company and affiliated companies,
             filed as Exhibit (10)(m) to the 1990 10-K. (1)

10.12        Amendment dated January 26, 1988, to the 1981 Incentive
             Stock Option Plan of the Trust Company and affiliated
             companies, filed as Exhibit (10)(n) to the 1990 10-K. (1)

10.13        1986 Stock Option Plan of the Trust Company and Affiliated
             Companies, as amended through October 24, 1989, filed as
             Exhibit (10)(s) to the 1989 10-K. (1)

10.14        Annual Incentive Plan of the Corporation, as amended,
             restated and renamed effective as of January 1, 1994, filed
             as Exhibit 10.13 to the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.15        Amendments dated November 17, 1994, and December 13, 1994,
             to the Annual Incentive Plan of the Corporation.

10.16        1990 Annual Incentive Plan of the Trust Company and
             Affiliated Companies, as amended and restated effective as
             of January 1, 1994, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the 1993
             10-K. (1)

- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.



                                   -59-
<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------
                                (Continued)

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS AND ARRANGEMENTS (Cont'd.)
             ---------------------------------------------
10.17        Amendment dated December 13, 1994, to the 1990 Annual
             Incentive Plan of the Trust Company and Affiliated
             Companies.

10.18        Long-Term Performance Plan of the Corporation, as amended,
             restated and renamed effective as of January 1, 1994, filed
             as Exhibit 10.15 to the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.19        Amendment dated December 13, 1994, to the Long-Term
             Performance Plan of the Corporation.

10.20        1988 Long-Term Performance Plan of the Corporation, as
             amended, restated and renamed effective as of January 1,
             1994, filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.21        1989 Stock Compensation Plan of the Corporation, as
             amended, restated and renamed effective as of January 1,
             1994, filed as Appendix A of Exhibit 99 to the 1993
             10-K. (1)

10.22        Amendment dated December 13, 1994, to the 1989 Stock
             Compensation Plan of the Corporation.

10.23        Benefit Equalization Plan of the Corporation, as amended
             and restated effective as of October 25, 1994.
             filed as Exhibit 10.18 of the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.24        1990 Change in Control and Severance Policy for Top Tier
             Officers of the Trust Company and Affiliated Companies,
             as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 1994,
             filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.25        Agreements re supplemental retirement benefits for Messrs.
             Schwarz, Maurer, Roberts, Taylor and Wonham, as amended
             and restated as of January 25, 1994, filed as Exhibit 10.20
             to the 1993 10-K. (1)

- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.
                                   -60-



<PAGE>
                             Index of Exhibits
                             -----------------
                                (Continued)

Exhibit No.                           Item
- -----------  -----------------------------------------------------------
             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS AND ARRANGEMENTS (Cont'd.)
             ---------------------------------------------
10.26        Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of the Corporation,
             as adopted effective as of January 1, 1994, filed as
             Exhibit 10.21 of the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.27        Amendments dated December 13, 1994, and January 24, 1995,
             to the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of the
             Corporation.

10.28        The Corporation's Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee
             Directors filed as Exhibit (10)(u) to the 1989 10-K. (1)

10.29        Board Members' Deferred Compensation Plan of the
             Corporation, as amended, restated and renamed effective
             as of January 1, 1994, filed as Appendix B of Exhibit 99 to
             the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.30        Board Members' Retirement Plan of the Corporation, as
             amended, restated and renamed effective as of January 1,
             1994 filed as Exhibit 10.24 of the 1993 10-K. (1)

10.31        Stock Plan for Non-Officer Directors of the Corporation
             effective as of February 15, 1992, filed as Exhibit A to
             Exhibit 28 to the 1991 10-K. (1)

11           Statement re Computation of Per Share Earnings.

13           1994 Annual Report to Shareholders.

22           List of Subsidiaries.

23           Consent of Independent Accountants.

99.1         Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated February 9, 1995, relating
             to the Special Meeting of the Corporation's Stockholders
             scheduled to be held on March 22, 1995.

99.2         Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements as of December 31,
             1994.
- -------------
(1)  Incorporated herein by reference.





                                   -61-
<PAGE>
      This Report has been prepared in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the financial
statements incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in
accordance with such rules and regulations and with generally accepted
accounting principles, by officers and employees of the Corporation and
its affiliates.  This has been done under the general supervision of
Richard E. Brinkmann, Senior Vice President and Comptroller, who has
executed this Report on the Corporation's behalf.  It has been reviewed
by other operating and staff personnel of the Corporation and such
affiliates and by counsel.  The consolidated financial statements
incorporated by reference herein have been audited by Coopers & Lybrand
L.L.P., independent certified public accountants, as indicated in their
report incorporated by reference herein.
      This Report contains much detailed information, of which the
various signatories cannot and do not have independent personal
knowledge.  The signatories believe, however, that the preparation and
review processes summarized above are such as ordinarily to afford
reasonable assurance of compliance with applicable requirements.


                          SIGNATURES
                          ----------

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.


                                     U. S. TRUST CORPORATION
                                           (Registrant)


                                     By    Richard E. Brinkmann
                                         ------------------------
                                               (Signature)
                                           Richard E. Brinkmann
                                           Senior Vice President
                                              and Comptroller


Dated:  March 10, 1995








                                   -62-
<PAGE>
      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.


     Signature                       Title                    Date
     ---------                       -----                    ----


H. Marshall Schwarz           Chairman of the Board       March 10, 1995
- --------------------------    and Director (Principal
H. Marshall Schwarz           Executive Officer)



Donald M. Roberts             Vice Chairman of the        March 10, 1995
- --------------------------    Board, Treasurer, and
Donald M. Roberts             Director (Principal
                              Financial Officer)



Richard E. Brinkmann          Senior Vice President       March 10, 1995
- --------------------------    and Comptroller (Principal
Richard E. Brinkmann          Accounting Officer)



                              Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Edwin D. Etherington



Samuel C. Butler              Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Samuel C. Butler



Frederic C. Hamilton          Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Frederic C. Hamilton






                                   -63-
<PAGE>
     Signature                       Title                    Date
     ---------                       -----                    ----


Paul W. Douglas               Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Paul W. Douglas



Daniel P. Davison             Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Daniel P. Davison



                              Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr.



Orson D. Munn                 Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Orson D. Munn



Philippe de Montebello        Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Philippe de Montebello



                              Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Richard F. Tucker



Frederick S. Wonham           Vice Chairman of the        March 10, 1995
- --------------------------    Board and Director
Frederick S. Wonham







                                   -64-
<PAGE>
     Signature                       Title                    Date
     ---------                       -----                    ----


                              Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Philip L. Smith



Jeffrey S. Maurer             President and Director      March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Jeffrey S. Maurer



John H. Stookey               Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
John H. Stookey



Frederick B. Taylor           Vice Chairman of the        March 10, 1995
- --------------------------    Board and Director
Frederick B. Taylor



Antonia M. Grumbach           Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Antonia M. Grumbach



Robert N. Wilson              Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Robert N. Wilson



Peter O. Crisp                Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Peter O. Crisp







                                   -65-
<PAGE>
     Signature                       Title                    Date
     ---------                       -----                    ----


Peter L. Malkin               Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Peter L. Malkin



Eleanor Baum                  Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Eleanor Baum



Ruth A. Wooden                Director                    March 10, 1995
- --------------------------
Ruth A. Wooden































                                   -66-
<PAGE>
                          U. S. TRUST CORPORATION

                INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES


                                                                 Page
                                                                 ----
Data incorporated by reference from the attached 1994 Annual
Report to Shareholders of U. S. Trust Corporation:

    Consolidated Statements of Condition
    December 31, 1994 and 1993  ...............................  21*

    Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended
    December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992  ........................  20*

    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
    for the Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993, and 1992  ....  22*

    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
    December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992  .........................  23*

    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  ............... 24-42*

    Report of Independent Accountants .........................  42*


* Page numbers refer to the corresponding page numbers in the
  Financial Section of the Annual Report to Shareholders.

  All schedules are omitted since the required information is
  not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
  the schedule.

















                                   -67-
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                              EXHIBIT 10.9

                            46-47 ASSOCIATES
                      1133 Avenue of the Americas
                           New York, NY  10036



                                March 16, 1994



United States Trust Company of New York
114 West 47th Street
New York, NY  10036

Gentlemen:

United States Trust Company of New York (the "Licensee") entered into a
lease dated as of September 10, 1987, as the same was modified by various
letter agreements and amended by Lease Modification Agreement dated as of
December 7, 1987 and Second Lease Modification Agreement dated as of May
10, 1993 (collectively, the "Lease"), pursuant to which Licensee, as
Tenant, leased from 46-47 Associates, as Landlord (the "Licensor"), and
Licensor leased to Licensee, those certain premises compromising part of
sub-basement, basement, first (1st) floor (except public portions), 
second (2nd) through fifteenth (15th) floors, and certain space on the
sixteenth (16th) mechanical floor and on the roof, all in the building 
(the "Building") commonly known as 114 West 47th Street and located in 
New York City, New York.  The term of the Lease commenced on November 14,
1989 and expires on November 30, 2014.

In connection therewith, Licensee has requested Licensor's permission to
occupy Cellar 201 (the "Premises"), which the parties hereto agree shall
be deemed to comprise approximately 1,833 square feet of space, and
utilize same solely as a storage room, commencing on the date hereof and
continuing thereafter on a month-to-month basis throughout the term of
the Lease (the "License Period"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to
the terms hereof.  The undersigned is willing to allow such occupancy of
the Premises during the License period by license granted by the
undersigned to Licensee upon the terms contained herein.

The undersigned, therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, hereby grants
to Licensee this license to (a) use and occupy the Premises during the 
License Period, and (b) have access to and from the Premises, solely
during the License Period, on the terms and provisions of this license
and the applicable terms and provisions of the Lease, all of which terms 
and provisions (collectively, the "Provisions"), are incorporated into
this license and made a part hereof as if fully set forth herein, except
as may be otherwise expressly provided for in this license or as may be
inconsistent with the terms, scope and/or purpose hereof (this license
and the Provisions are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"License").  Anything to the contrary in the foregoing sentence
notwithstanding, no lease is created, or shall be deemed to be or have
been created, hereby or by any course of conduct between the undersigned,
<PAGE>
46-47 Associates and Licensee with respect to the Premises.  Licensee has
neither any leasehold estate or interest in the Premises, nor any right
title or interest in or to the Premises whatsoever, except as expressly
provided by this License.

This License shall permit Licensee to use and occupy the Premises, but
only in the manner set forth in and subject to the terms and conditions
of this License, and subject further to the following conditions:

     1.   The following provisions of the Lease shall be deemed
inapplicable to Licensee's use and occupancy of the Premises and deleted
from the Provisions:

          Articles 1-5 (except for the second sentence of Section 5.01,
          the first sentence of Section 5.02, and entire Section 5.03);
          Sections 6.01 C-E, 6.05 and 6.06; Article 7 (except for
          Sections 7.02(c) and 7.03(b), (c) and (g); Article 8 (after
          "others" [followed by a period] on line 5 of Section 8.01A);
          Article 9 (except for the first sentence of Section 9.01, and
          the first sentence of Section 9.02 up to the word "mortgage"
          [followed by a period] on line 7); Sections 10.02 and 10.05;
          Article 13 (after "Premises" [followed by a period] on line 6
          of Section 13.01, except for the last paragraph of Section
          13.03 and entire Section 13.04 B); Article 15 (except for
          Sections 15.01, 15.02, 15.04 (omitting the penultimate sentence
          of 15.04), and the entire 15.05); Section 17.05; the last two
          sentences of Section 18.01; Section 18.04; Articles 21-25 and
          32; the first four words of Section 33.01 and entire Sections
          33.11 and 33.12; Articles 34 and 37; Schedules A, A-1 and B;
          and Exhibits A - H.

     2.   Licensee shall pay to Licensor, as an occupancy fee for this
License, $2,596.76 per month on the first day of each and every month 
during the period this License is in full force and effect.  If Licensee
first occupies the Premises on a day other than the first day of the
month, then the occupancy fee shall be prorated upon the actual occupancy
date.  The occupancy fee shall remain fixed at the foregoing amount so 
long as this License shall remain in full force and effect.  The first
monthly installment of the occupancy fee shall be paid upon delivery of
the Premises to Licensee.

     3.   Unless Licensee shall be in default under the terms of this
License, Licensee may, at its own cost and expense, move its office
equipment and furniture into the Premises, and store it therein, with no
liability on Licensor's part (except for Licensee's actual out-of-pocket
expenses incurred as a direct result of the negligence of Landlord, its
agents and employees) for any damage or loss relating thereto, until the
effective date of revocation or earlier termination of this License.

     4.   Licensee shall not be deemed or construed to be a tenant or as
having any leasehold, tenancy or any other rights or interests whatsoever
in the Premises except as expressly set forth herein.
<PAGE>
     5.   Subject to the provisions of Section 7 hereof, Licensee shall,
during its use and/or occupancy of the Premises, comply in the Premises
with all laws, orders, ordinances, regulations and requirements of all
governmental authorities having jurisdiction over Licensor, Licensee, or
the Premises, and upon vacating the Premises, Licensee shall surrender
the same vacant, broom-clean and in good condition and repair.

      6.  Licensee has inspected the Premises, and accepts possession of
the same in its "as-is" condition as of the date hereof, and Licensor
shall have no obligation whatsoever to perform any work or furnish any
materials, or supply any services other than electricity for lighting and
electrical power and elevator service, in connection with Licensee's use 
and occupancy of the Premises.

     7.   In connection with Licensee's obligation to comply with all laws
and ordinances as provided for under Section 5 hereof and Article 6 of
the Provisions, and in addition to any exceptions to Licensee's
compliance obligations which may be contained herein, Licensee shall have
no obligation to cure any violation of, or any condition violative of,
any applicable law or ordinance if such violation or condition arose or
existed prior to Licensee's taking possession of the Premises and such
condition would otherwise be deemed a violation upon (a) its discovery or
(b) the mere passage of time, nor shall Licensee have any obligation to
comply with any law or ordinance applicable because of the use of the 
Premises as a storage facility and not due to the particular manner of
use of the Premises by Licensee.

     8.   The parties hereto hereby acknowledge their mutual understanding
and agreement that (a) this License is granted to Licensee in connection
with, and in respect of, the Lease and (b) this License is intended
solely as an accommodation by Licensor of Licensee's need for temporary 
storage space in the Building.

     9.   Licensor further agrees that, except for Licensor's right to
cancel this License as provided for in Section 12 hereof, Licensor shall
not revoke this License during the License Period unless or until
Licensee shall be in default of any of the terms or conditions of this
License or of the Lease, after notice and the expiration of any
applicable cure period.

    10.   Licensee further agrees that it shall not cause or permit
"Hazardous Materials" (as defined below) to be used, transported, stored,
released, handled, produced or installed in, on or from the Premises or
the Building, except for "Hazardous Materials" (such as paint, and
cleaning and photocopying fluids) that are customarily utilized in the
maintenance and operation of offices, provided such items are used and
stored as may be directed by the manufacturer thereof and in compliance 
with laws and/or the requirements of public authorities.  The term
"Hazardous Materials" shall, for the purposes hereof, mean any flammable,
explosive or radioactive materials; hazardous wastes; hazardous and toxic
substances or related materials; asbestos or any material containing
asbestos or any other such substance or material, as defined by any
federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule or regulation, including,
without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation
<PAGE>
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended; the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Act, as amended; the Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act, as amended; and in the regulations adopted and publications
promulgated pursuant to each of the foregoing.  In the event of breach
of the provisions of this Section 10, Licensor shall, in addition to all
of its rights and remedies under this License, or the Lease, and pursuant
to law, require Licensee to remove any such Hazardous Materials from the 
Premises or the Building in the manner prescribed for such removal by all
requirements of law.  The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the
expiration or sooner termination of this License.

    11.   At any time during the License Period, Licensee may cancel this
License effective as of the last day of a calendar month by giving
Licensor not less than thirty (30) day's prior written notice of such
cancellation, and upon the expiration of said thirty (30) days, the term
of this License shall end as fully and completely as if such date were
originally fixed herein for the expiration of said term.

    12.  At any time after the first twelve (12) months of the License
Period, Licensor may cancel this License effective as of the last day of
a calendar month by giving Licensee not less than thirty (30) days' prior
written notice of such cancellation, and upon the expiration of said
thirty (30) days, the term of this License shall end as fully and
completely as if such date were originally fixed herein for the
expiration of said term.

    13.   Licensor and Licensee hereby covenant, warrant and represent
that there was no broker or finder instrumental in consummating this 
License.

    14.   This License is a personal privilege inuring the benefit
only of Licensee and is not assignable by Licensee.

                                Very truly yours,

                                46-47 ASSOCIATES, LICENSOR




                                NAME:  Douglas Durst
                                      -------------------

                                TITLE:  Partner
                                      -------------------

UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, LICENSEE

NAME:  Frederick S. Wonham
      ---------------------

TITLE:  Vice Chairman
      ---------------------
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.15
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT 10.15


       Amendments to the Annual Incentive Plan of the Corporation
         Adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on
                 November 17, 1994, and December 13, 1994


November 17, 1994
- -----------------

Resolved, that this Board hereby approves management's recommendations
for the treatment of employee benefits in connection with the proposed
Restructuring, as described in the memorandum of Patricia W. McGuire
dated November 17, 1994 and the summary attached thereto, copies of
which are attached to the minutes of this meeting;

Resolved, that the appropriate officers of the Corporation and the Trust
Company are hereby authorized and directed (A) to prepare such documents
for the amendment or adoption, or for the transfer and assumption, of
the plans or programs referred to in the aforementioned memorandum of
Mrs. McGuire, and to make such conforming amendments to other plans, as
may be necessary to implement the foregoing resolution and the
transactions provided for or contemplated under the terms of the
Distribution Agreement, Contribution Agreement and Merger Agreement, (B)
to submit such documents to the Board of Directors of the Corporation,
the Board of Trustees of the Trust Company, the Board of Directors of
New Holdings, and/or the Board of Trustees of New Trustco, as
appropriate, for their approval prior to the consummation of the Merger
in accordance with the Merger Agreement, and (C) to execute such
documents and take such other actions as may be necessary to carry out
the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions.




















                                   -1-
u.s. trust
memorandum




to:      Board of Directors and Board of Trustees

from:    Patricia W. McGuire

date:    November 17, 1994

re:      Treatment of Employee Benefits in Proposed Transaction


Attached is a summary of management's recommendations for handling
employee benefits in connection with the proposed Transaction with
Chase.  Management requests that these recommendations be approved by
the Boards of Directors and Trustees at their special meeting to be held
on November 17, 1994.

All of the recommendations reflected in the summary were previously
submitted to and approved in principle by the Compensation and Benefits
Committee at its meeting on October 25, 1994, except for the following:

      ...Old AIP participants who terminated before 1993 will get a 10%
account balance increase if they agree to be cashed out in 1994.


























                                   -2-
December 13, 1994
- -----------------

Resolved, that the Annual Incentive Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation is
hereby amended effective December 13, 1994 by adding to the end of
Section 6 of the plan the following new paragraph;

          "Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary contained
in this Section 6, for the purpose of crediting interest to the accounts
of Participants for the fiscal year 1994, the Corporation's R.O.E. for
such year shall be deemed to be 20%."









































                                   -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.17
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT 10.17


       Amendment to the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of the Trust
       Company and Affiliated Companies Adopted by the Board of
           Directors of the Corporation on December 13, 1994


Resolved, that this Board hereby approves management's recommendation
for discontinuing the award of Benefit Equalization Units under the 1989
Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation (the "1989 Stock
Plan") as described in the memorandum of Patricia W. McGuire dated
December 13, 1994, a copy of which is attached to the minutes of this
meeting;

Resolved, that the appropriate officers of the Corporation and the Trust
Company are hereby authorized and directed (A) to prepare such documents
for the amendment of the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan and the Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation, and to make such
conforming amendments to the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of United States
Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies and other plans, as
may be necessary to implement the foregoing resolution, (B) to submit
such documents to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the
Board of Trustees of the Trust Company, as appropriate, for their
approval, and (C) to execute such other documents and take such other
actions as may be necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of the
foregoing resolution.

























                                   -1-
u.s. trust
memorandum




to:      Board of Directors and Board of Trustees

from:    Patricia W. McGuire, ext. 1401

date:    December 13, 1994

re:      Proposed Changes in Executive Benefit Plans


At the meetings of the Boards of Directors and Trustees to be held on
December 13, 1994, management will ask the Boards to approve three
changes affecting U.S. Trust's benefit plans.  These changes are
described below.

1.   Discontinuance of BEU Awards.

The 1993 Tax Act reduces the amount of compensation that can be taken
into account in making contributions to U.S. Trust's ESOP, to $150,000
starting in 1994.  This will increase the number of Benefit Equalization
Units ("BEU's") that must be awarded to officers under the 1989 Stock
Compensation Plan to "make up" for their reduced ESOP contributions.

Management believes it would be desirable, in order to lessen the
dilutive effect on U.S. Trust shares, for benefits replacing "lost" ESOP
contributions to be provided in the form of cash amounts, rather than in
stock.  Accordingly, management recommends that the award of BEU's be
discontinued effective with the ESOP contributions to be made for 1994,
and that an officer's "excess" ESOP contribution (i.e., the portion that
exceeds the amount permissible as a contribution under the tax law
limits) be provided, instead, by means of a credit to the officer's
account under U.S. Trust's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan....
















                                   -2-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.19
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT 10.19


             Amendment to the Long-Term Performance Plan of
            the Corporation Adopted by the Board of Directors
                 of the Corporation on December 13, 1994


Resolved, that the Long-Term Performance Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation is hereby amended effective December 13, 1994 by
adding to the end of Section 7F of the plan the following new
paragraph:

"Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this
Section 7F, for the purpose of crediting interest to the R.O.E.
Balance of the Interest Portion of Participants' Accounts for the
fiscal year 1994, the Corporation's R.O.E. for such year shall be
deemed to be 20%."





























                                   -1-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.22
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT 10.22


           Amendment to the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of
           the Corporation Adopted by the Board of Directors
                of the Corporation on December 13, 1994


Resolved, that this Board hereby approves management's recommendation
for discontinuing the award of Benefit Equalization Units under the 1989
Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation (the "1989 Stock
Plan") as described in the memorandum of Patricia W. McGuire dated
December 13, 1994, a copy of which is attached to the minutes of this
meeting;

Resolved, that the appropriate officers of the Corporation and the Trust
Company are hereby authorized and directed (A) to prepare such documents
for the amendment of the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan and the Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation, and to make such
conforming amendments to the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of United States
Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies and other plans, as
may be necessary to implement the foregoing resolution, (B) to submit
such documents to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the
Board of Trustees of the Trust Company, as appropriate, for their
approval, and (C) to execute such other documents and take such other
actions as may be necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of the
foregoing resolution.

























                                   -1-
u.s. trust
memorandum




to:      Board of Directors and Board of Trustees

from:    Patricia W. McGuire, ext. 1401

date:    December 13, 1994

re:      Proposed Changes in Executive Benefit Plans


At the meetings of the Boards of Directors and Trustees to be held on
December 13, 1994, management will ask the Boards to approve three
changes affecting U.S. Trust's benefit plans.  These changes are
described below.

1.   Discontinuance of BEU Awards.

The 1993 Tax Act reduces the amount of compensation that can be taken
into account in making contributions to U.S. Trust's ESOP, to $150,000
starting in 1994.  This will increase the number of Benefit Equalization
Units ("BEU's") that must be awarded to officers under the 1989 Stock
Compensation Plan to "make up" for their reduced ESOP contributions.

Management believes it would be desirable, in order to lessen the
dilutive effect on U.S. Trust shares, for benefits replacing "lost" ESOP
contributions to be provided in the form of cash amounts, rather than in
stock.  Accordingly, management recommends that the award of BEU's be
discontinued effective with the ESOP contributions to be made for 1994,
and that an officer's "excess" ESOP contribution (i.e., the portion that
exceeds the amount permissible as a contribution under the tax law
limits) be provided, instead, by means of a credit to the officer's
account under U.S. Trust's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan....
















                                   -2-
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.23
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT 10.23

                        BENEFIT EQUALIZATION PLAN
                                    OF
                          U.S. TRUST CORPORATION

                         As Amended and Restated
                     effective as of October 25, 1994

                                  ______


1.  Purpose.  

     The purpose of this Plan is to provide members of the Employees'
Retirement Plan of United States Trust Company of New York and
Affiliated Companies, and their surviving spouses, with benefits that
would have been payable to them under such plan but for the limitations
placed on benefits payable under such plan by sections 401(a)(17) and
415 of the Code.

     The Plan is intended to constitute an "excess benefit plan", as
that term is defined in section 3(36) of ERISA, to the extent that the
Plan provides benefits equal to any reduction in benefits under the
Retirement Plan attributable solely to the limitations imposed by
section 415 of the Code.  The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded
plan of deferred compensation for "a select group of management or
highly compensated employees", within the meaning of sections 201(2),
301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA, to the extent that the Plan provides
any other benefits.

     The Plan, as hereinafter set forth, represents a continuation of
the Benefit Equalization Plan of United States Trust Company of New York
and Affiliated Companies, which was amended, restated and renamed
effective as of January 1, 1994 to reflect (a) the adoption of the Plan
by U.S. Trust Corporation as its own Plan and the Corporation's
assumption of, and becoming solely responsible for, all liabilities and
obligations of United States Trust Company of New York under the Plan,
and (b) changes in certain other provisions of the Plan.


2.  Definitions. 

     When used herein, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

     "Affiliated Companies" means United States Trust Company of New
York and each other direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation.




                                   -1-
     "Benefit Limitations" means (i) the limitation imposed by section
401(a)(17) of the Code on the amount of an Eligible Employee's annual
compensation that may be taken into account in computing the Eligible
Employee's pension benefit under the Retirement Plan and (ii) the
limitations imposed by section 415 of the Code on the amount of the
pension benefit payable to an Eligible Employee under the Retirement
Plan.

     "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the U.S. Trust
Corporation.

     "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
time to time.

     "Committee" means the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the
Board of Directors.

     "Corporation" means U.S. Trust Corporation.

     "Earliest Payment Date" means (i) the date as of which payment of
an Eligible Employee's Pension under the Retirement Plan commences, or
(ii) if earlier, the earliest date as of which the Eligible Employee
could elect, under the Retirement Plan, to have payment of his or her
Pension commence.

     "Eligible Employee" means any Employee who becomes entitled to
receive a Pension pursuant to Article 5 or Article 6 of the Retirement
Plan, the amount of which is less than the amount of the Pension he or
she would be entitled to receive if the Employee's Pension were
calculated without regard to the Benefit Limitations.

     "Eligible Spouse" means the surviving spouse of a deceased Employee
who, upon such Employee's death, becomes entitled to receive a Spouse's
Preretirement Survivorship Pension pursuant to Section 8.7 of the
Retirement Plan, the amount of which is less than the amount of the
Spouse's Preretirement Survivorship Pension he or she would be entitled
to receive if the Pension that the deceased Employee would have been
entitled to receive had he or she not died were calculated without
regard to the Benefit Limitations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
surviving spouse of a deceased Employee shall not be treated as an
Eligible Spouse for purposes of this Plan if payment of an Excess
Pension Benefit to such deceased Employee had commenced prior to his or
her death.

     "Employee" means any person employed, or formerly employed, by the
Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies that participates in the
Retirement Plan.





                                   -2-
     "Equivalent Actuarial Value" shall have the same meaning as is
assigned to such term under the Retirement Plan for purposes of
converting a life annuity to a 50% joint and survivor annuity.

     "Joint and Survivor Pension" means a monthly annuity payable to an
Eligible Employee during his lifetime, with a monthly survivor's annuity
payable after the death of such Eligible Employee to his spouse on his
Payment Starting Date who survives him for such spouse's life
(regardless of such spouse's remarriage after his death) in the amount
of 50% of the monthly annuity paid to the Eligible Employee prior to his
death.

     "Payment Starting Date" means the first day of the month coinciding
with or next following the later of (i) the date of the Eligible
Employee's Termination of Employment, or (ii) the Eligible Employee's
Earliest Payment Date.

     "Plan" means the Benefit Equalization Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation as set forth herein and as amended and restated from time to
time.

     "Retirement Plan" means the Employees' Retirement Plan of United
States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies, as amended
and restated from time to time.

     "Termination of Employment" means the termination of an Employee's
employment with the Corporation and all of its Affiliated Companies.

     Each other capitalized term used herein, not otherwise defined,
shall have the meaning given to such term under the Retirement Plan.


3.  Excess Pension Benefit.  

     Upon an Eligible Employee's Termination of Employment for any
reason other than death, the Eligible Employee shall be entitled to
receive an Excess Pension Benefit under this Plan.

     The Excess Pension Benefit shall be a Pension which is equal to the
excess of (i) the Pension that would be payable to the Eligible Employee
under the Retirement Plan in the form of a single life annuity if
payment thereof were to commence on the Eligible Employee's Payment
Starting Date, calculated without regard to the Benefit Limitations,
over (ii) the Pension that would be payable to the Eligible Employee
under the Retirement Plan in the form of a single life annuity if
payment thereof were to commence on the Eligible Employee's Payment
Starting Date, calculated by taking into account the Benefit
Limitations.




                                   -3-
     The Excess Pension Benefit shall be payable on a monthly basis, and
each payment thereof shall be due on the first day of the month.  In the
case of an Eligible Employee who is not married on his Payment Starting
Date, the Excess Pension Benefit shall be payable in the form of a
single life annuity.  In the case of an Eligible Employee who is married
on his Payment Starting Date, the Excess Pension Benefit shall be
payable in the form of a Joint and Survivor Pension which shall be of
Equivalent Actuarial Value to the Excess Pension Benefit payable in the
form of a single life annuity.

     Payment of the Excess Pension Benefit to the Eligible Employee
shall commence as of his Payment Starting Date, and shall terminate with
the payment due for the month in which he dies.  Payment of a survivor's
annuity under the Excess Pension Benefit to the Eligible Employee's
surviving spouse shall commence on the first day of the month following
the date of the Eligible Employee's death, and shall terminate with the
payment due for the month in which the surviving spouse dies.


4.  Excess Survivorship Pension Benefit.  

     Upon the death of an Employee, the Employee's Eligible Spouse shall
be entitled to receive an Excess Survivorship Pension Benefit under this
Plan.

     The Excess Survivorship Pension Benefit shall be a Pension which is
equal to the excess of (i) the Spouse's Preretirement Survivorship
Pension that would be payable to the Eligible Spouse under the
Retirement Plan if payment thereof were to commence on the first day of
the month following the date of the Employee's death, calculated without
regard to the Benefit Limitations, over (ii) the Spouse's Preretirement
Survivorship Pension that would be payable to the Eligible Spouse under
the Retirement Plan if payment thereof were to commence on the first day
of the month following the date of the Employee's death, calculated by
taking into account the Benefit Limitations.

     The Excess Survivorship Pension Benefit shall be payable in the
form of a single life annuity.  Payments shall be made on a monthly
basis, and shall be due on the first day of the month.  Payment of the
Excess Survivorship Pension Benefit to the Eligible Spouse shall
commence as of the first day of the month following the date of the
Employee's death, and shall terminate with the payment due for the month
in which the surviving spouse dies.









                                   -4-
5.  Source of Payment.  

     All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general
assets of the Corporation, and no special or separate fund shall be
established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure such
payments.  Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant
to the provisions of the Plan, shall create or be construed to create a
trust of any kind, or as creating in any Eligible Employee or any other
person any right, title or beneficial ownership interest in or to any
assets of the Corporation.  The Plan constitutes a mere promise by the
Corporation to make benefit payments in the future.  It is the intention
of the Corporation that the Plan be treated as unfunded for Federal
income tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA.  To the extent
that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the
Corporation under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the
right of any unsecured general creditor of the Corporation.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may establish a
bookkeeping reserve to reflect its obligations hereunder, or may
establish a "grantor" trust, within the meaning of sections 671 through
679 of the Code, to assist it in making the payments provided for
hereunder; provided, however, that any bookkeeping reserve, and the
assets of any trust, so established shall not be deemed to constitute
assets of this Plan, and the assets of any trust so established shall at
all times prior to payment to Eligible Employees and Eligible Spouses
remain a part of the general assets of the Corporation and subject to
the claims of the Corporation's general creditors.


6.  Administration of the Plan.  

     The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall have
full power and authority to interpret and construe the Plan, to make all
determinations considered necessary or advisable for the administration
of the Plan and the calculation of the amount of benefits payable
thereunder, and to review claims for benefits under the Plan.  The
Committee's interpretations and constructions of the Plan and its
decisions or actions thereunder shall be binding and conclusive on all
persons for all purposes.

     No member of the Committee shall be personally liable by reason of
any contract or other instrument executed by such member or on his or
her behalf in his or her capacity as a member of the Committee nor for
any mistake of judgment made in good faith, and the Corporation shall
indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee and each other
employee, officer, or director or trustee of the Corporation or any of
its Affiliated Companies to whom any duty or power relating to the
administration or interpretation of the Plan may be allocated or




                                   -5-
delegated, against any cost or expense (including counsel fees) or
liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the
approval of the Board of Directors) arising out of any act or omission
to act in connection with the Plan unless arising out of such person's
own fraud or bad faith.


7.  Amendment and Termination.  

     The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated, with prospective
or retroactive effect, in whole or in part, by the Board of Directors
without the consent of any Employee or any other person.  The Committee
may adopt any amendment that may be necessary or appropriate to
facilitate the administration, management and interpretation of the Plan
or to conform the Plan thereto, provided any such amendment does not
have a material effect on the currently estimated cost to the
Corporation of maintaining the Plan.  No such amendment, suspension or
termination shall retroactively impair or otherwise adversely affect the
rights of any Employee or other person to benefits under the Plan that
have accrued prior to the date of such action as determined by the
Committee in its sole discretion.

     Notwithstanding the above, and notwithstanding any other provision
in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee may direct that no benefit
attributable to the application under the Retirement Plan of the Benefit
Limitation described in clause (i) of the definition of the term
"Benefit Limitations" be paid with respect to an Eligible Employee if
the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines that the payment of
such benefit would jeopardize the Plan's status as a plan of deferred
compensation for "a select group of management or highly compensated
employees" within the meaning of the applicable provisions of ERISA with
respect to such benefits.


8.  General Provisions.  

     The following additional provisions shall be applicable with
respect to the Plan.

     (a)  The Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Corporation and its successors and assigns, and Eligible Employees,
Eligible Spouses, and their estates.  The Plan shall also be binding
upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to
substantially all of the assets and business of the Corporation, but
nothing in the Plan shall preclude the Corporation from merging or
consolidating into or with, or transferring all or substantially all of
its assets to, another corporation or organization that assumes the Plan
and all obligations of the Corporation hereunder.  The Corporation




                                   -6-
agrees that it will make appropriate provision for the preservation of
Employees' rights under the Plan in any agreement or plan that it may
enter into to effect any merger, consolidation, reorganization or
transfer of assets.  Upon such a merger, consolidation, reorganization,
or transfer of assets and assumption, the term "Corporation" shall refer
to such other corporation or organization and the Plan shall continue in
full force and effect.

     (b)  Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be
construed as giving to any Employee the right to be retained in the
employ of the Corporation or any of its Affiliated Companies or as
affecting the right of the Corporation or any of its Affiliated
Companies to dismiss any Employee.

     (c)  The Corporation shall withhold from all benefits otherwise
payable under the Plan all Federal, state, local or other taxes required
pursuant to law to be withheld with respect to such payments.

     (d)  The rights or interests of any Eligible Employee under the
Plan shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation,
sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment, or
garnishment by creditors or beneficiaries of such person.

     (e)  If the Committee shall find that any person to whom any amount
is payable under the Plan is unable to care for his or her affairs
because of illness, accident or legal incapacity, then, if the Committee
so directs, any payment due to such person may be paid to such person's
spouse, child or other relative, an institution maintaining or having
custody of such person, or any other person deemed by the Committee to
be a proper recipient on behalf of such person, unless a prior claim for
payment of such amount has been made by a duly appointed legal
representative of such person.  Any such payment shall be a complete
discharge of the liability of the Corporation therefor.

     (f)  The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of New
York from time to time in effect.
















                                   -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.27
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT 10.27


          Amendments to the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of
          the Corporation Adopted by the Board of Directors of the
           Corporation on December 13, 1994, and January 24, 1995


December 13, 1994
- -----------------

Resolved, that this Board hereby approves management's recommendation
for discontinuing the award of Benefit Equalization Units under the 1989
Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation (the "1989 Stock
Plan") as described in the memorandum of Patricia W. McGuire dated
December 13, 1994, a copy of which is attached to the minutes of this
meeting;

Resolved, that the appropriate officers of the Corporation and the Trust
Company are hereby authorized and directed (A) to prepare such documents
for the amendment of the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan and the Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation, and to make such
conforming amendments to the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of United States
Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies and other plans, as
may be necessary to implement the foregoing resolution, (B) to submit
such documents to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and the
Board of Trustees of the Trust Company, as appropriate, for their
approval, and (C) to execute such other documents and take such other
actions as may be necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of the
foregoing resolution.






















                                   -1-
u.s. trust
memorandum




to:      Board of Directors and Board of Trustees

from:    Patricia W. McGuire, ext. 1401

date:    December 13, 1994

re:      Proposed Changes in Executive Benefit Plans


At the meetings of the Boards of Directors and Trustees to be held on
December 13, 1994, management will ask the Boards to approve three
changes affecting U.S. Trust's benefit plans.  These changes are
described below.

1.   Discontinuance of BEU Awards.

The 1993 Tax Act reduces the amount of compensation that can be taken
into account in making contributions to U.S. Trust's ESOP, to $150,000
starting in 1994.  This will increase the number of Benefit Equalization
Units ("BEU's") that must be awarded to officers under the 1989 Stock
Compensation Plan to "make up" for their reduced ESOP contributions.

Management believes it would be desirable, in order to lessen the
dilutive effect on U.S. Trust shares, for benefits replacing "lost" ESOP
contributions to be provided in the form of cash amounts, rather than in
stock.  Accordingly, management recommends that the award of BEU's be
discontinued effective with the ESOP contributions to be made for 1994,
and that an officer's "excess" ESOP contribution (i.e., the portion that
exceeds the amount permissible as a contribution under the tax law
limits) be provided, instead, by means of a credit to the officer's
account under U.S. Trust's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan....
















                                   -2-
January 24, 1995
- ----------------


Resolved, that this Board hereby approves management's recommendations
for changes in U.S. Trust's benefit plans, as described in the
memorandum of Patricia W. McGuire dated January 24, 1995, a copy of
which is attached to the minutes of this meeting;

Resolved, that the appropriate officers of the Corporation and the Trust
Company are hereby authorized and directed (A) to prepare such documents
for the amendment of the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation, the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation, the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of United States Trust
Company of New York and Affiliated Companies, and the Incentive Award
Plan of United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies
and to make such conforming amendments to other plans, as may be
necessary to implement the foregoing resolution, (B) to submit such
documents to the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and/or the Board
of Trustees of the Trust Company, as appropriate, for their approval,
and (C) to execute such other documents and take such other actions as
may be necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of the foregoing
resolution.





























                                   -3-
u.s. trust
memorandum




to:      Compensation & Benefits Committee

from:    Patricia W. McGuire

date:    January 24, 1995

re:      Proposed Changes in Executive Benefit Plans


At the meetings of the Boards of Directors and the Board of Trustees to
be held on January 24, 1995, management will ask the Boards to approve
various changes affecting U.S. Trust's benefit plans.  These changes are
described below....

     6.  New Payment Option for EDCP.
         ---------------------------

     Management proposes that the EDCP be amended to permit participants
whose account balances become payable at retirement to elect a new
distribution option designed to qualify their Plan payments for
exclusion from NYS income tax if they will be nonresidents of New York
after retirement.  Under this new option, a participant's account
balances will be paid out in 15 annual installments, with interest
credited on the unpaid balance at a fixed rate equal to the monthly
average constant maturity yield for a 10-year maturity on U.S. Treasury
securities, for the month preceding the start of the participant's
payments.

     An election for the new payment option will have to be made at
least 12 months before the participant's retirement date, except that
1995 retirees may elect the new payment option at any time prior to the
March stockholders meeting....















                                   -4-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
                               EXHIBIT 11
                        U. S. TRUST CORPORATION
                  COMPUTATION OF NET INCOME PER SHARE

                                                                            1994         1993         1992
                                                                            ----         ----         ----   
<S>                                                                  <C>          <C>          <C> 
PRIMARY NET INCOME PER SHARE:
Net Income  ......................................................   $20,967,000  $42,267,000  $28,751,000
Plus Dividend Equivalent on Deferred Long-Term Performance
  Plan Awards (After-Tax)  .......................................       308,000      213,000            -
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Net Income Before the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................    21,275,000   42,480,000   28,751,000
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes (1)  .....................             -            -    7,780,000
Restructuring Charges (2)  .......................................    27,934,000            -            -
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Net Income After the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................   $49,209,000  $42,480,000  $36,531,000
                                                                     ===========  ===========  ===========

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding  ............     9,381,033    9,344,026    9,192,644
Add average shares issuable under stock option and
  variable stock award plans  ....................................       638,559      624,007      505,343
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
     Total Common and Common Equivalent Shares  ..................    10,019,592    9,968,033    9,697,987
                                                                     ===========  ===========  ===========

Net Income Per Share:
Net Income Before the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................        $ 4.91       $ 4.26       $ 3.76
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes (1)  .....................             -            -         (.80)
Restructuring Charges (2)  .......................................         (2.79)           -            -
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Net Income After the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................        $ 2.12       $ 4.26       $ 2.96
                                                                     ===========  ===========  ===========

(1) In 1992, the Corporation adopted, retroactive to January 1,  1992, Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," and Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".  As a result of adopting these
standards, a one-time, non-cash net after tax charge of $7.8 million was incurred.

(2) Reflects charges incurred in connection with the pending sale of the Corporation's Processing Business
to The Chase Manhattan Corporation which are included in the Corporation's results of operations.  For
further information on the sale, see the Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated February 9, 1995 for a special
meeting of shareholders of the Corporation to be held on March 22, 1995, filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1  which
is incorporated by reference herein.
</TABLE>
                                   -1-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
COMPUTATION OF NET INCOME PER SHARE (CONTINUED)
                                                                            1994         1993         1992
                                                                            ----         ----         ----
<S>                                                                  <C>          <C>          <C>        
FULLY DILUTED NET INCOME PER SHARE:
Net Income  ......................................................   $20,967,000  $42,267,000  $28,751,000
Plus Dividend Equivalent on Deferred Long-Term Performance
  Plan Awards (After-Tax)  .......................................       308,000      213,000            -
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Net Income Before the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................    21,275,000   42,480,000   28,751,000
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes (1)  .....................             -            -    7,780,000
Restructuring Charges (2)  .......................................    27,934,000            -            -
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Net Income After the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................   $49,209,000  $42,480,000  $36,531,000
                                                                     ===========  ===========  ===========

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding  ............     9,381,033    9,344,026    9,192,644
Add maximum dilutive impact of average shares issuable
  under stock option and variable stock award plans (3)  .........       817,268      650,565      575,855
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
     Total Dilutive Shares  ......................................    10,198,301    9,994,591    9,768,499
                                                                     ===========  ===========  ===========
Net Income Per Share:
Net Income Before the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................        $ 4.83       $ 4.25       $ 3.74
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes (1)  .....................             -            -         (.80)
Restructuring Charges (2)  .......................................         (2.74)           -           -
                                                                     -----------  -----------  -----------
Net Income After the Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes or Restructuring Charges  ..............................        $ 2.09       $ 4.25       $ 2.94
                                                                     ===========  ===========  ===========

(1) In 1992, the Corporation adopted, retroactive to January 1, 1992, Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," and Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".  As a result of
adopting these standards, a one-time, non-cash net after tax charge of
$7.8 million was incurred.

(2) Reflects charges incurred in connection with the pending sale of the
Corporation's Processing Business to The Chase Manhattan Corporation which
are included in the Corporation's results of operations.  For further
information on the sale, see the Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated February 9,
1995 for a special meeting of shareholders of the Corporation to be held on
March 22, 1995, filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 which is incorporated herein
by reference.

(3) Assumes issuance of the maximum number of shares calculated as follows:
Stock option plans - computed using the period-end market price of the
Corporation's common stock, if it is higher than the average market price used
in calculating primary net income per share.  Variable stock award plans - 
computed assuming the issuance of performance stock awards that have been
accrued but not yet awarded.
</TABLE>
                                  -2-
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
<TABLE>
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
(Dollars in Millions,                                              ------------------------------------------------------
Except Per Share Amounts)*                                           1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>   
Fiduciary and Other Fees.......................................    $295.6      $264.1      $235.8      $204.9      $184.2
Net Interest Income............................................     108.1       116.2       108.9        96.1        89.4
Provision for Credit Losses....................................      (2.0)       (4.0)       (6.0)       (6.0)       (8.4)
Securities Gains (Losses), Net.................................     (42.1)        3.0         2.8         1.6           -
Other Income...................................................      16.7         8.9         6.9         7.1        13.0
                                                                   ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
Total Operating Income Net of Interest Expense
  and Provision for Credit Losses..............................     376.3       388.2       348.4       303.7       278.2
Total Operating Expenses.......................................     341.9       315.5       289.5       254.9       259.7
                                                                   ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
Income From Operations Before Income Taxes and
  Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes......................      34.4        72.7        58.9        48.8        18.5
Income Taxes...................................................      13.4        30.4        22.4        17.4         6.8
                                                                   ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect
  of Accounting Changes........................................      21.0        42.3        36.5        31.4        11.7
Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting for
  Postretirement Benefits and Income Taxes.....................         -           -        (7.8)          -           -
                                                                   ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
Net Income.....................................................    $ 21.0      $ 42.3      $ 28.8      $ 31.4      $ 11.7
                                                                   ======      ======      ======      ======      ======
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income Per Share:
  Primary:
    Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect
      of Accounting Changes....................................    $ 2.12      $ 4.26      $ 3.76      $ 3.32      $ 1.24
    Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting for
      Postretirement Benefits and Income Taxes.................         -           -       (0.80)          -           -
                                                                   ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
    Net Income.................................................    $ 2.12      $ 4.26      $ 2.96      $ 3.32      $ 1.24
                                                                   ======      ======      ======      ======      ======

  Fully Diluted:
    Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect
      of Accounting Changes....................................    $ 2.09      $ 4.25      $ 3.74      $ 3.27      $ 1.23
    Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting for
      Postretirement Benefits and Income Taxes.................         -           -       (0.80)          -           -
                                                                   ------      ------      ------      ------      ------
    Net Income.................................................    $ 2.09      $ 4.25      $ 2.94      $ 3.27      $ 1.23
                                                                   ======      ======      ======      ======      ======
Cash Dividends Declared Per Share..............................    $ 2.00      $ 1.88      $ 1.72      $ 1.60      $ 1.60

Dividends Per Share as a Percentage of:
  Fully Diluted Income From Operations Before Cumulative
    Effect of Accounting Changes Per Share.....................     95.69%      44.24%      45.99%      48.93%     130.08%
  Fully Diluted Net Income Per Share...........................     95.69       44.24       58.50       48.93      130.08

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
At December 31:
  Total Assets.................................................    $3,223      $3,186      $2,951      $2,917      $2,778
  Total Deposits...............................................     2,440       2,487       2,355       2,108       2,040
  Long Term Debt...............................................        61          65          65          69          71
  Stockholders' Equity.........................................       223         229         197         182         166
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As a Percentage of Average Stockholders' Equity:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect
    of Accounting Changes......................................      9.24%      20.47%      18.64%      18.05%       6.75%
  Net Income...................................................      9.24       20.47       15.28       18.05        6.75

As a Percentage of Average Total Assets:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect
    of Accounting Changes......................................      0.53        1.11        1.05        1.09        0.46
  Net Income...................................................      0.53        1.11        0.83        1.09        0.46

As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted Period End Total Assets:
  Tier 1 Capital...............................................     13.52       14.08       13.71       10.81        9.90
  Total Capital................................................     14.79       15.47       15.16       12.03       11.22

Tier 1 Leverage................................................      5.68        5.60        5.78        6.68        6.72

Average Stockholders' Equity as a Percentage of
  Average Total Assets.........................................      5.69        5.43        5.43        6.04        6.77
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Columns may not tally due to roundings.
</TABLE>
























<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



FINANCIAL REVIEW


Overview

The Financial Review should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  The financial information presented in the
Financial Review has been prepared on a basis consistent with the
policies set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  U.S. Trust
Corporation ("the Corporation or Parent") is a financial services company
that provides fee-based asset management, fiduciary and securities
services to affluent individuals and institutions.  The Corporation also
provides private banking services for its clients.
     On November 18, 1994, the Corporation announced that it had entered
into an agreement with The Chase Manhattan Corporation ("Chase") under
which Chase will acquire the Corporation's institutional custody, mutual
funds servicing and unit trust businesses (the "Processing Business") and
certain of the Corporation's back office functions (collectively the
"Chase Acquired Business").  See "Pending Disposition and Merger
Transaction" in this Financial Review and "Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements No. 1" for details.
     The following discussion of the Corporation's results of operations
and financial condition for each of the years ended December 31, 1994,
1993 and 1992 sets forth, where appropriate, relevant information
pertaining to the Chase Acquired Business or the Processing Business and
the Corporation's asset management, private banking, special fiduciary
and corporate trust businesses (the "Core Businesses").
     The Corporation adopted, as of December 31, 1993, Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," ("FAS 115").  See "Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 5" for a discussion of the
impact of the adoption of FAS 115.  The Corporation also adopted, as of
December 31, 1993, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112,
"Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," ("FAS 112") which
did not have a significant impact on the results of operations or
financial condition of the Corporation.
     In 1992, the Corporation adopted, retroactive to January 1, 1992,
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," ("FAS 106")
and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes," ("FAS 109").  As a result of adopting these two accounting
standards, a one-time, non-cash net after tax charge of $7.8 million was
incurred.  The following discussion of the Corporation's earnings
excludes the impact of this one-time net charge.  For further discussion
of FAS 106 and FAS 109, see "Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements Nos. 10 and 17."



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Significant Events and Developments

o    The Corporation earned $21.0 million in 1994, compared to $42.3
     million in 1993, a decrease of 50.4%.  Fully diluted net income per
     share was $2.09 compared to $4.25 in 1993.  The Corporation has
     incurred charges of $27.9 million (after taxes) in the fourth
     quarter of 1994 associated with the pending transaction with Chase. 
     Excluding the $27.9 million of charges, 1994 net income would have
     been $48.9 million, or $4.83 on a fully diluted per share basis.

o    The return on average stockholders' equity was 9.24% compared to
     20.47% for 1993.  The Corporation's return on average
     stockholders' equity would have been 21.27% if the aforementioned
     $27.9 million of charges are excluded.

o    The Corporation's Tier 1 Capital ratio, based on period end risk-
     adjusted assets was 13.52% at December 31, 1994, compared to
     14.08% at December 31, 1993.


Pending Disposition and Merger Transaction

The Corporation and Chase have entered into an agreement under which
Chase will acquire the Corporation's institutional custody, mutual funds
servicing and unit trust businesses (the "Processing Business") and
certain of the Corporation's back office operations (collectively the
"Chase Acquired Business") for $363.5 million in Chase common stock.  The
transaction, which is subject to bank regulatory approvals, U.S. Trust
shareholder approval and a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service regarding its tax-free status, is expected to be consummated
during the second quarter of 1995.
     Structurally, the transaction will consist of the following two
general steps.  First, the Corporation will spin off to its shareholders
the assets not included in the Chase Acquired Business by establishing a
new corporation ("New USTC") to hold such assets and distributing its
shares to the shareholders of the Corporation on a one-for-one basis (the
"Disposition").  Second, the Corporation, which will then include only
the assets and liabilities of the Chase Acquired Business, will be merged
into Chase (the "Merger") and the shareholders of the Corporation will
receive shares of Chase common stock, based upon an exchange formula set
forth in the agreement, on a pro-rata basis.  The exchange formula
stipulates that the exchange ratio will be calculated by dividing the
purchase price of $363.5 million by the average of the daily average of
the high and low sales prices of Chase common stock for the ten trading
days immediately before the closing date.  The exchange formula also
establishes a floor market value for Chase common stock of $31 per share. 
Therefore, the maximum number of Chase common shares that will be issued
in this transaction is 11,725,806 shares even if the market value of
Chase common stock should fall below $31 per share.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     As part of the agreement, Chase will provide securities processing,
custodial, data processing and other services to New USTC under the five
year term of the servicing agreement at an annual base fee of 
$10 million.  The servicing agreement may be extended an additional two
to five years beyond its initial term.
     The Processing Business accounted for approximately 35.9% of the
Corporation's total revenues, on a taxable equivalent basis, and
approximately 33.1% of profit contribution (defined as taxable equivalent
operating income excluding corporate overhead and income taxes) for the
year ended December 31, 1994, compared to 38.4% of total revenue and
37.3% of profit contribution in 1993, and 39.9% of total revenue and
43.9% of profit contribution in 1992.  Total revenue and profit
contribution for the 1994 period exclude the gain realized from the sale
of Financial Technologies International L.P. and the losses on the sales
of securities related to the pending sale of the Processing Business (see
"Securities Transactions and Other Income" in this Financial Review for
additional information).  The reduction in the Processing Business's
contribution to total revenue and profit contribution primarily reflects
a reduction in the amount of net interest income credited to the
Processing Business as a result of the decline in non-interest-bearing
sources of funds ("investable balances").  For the year ended 
December 31, 1994, average investable balances were $1.2 billion, a
decline of $187 million from the comparable 1993 period.  Substantially
all of the reduction in the average balance of investable balances was
attributable to the unit investment trust business ("UIT").  The level of
UIT investable balances is impacted by the volume of bonds held by trusts
that are called and refunded, which typically declines in periods of
rising interest rates.  See "Net Interest Income" in this Financial
Review for further discussion of investable balances.
     The Corporation expects to incur charges of up to $110 million
(after-tax) associated with various downsizing costs and other expenses
related to the transaction.  The Corporation has charged $50.2 million
($27.9 million after tax) of securities losses and professional fees
related to the transaction in the fourth quarter 1994 operating results.
See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 1" for additional
information.













<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Fee Revenue
<TABLE>
                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                 ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         % Change
                                                                                    -------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                             1994       1993       1992       94-93   93-92
                                                 --------   --------   --------     -----   -----
<S>                                              <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>     <C>
Fiduciary and Other Fees:
  Core Businesses:
     Asset Management                            $171,220   $152,362   $131,188     12.4 %  16.1%
     Corporate Trust and Agency                    21,641     18,775     16,916     15.3    11.0
                                                 --------   --------   --------
          Total Core Businesses                   192,861    171,137    148,104     12.7    15.6
                                                 --------   --------   --------
  Processing Business:
     Funds Services                                75,527     68,196     63,412     10.7     7.5
     Institutional Asset Services                  27,177     24,742     24,308      9.8     1.8
                                                 --------   --------   --------
          Total Processing Business               102,704     92,938     87,720     10.5     5.9
                                                 --------   --------   --------
Total Fiduciary and Other Fees                   $295,565   $264,075   $235,824     11.9 %  12.0%
                                                 --------   --------   --------     ----    ----

Total Fee Revenue as a Percent of Taxable 
  Equivalent Operating Income, Net of Interest
  Expense and Provision for Credit Losses            69.5%*     67.0%      66.1%
                                                 ========   ========   ========

- ---------------
* The 1994 ratio was calculated by adding to Operating Income, Net of Interest Expense
and Provision for Credit Losses the $44.2 million of security losses related to the 
Disposition and Merger.
</TABLE>

Fiduciary and other fees ("Fee Revenue") are the largest component of
both the Core Businesses and Processing Business revenues. Fee-based
services provide a relatively stable core source of revenues that are
less subject to change in periods of interest rate volatility as compared
to net interest income.  The credit loss experience from fee-based
activities has been and continues to be negligible.
     Fee Revenue is based typically on the market value or par value of
assets under management and administration, the volume of securities
transactions, income collection transactions and other services rendered.
     Most Asset Management Fee Revenue is determined on an incremental
scale so that as the value of a client's portfolio grows in size, the
Corporation receives a smaller percentage of the increasing value as fee
income.  Therefore, market value or other incremental changes in a
portfolio's size do not necessarily have a proportionate impact on the
level of Fee Revenue.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     In 1994, $144.3 million of Asset Management Fee Revenue was related
to the market value of assets held in clients' accounts, compared with
$133.8 million and $119.8 million, respectively, for the years ended
December 31, 1993 and 1992.  The remaining Fee Revenue, principally
derived from corporate trust and agency fees, was related to transaction
- -based services.
     The following table provides details of assets under management and
administration for the last six years.  Unless otherwise noted, asset
values are measured at their estimated fair value.
<TABLE>
                                                                                         Compound
                                                      December 31,                        Growth
                                   ---------------------------------------------------     Rate
(Dollars In Billions)               1994     1993     1992     1991     1990     1989     89-94
                                   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   --------
<S>                                <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
Core Businesses:
Assets Under Management*           $ 33.0   $ 32.2   $ 26.5   $ 21.9   $ 18.1   $ 18.0     12.91%
Personal Custody                      8.2      7.9      6.0      6.8      6.1      4.7     11.79
Corporate and Municipal
  Trusteeships and Agency
  Relationships**                   159.6    152.2    134.6    121.5    109.6    102.3      9.30
                                   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
  Total Assets Under Management
     and Administration for the
     Core Businesses                200.8    192.3    167.1    150.2    133.8    125.0      9.94
                                   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Processing Business:
Custody and Other Non-Managed
  Assets:
  Institutional Services            120.4     97.6     92.9     81.8     81.6     68.0     12.11
  Funds Services***                 103.0    103.3     91.8     84.3     62.4     54.3     13.66
                                   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
  Total Assets Under Management
     and Administration for the
     Processing Business            223.4    200.9    184.7    166.1    144.0    122.3     12.81
                                   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Total Assets Under Management
  and Administration               $424.2   $393.2   $351.8   $316.3   $277.8   $247.3     11.40%
                                   ======   ======   ======   ======   ======   ======     ===== 

- ---------------
  * Includes funds under management for clients of the Processing Business of approximately
    $1.9 billion, $1.9 billion, $1.7 billion, $1.6 billion, $1.0 billion, and $0.9 billion at
    December 31, 1994, 1993, 1992, 1991, 1990 and 1989, respectively.

 ** Includes corporate trust and agency and bond immobilization assets presented at par value.

*** Includes UIT assets presented at par value and mutual fund custody assets presented at fair
    market value.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Assets Under Management

Asset Management Fee Revenue is derived mainly from investment management
and related services to individuals and institutions.  These services
include investment portfolio management, estate and tax planning and
personal custody.  Asset Management Fee Revenue is based primarily on the
market value of the assets in clients' accounts.  In general, Fee Revenue
is influenced by a variety of factors, including growth or decline of
stock and bond market levels, fee increases, revenue from new services,
outflow of assets due to terminating trusts, disbursements, gifts, etc.,
acquisitions, and new business.  The increase in Asset Management Fee
Revenue during 1994 and 1993 is related to higher market values, new
business and acquisitions.  Assets under management as of December 31,
1994 increased by 2.4% from the December 31, 1993 level.

     Asset Management Fee Revenue in 1994 includes a full year of revenue
from U.S. Trust Company of the Pacific Northwest ("Pacific Northwest" -
formerly Capital Trust Company, a trust and investment management firm
acquired on July 7, 1993).  Asset Management Fee Revenue in 1993 includes
six months of Fee Revenue from Pacific Northwest and a full year of Fee
Revenue from Campbell, Cowperthwait & Co., Inc. ("Campbell" - an
investment advisory company acquired in December 1992) and a full year of
Fee Revenue from Delafield, Harvey, Tabell ("Delafield" - an investment
advisory company acquired in April 1992).  Asset Management Fee Revenue
in 1992 includes one month of Fee Revenue from Campbell and nine months
of Fee Revenue from Delafield.  Fee Revenue from Pacific Northwest in
1994 and Fee Revenue from Campbell and Delafield in 1993 and 1992
represent less than 5% of total Asset Management Fee Revenue earned in
the respective years.  Pacific Northwest accounted for 4.8% of total
assets under management at December 31, 1994.  Campbell and Delafield
accounted for 5.6% and 4.0% of total assets under management as of
December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
     The Corporation believes it is well positioned to increase Asset
Management Fee Revenue due to favorable growth rates in the overall
affluent market, expansion into new geographic markets, selective
acquisitions, development of new services, solicitation of new market
segments and new business development.  Increases in Asset Management Fee
Revenue are expected to come from the Corporation's Institutional Asset
Management business, where the Corporation has developed a dedicated
sales force and has expanded the range of investment products it offers. 
Another key strategy for increasing Asset Management Fee Revenue is the
Corporation's recently implemented initiative to broaden the distribution
of its investment products via third parties.
     As noted in the preceding table, assets under management include
assets under management for clients of the Processing Business. 
Substantially all of these assets derive from short-term cash management
account relationships.  The average rate charged for short-term cash
management is significantly less than the average rate charged on the
entire portfolio of assets under management.  These short-term asset
management relationships are expected to leave the Corporation and be
managed by Chase upon the consummation of the Disposition and Merger.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Corporate Trust and Agency

Corporate Trust and Agency ("Corporate Trust") activities include the
indenture trustee business for corporate and municipal debt issues, as
well as complex new types of securities, and the bond immobilization
business.  Corporate Trust Fee Revenue is affected by the volume of new
debt issuances and redemptions at, or in advance of, maturity of existing
issues.  The volume of corporate and municipal trusteeships and agency
relationships (measured by the par value of the outstanding debt)
increased 4.8% in 1994 and 13.1% in 1993.


Assets Under Administration - The Processing Business

Institutional asset services ("IAS") includes master trust and custody
services, securities lending and global custody services to corporate
employee benefit funds, public funds, financial institutions and
endowments and foundations.  IAS Fee Revenue is influenced by the market
value of its accounts and transactional activity.  IAS assets
administered in custody accounts increased 23.4% in 1994 and 5.1% in
1993.
     Funds Services provides custody administration, fund accounting and
administration and transfer agent activities for open and closed-end
mutual funds and custodian, recordkeeping, income collection and
disbursement, and transfer agent services for taxable and tax-exempt unit
investment trusts.  Funds Services assets under administration decreased
by 0.3% in 1994 and increased by 12.5% in 1993.  The 1994 decrease in
assets under administration reflects a normal decline in assets held in
unit investment trusts as the underlying bonds mature and units are
redeemed by the unit holders, almost entirely offset by increases in
mutual fund custody business.  The increase in Funds Services assets
under administration in 1993 is primarily attributable to expanded
business with mutual funds, both open and closed-end.  The par value of
bonds held in custody for unit investment trusts has declined in 1992 and
1993, reflecting accelerated prerefundings and redemptions of municipal
securities underlying unit investment trusts by issuers taking advantage
of decreasing interest rates during the same period.  While this reduced
fee income earned from unit investment trusts in 1993 and 1992, the
redemption activity had also temporarily increased the volume of non
interest bearing deposits reflecting uninvested balances derived from
these accounts.  See "Net Interest Income" in this Financial Review for
an expanded discussion of non-interest-bearing balances derived from the
Processing Business.

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
Securities Transactions and Other Income

                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                 ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         % Change
                                                                                    -------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                             1994       1993       1992       94-93   93-92
                                                 --------   --------   --------     -----   -----
<S>                                              <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>     <C>
Other Income:
Securities Gains (Losses), Net                   $(42,118)  $  3,025   $  2,801        - %   8.0%
Other                                              16,748      8,863      6,939     89.0    27.7
                                                 --------   --------   --------
Total Other Income                               $(25,370)  $ 11,888   $  9,740        - %  22.1%
                                                 ========   ========   ========     ====    ====
</TABLE>
Net securities losses in the fourth quarter of 1994 totaled $44.2 million
($23.3 million after-taxes).  During the 1994 fourth quarter, the
Corporation sold approximately $800 million of long and medium-term U.S.
Government Agency and Treasury Securities.  The sales occurred as a
result of the fundamental change in the Corporation's asset and liability
structure as a result of signing the agreement to sell the Processing
Business to Chase.  The deposit liabilities associated with the
Processing Business were a source of long-term funds which financed
certain of the Corporation's long and medium-term interest earning
investments.  With the anticipated closing date of the transaction
occurring during the second quarter of 1995, the deposit liabilities
become short-term in nature.  As a result, the securities sales were
consummated to substantially effect a rebalancing of the Corporation's
overall asset and liability structure.  During 1994, net securities
losses were $42.1 million compared to a net gain of $3.0 million in 1993.
     The proceeds from the sales were invested in short-term investment
securities and used to reduce short-term borrowings.
     Other Income for 1994 includes $6.4 million ($3.4 million after
- -taxes or $0.36 per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter and $0.33
per fully diluted share for the year) resulting from the sale of the
Corporation's partnership interest in Financial Technologies
International L.P. in the fourth quarter of 1994.
















<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
Net Interest Income (Taxable Equivalent Basis)

                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                                         1994         1993         1992
                                                             --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Interest Income                                              $187,116     $169,600     $173,211
Taxable Equivalent Adjustment                                   4,654        5,810        8,237
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Total Interest Income                                         191,770      175,410      181,448
Interest Expense                                               79,004       53,358       64,323
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Net Interest Income                                          $112,766     $122,052     $117,125
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Percentage Increase (Decrease) from Prior Period                 (7.6)%        4.2%        10.2%
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
Significant influences on the Corporation's net interest income over the
past three years included: the average balance of net non-interest
bearing funds primarily attributable to the non-interest bearing deposits
generated by the Processing Business; a reduction in the average yield on
short-term and variable rate investments and loans; and an increase in
total interest earning assets.
<TABLE>
                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                                   ----------------------------
(Dollars In Millions)                                               1994       1993       1992
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
<S>                                                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Average Volume:
Interest Earning Assets                                            $3,232     $3,086     $2,834
Interest Bearing Liabilities                                        2,032      1,699      1,674
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
Net Interest Earning Assets                                        $1,200     $1,387     $1,160
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
Percentage Increase (Decrease) from Prior Period                    (13.5)%     19.6%      38.0%
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
Non-Interest Bearing Deposits                                      $1,565     $1,761     $1,508
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
Percentage Increase (Decrease) from Prior Period                    (11.1)%     16.8%      47.7%
                                                                   ======     ======     ======

Average Rates (Taxable Equivalent Basis)
Interest Earning Assets:                                             5.93%      5.68%      6.40%
Cost of Funding Interest Earning Assets                              2.44       1.73       2.27
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets                                 3.49%      3.95%      4.13%
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
</TABLE)
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



The net yield on interest earning assets is dependent upon the
Corporation's average level of non-interest bearing funds, the maturity
structure of the Corporation's interest earning assets and interest
bearing liabilities and the general interest rate environment.  If the
average volume of all sources of funds is stable, the net yield will
generally be higher in a rising interest rate environment.  Conversely,
in a declining interest rate environment, the net yield will be lower.
     The volume of the Processing Business's non-interest bearing
deposits, however, is generally inversely related to the level of
interest rates.  Thus, in periods of decreasing interest rates, the
average balance of non-interest bearing deposits derived from the
Processing Business tends to increase, whereas in periods of rising
interest rates, the average balance typically declines.  Interest rates
were low in 1993 and the Processing Business experienced its highest
level of average deposit balances.  Average non-interest bearing
deposits, net of uncollected funds, for the Processing Business amounted
to $776 million in 1994, $983 million in 1993 and $832 million in 1992.
     Temporary inflows of deposits, mainly related to the Processing
Business, are invested in high quality liquid short-term financial
instruments that ensure the Corporation an adequate rate of return, while
maintaining liquidity and credit quality to satisfy the eventual outflow
of the deposits.
     For the year ended December 31, 1994, average interest earning
assets increased by $146 million from the corresponding 1993 period,
consisting primarily of $174 million of private banking loans, offset by
a net decline of $28 million in securities and short-term financial
instruments.  Average interest earning assets increased in 1993 by 
$252 million from the 1992 period consisting primarily of an increase of
$148 million of private banking loans and a net increase of $104 million
in securities and short-term financial instruments.  In 1993, the higher
volume of average interest earning assets was funded mainly by net non
interest bearing funds, derived principally from the Processing Business. 
For the year ended December 31, 1994, the average balance of non-interest
bearing funds derived principally from the Processing Business declined
by $187 million from the corresponding 1993 period.  In 1994, the higher
volume of average interest earning assets was funded primarily by
increases in average interest bearing deposits and short-term borrowings.



Total Revenues

Total revenues, defined as net interest income after the provision for
credit losses, fee income and other income for the Core Businesses and
the Processing Business for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and
1992 are as follows:



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                                         1994         1993         1992
                                                             --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Core Businesses Revenues                                     $270,200     $236,815     $206,029
Processing Business Revenues                                  150,284      151,390      142,423
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Total Revenues                                               $420,484*    $388,205     $348,452
                                                             ========     ========     ========

- ----------------
*  In 1994, Total Revenues exclude the $44.2 million of securities losses incurred in
   anticipation of the sale of the Chase Acquired Business.
</TABLE>
Revenues of the Core Businesses and the Processing Business are allocated
in accordance with the allocation methodologies utilized by the
Corporation's internal management reporting system.  The amount of net
interest income allocated to the respective businesses is based upon the
average net deposit balances supplied by such businesses multiplied by an
appropriate, internally-generated, interest rate.  The interest rate is
based upon the rates earned by the Corporation's long- and short-term
securities for the relevant period.  Fee Revenue is allocated directly to
the businesses performing the service from which the revenue is derived.



Operating Expenses

The following table provides details of operating expenses other than
interest expense and provision for credit losses for the last three
years.
<TABLE>
                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                                         1994         1993         1992
                                                             --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Salaries                                                     $135,415     $120,770     $104,506
Employee Benefits and Incentive Compensation                   72,068       68,383       60,426
Net Occupancy                                                  40,030       40,035       37,420
Equipment                                                      18,371       18,536       18,591
Other                                                          76,051       67,796       68,589
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Total                                                        $341,935     $315,520     $289,532
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Percentage Increase From Prior Period                             8.4%         9.0%        13.6%
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Total Operating Expenses as a Percent of Taxable Equivalent
  Operating Income, Net of Interest Expense and Provision
  for Credit Losses                                              79.0%*       80.1%        81.2%
                                                             ========     ========     ========
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



- ----------------
*  The 1994 ratio has been calculated excluding the impact of $44.2 million of securities losses
   and $6.0 million of professional fees and related costs incurred in connection with the sale of
   the Chase Acquired Business.
</TABLE>

Salaries in 1994 increased 12.1% from 1993 and increased 15.6% in 1993
from 1992.  The increases were due mainly to staff additions in the asset
management business and the mutual funds servicing division within the
Processing Business.  The number of full-time equivalent employees
increased 4.0% to 2,676 at December 31, 1994, compared to 2,574 at
December 31, 1993.  During 1993, the number of full-time equivalent
employees increased 12.1% to 2,574 from 2,296.  Excluding the impact of
the acquisition of Pacific Northwest in 1993, salaries increased by 10.6%
in 1994.  Excluding the impact of the acquisitions of Delafield, Campbell
and Pacific Northwest, salaries increased by 13.3% in 1993.
     Employee benefits and incentive compensation increased 5.4% in 1994
from 1993 and increased 14.7% in 1993 compared with 1992.  These changes
were due primarily to incentive award plans, which are determined based
upon the Corporation's financial performance, adjusted to offset the
impact of nonrecurring charges and credits, as measured by its return on
stockholders' equity, and to other employee benefits whose expense level
is a function of staffing levels.
     In addition to the approximately 1,150 of the Corporation's
employees that will be employed by Chase following the Disposition and
Merger, the Corporation will reduce its staffing levels by approximately
153 employees, which will reduce corporate staff salaries and related
employee benefits and incentive compensation by an estimated 
$12.4 million on an annualized basis.  It is anticipated that these
employees will be terminated by the Closing Date.
     Occupancy charges remained stable in 1994 compared with 1993 and
increased 7.0% in 1993 from the 1992 level.  The increase in 1993
reflects the impact of the asset management acquisitions.  The Chase
Acquired Business includes leased space in the building located in New
York at 770 Broadway and the leased premises of Mutual Funds Service
Company in Boston.  As of the Closing Date, the transfer of those
premises is expected to reduce the occupancy expense of the Corporation
by approximately $11 million on an annualized basis.
     Other expenses in 1994 increased 12.2% compared to 1993, while
decreasing 1.2% in 1993 compared to 1992.  The 1994 increase includes
$6.0 million of professional fees and related costs associated with the
Disposition and Merger.  The 1993 decline is a result, in part, of lower
costs related to real estate acquired in debt restructurings.



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     As part of the Disposition and Merger, Chase will acquire the
Corporation's back office operations.  The Corporation and Chase will
enter into a Services Agreement pursuant to which Chase will furnish
necessary securities processing, custodial, data processing and other
services to the Corporation.  The initial term of the Services Agreement
will be for five years beginning on the Closing Date, with certain
renewal options.  In consideration of the services provided to it under
the Services Agreement, during the initial term, the Corporation will pay
Chase an annual base fee of $10 million, which is significantly less than
the Corporation's estimate of the annual cost of providing such services
to itself.
     Operating expenses applicable to the Core Businesses and the
Processing Business for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
are as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
(Dollars In Thousands)                                         1994         1993         1992
                                                             --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Core Businesses:
  Salaries and Benefits                                      $120,036     $108,481     $ 91,355
  Net Occupancy                                                21,125       18,778       16,996
  Other                                                        52,974       46,143       46,652
                                                             --------     --------     --------
  Subtotal                                                    194,135      173,402      155,003
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Processing Business:
  Salaries and Benefits                                        72,798       61,855       58,021
  Net Occupancy                                                10,616        9,360        8,792
  Other                                                        30,190       31,988       29,152
                                                             --------     --------     --------
  Subtotal                                                    113,604      110,130       95,965
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Corporate Overhead                                             34,196*      31,988       38,564
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          Total Operating Expenses                           $341,935     $315,520     $289,532
                                                             ========     ========     ========

- ----------------
*  Includes $6.0 million of professional fees and related costs incurred in connection with the sale of
   the Chase Acquired Business.
</TABLE>






<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Operating expenses associated with the Core Businesses and Processing
Business are determined by the Company's internal management accounting
information system.  The Company's management accounting practices and
policies have been developed and implemented with the objective of
reflecting the economics of the respective businesses.  Direct costs are
those expenses that can be directly attributable to a specific business
activity.  Direct expenses include actual salaries and benefits of the
employees of the business, net occupancy costs based upon actual space
utilized and furniture and equipment specifically employed by the
business.
     Methodologies have been developed to capture and allocate expenses
that are not directly incurred by the businesses but for which there is a
direct relationship between the level of business activity and the amount
of cost incurred.  The guidelines employ volume or percentage allocation
bases or the activity of other expense or balance sheet accounts.
Indirect costs include computer services, securities clearing and bank
operations services transfer charges which are allocated on the basis of
volume statistics, and systems man month charges.
     Corporate overhead consists of unallocated costs not specifically
attributable to the respective businesses, including financial, legal and
other general purpose corporate expenses.


Income Taxes

The effective tax rates on income before income taxes and cumulative
effect of accounting changes for 1994, 1993 and 1992 were 39.0%, 41.8%
and 38.0%, respectively.  The decline in the effective tax rate in 1994
from 1993 is due to lower state and local income taxes.  The increase in
the 1993 effective tax rate from 1992 is due to the decline in tax-exempt
income as a result of maturities and redemptions of state and municipal
bonds and the impact of the increase in the federal corporate income tax
rate that was retroactive to January 1, 1993.


Financial Condition

Capital and Regulatory Ratios

The Corporation has maintained its strong capital position throughout
1994.  The ratio of Tier 1 capital at December 31, 1994 to period end
risk-adjusted assets (as defined by the Federal Reserve Board) was
13.52%.  The ratio of Total Capital at December 31, 1994 to period end
risk-adjusted assets was 14.79%.  The Tier 1 leverage ratio (Tier 1
capital as of the period end divided by quarterly (3 month) total average
assets) was 5.68%.
     For the year ended December 31 1994, 90,000 shares of common stock
were acquired under the Corporation's share repurchase program at an
average price of $50.81 per share.  For the same period during 1993,
157,500 shares were repurchased at an average cost of $53.88 per share.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     One of the principal purposes of the Corporation's common stock
repurchase program has been to provide a supply of common shares for
issuance under the Corporation's various common stock incentive and
compensation plans.  Such common shares have been acquired through
systematic purchases in the open market in amounts deemed sufficient to
satisfy the Corporation's immediate and near-term (i.e., less than two
years) obligations to issue common shares under its benefit plans. 
During 1994, the Corporation issued 182,500 common shares under its
various stock-based plans.
     The adoption of a stock repurchase program by New USTC following the
Disposition and Merger would be subject to (i) the approval of the New
USTC's Board, (ii) maintaining regulatory capital ratios necessary to
remain "well capitalized", (iii) maintaining appropriate parent company
liquidity, and (iv) existing statutory authority that permits repurchases
of shares in an amount that does not exceed 10% of the parent company's
stockholders' equity at the beginning of the year.


Asset/Liability Management

The principal functions of asset and liability management are to provide
for adequate liquidity, to manage interest rate exposure by maintaining a
prudent relationship between interest sensitive assets and interest
sensitive liabilities, and to manage the size and composition of the
balance sheet so as to maximize net interest income, while complying with
bank regulatory agency capital standards.
     The Corporation's asset mix is predominantly liquid and low-risk,
while its exposure to credit risk from lending activities is well
controlled.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                Years Ended December 31,
Average Balances                                                --------------------------------------------------------
(Percentage)                                                        1994                    1993                    1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>                     <C>                     <C>  
Cash and Due From Banks                                             8.1%                    8.5%                    8.3%
Short-Term Financial Instruments                                    8.2                    14.7                    11.5
Marketable Securities                                              39.6                    37.2                    42.5
                                                                  -----                   -----                   -----
Total Cash, Short-Term Financial Instruments
  and Marketable Securities                                        55.9                    60.4                    62.3
Loans, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses                          32.4                    28.5                    26.8
Other Assets                                                       11.7                    11.1                    10.9
                                                                  -----                   -----                   -----
Total Assets                                                      100.0%                  100.0%                  100.0%
                                                                  =====                   =====                   =====
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



In excess of 55% of average total assets consist of cash and due from
banks, short-term financial instruments and readily marketable
securities.  The securities portfolio is concentrated in investments in
U.S. Government and Federal Agencies securities.  See "Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements No. 5" for additional details
concerning securities.
     The loan portfolio is currently the second largest category of
average total assets, compared to most other banking institutions where
the loan portfolio is the largest component of interest earning assets. 
The Corporation's loan portfolio is comprised primarily of loans to
private banking customers.  Average loans increased $212.2 million, or
19.4%, to $1,307.9 million at December 31, 1994, from $1,095.7 million in
1993.  Residential real estate mortgages accounted for approximately 65%
of the increase in the portfolio.  Average private banking loans, which
comprise approximately 89% of total loans outstanding, grew by 
$174.5 million, or 17.7% from 1993.  In excess of 68% of average private
banking loans are secured by residential mortgages.  Average loans
increased by 16.4% in 1993, with average private banking loans increasing
by 17.7%.
     As part of its overall asset and liability management process, the
Corporation uses interest rate swaps ("Swaps") and forward rate
agreements ("FRAs") as hedges.  Swaps are used to hedge the net yield
earned on pools of fixed rate residential real estate mortgage loans
originated in the year of the Swap's inception.  The following table
provides details, as of December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, of the
notional amounts of Swaps by maturity and the related average interest
rates paid and received.  The Corporation is a fixed rate payor on all of
its Swaps.
<TABLE>
                                                             Maturing
                                                ----------------------------------
                                                Within 1      1 to 5              
                                                  Year        Years         Total 
(Dollars In Thousands)                          --------     --------     --------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
December 31, 1994:
Fixed Pay Swaps                                 $ 42,000     $ 44,375     $ 86,375
Average Rate Paid                                6.8486%      7.0047%      6.9288%
Average Rate Received*                           5.7426%      6.0806%      5.9163%

December 31, 1993:
Fixed Pay Swaps                                 $ 42,000     $ 61,375     $103,375
Average Rate Paid                                8.9464%      7.3274%      7.9852%
Average Rate Received*                           3.3938%      3.4182%      3.4083%

December 31, 1992:
Fixed Pay Swaps                                 $ 14,000     $ 79,875     $ 93,875
Average Rate Paid                                8.8357%      8.7814%      8.7895%
Average Rate Received*                           3.5910%      3.6995%      3.6833%

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



- ---------------
* Represents the average variable rate that will be received by the Corporation
  based upon the rate in effect at the latest variable rate reset date of each
  Swap.
</TABLE>

Customer deposit balances associated with the Processing Business have
provided the Corporation with a stable, long-term source of funds that
historically has been used to finance fixed-rate loans and investments. 
In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Corporation sold over $800 million of
U.S. Government Treasury and Agency securities in anticipation of the
closing of the Disposition and Merger and the resultant need to fund the
deposit balances being transferred as part of the Chase Acquired
Business.  The Corporation will retain most, if not all, of its fixed
rate loan portfolio.  As a result, the Corporation's use of Swaps as an
asset/liability management tool is expected to increase, as a greater
proportion of the Corporation's fixed rate assets will be funded with
short-term interest bearing liabilities.  In addition, the Corporation
may issue term financing or sell loans to maintain an appropriate
matching of its asset/liability structure.
     The impact of the Corporation's hedging activities upon net interest
income for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, are detailed
in the following table.
<TABLE>
                                                                                For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                                        ----------------------------------------
(Taxable Equivalent Basis; Dollars In Thousands)                            1994            1993            1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>     
Net Interest Income:
     As Reported                                                        $112,766        $122,052        $117,125
     Excluding Hedging Activities                                       $116,007        $127,112        $122,092
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets:
     As Reported                                                          3.49%           3.95%           4.13%
     Excluding Hedging Activities                                         3.59%           4.12%           4.31%
</TABLE>
The preceding table presents the impact of the Corporation's hedging
activities on net interest income.  The difference between the results
"As Reported" and "Excluding Hedging Activities" reflects the cost of
utilizing swaps to hedge interest rate risk and lock in a specified level
of return.


Securities Available for Sale

During 1994, the Corporation purchased $1,283.4 million of securities
(primarily U.S. Government agency and Treasury securities ($1,269.3
million)) classified as available for sale.




<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     The Corporation's portfolio of securities classified as available
for sale is principally comprised of the following: U.S. Treasury fixed
rate obligations with weighted average original maturities of one and one
half years (58%); Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA") fixed
rate mortgage-backed securities ("Fixed Rate GNMAs") and GNMA adjustable
rate mortgage-backed securities ("GNMA ARMs") (21%); obligations of
states and municipalities (7%) and variable rate collateralized mortgage
obligations backed by GNMAs ("CMOs") (6%). GNMAs are backed by the full
faith and credit of the U. S. Government.
     The amortized cost of securities available for sale exceeded their
market value by $5.8 million at December 31, 1994.  The market value of
securities available for sale exceeded their amortized cost by 
$16.5 million at December 31, 1993.  The decrease in market value
relative to amortized cost reflected several factors.  First, in the
first quarter of 1994, high yielding available for sale securities
(mainly Treasuries) were sold for a $2.0 million gain, and the proceeds
from sales, maturities, calls and mandatory redemption of securities of
$258.6 million were reinvested (mainly in Treasuries) at then-lower
prevailing interest rates.  Second, since the beginning of 1994, interest
rates have significantly increased.  For example, the Federal funds
interest rate increased 250 basis points from January to December 1994.
     In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Corporation sold $390.0 million
of U.S. Treasury Notes in addition to $41.9 million of securities
available for sale sold in January 1994.  (See "Securities Transactions
and Other Income" in this Financial Review for additional information.)


Securities Held to Maturity

During 1994, the Corporation purchased $402.5 million of securities
classified as held to maturity, primarily consisting of U.S. Government
agency securities ($388.4 million).
     In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Corporation sold approximately
$412.0 million of U.S. Government Agency securities classified as held to
maturity.  (See "Securities Transactions and Other Income" in this
Financial Review for additional information.)  No securities are
classified as held to maturity at December 31, 1994.  At December 31,
1993, the market value of securities held to maturity was $87.1 million,
which exceeded their carrying amount by $300,000.  A reconciliation of
the activity in held to maturity securities for the year ended 
December 31, 1994 is provided below:

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
(Dollars In Thousands)                                                 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>     
Balance, Beginning of Year                                          $  86,748
Purchases                                                             402,502
Proceeds from Sales                                                  (379,954)
Realized Losses on Sales                                              (32,168)
Proceeds from Maturities, Calls and Mandatory Redemptions             (46,229)
Transfers to Available for Sale                                       (28,884)
Net Amortization of Premium                                            (2,015)
                                                                    ----------

Balance, End of Year                                                $        -
                                                                    ==========
</TABLE>

Impact of the Disposition and Merger on the Investment Portfolio

The Corporation anticipates that after the Disposition and Merger New
USTC's securities portfolio will be concentrated in shorter-term U.S.
Government Treasury securities and floating rate CMO's collateralized by
GNMA mortgage pass-through securities.  A lesser amount will be invested
in GNMA mortgage pass-through securities and tax-exempt state and
municipal obligations.  Tax-exempt state and municipal securities are
largely fixed-rate investments with an average life of approximately 4.4
years and a duration of approximately 3.3 years.  GNMA securities are
mostly 15 year original maturity securities and 30 year original maturity
securities with a remaining maturity of about 20 years.  The average life
of the GNMA portfolio is about 7.4 years and the duration is about 5.1
years.
     The shorter term portfolio of U.S. Government Treasury Securities
and floating rate CMO's will be primarily used for liquidity.  The GNMAs
and state and municipal obligations are intended to provide longer term
returns with low credit risk.


Mortgage Securities and Prepayment Risk

At December 31, 1994, the Corporation held GNMA and CMO securities
("mortgage securities") having a carrying value of approximately 
$279 million in its available for sale portfolio.  While these mortgage
securities, as well as the Corporation's residential real estate mortgage
loans ("mortgage loans"), are subject to prepayment risk, management
believes that these are appropriate investments for the Corporation. 
Historically, relatively high levels of non-interest bearing deposits
derived from the Processing Business helped to mitigate the financial
risk associated with the unpredictable experience of these holdings.


<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Impact of the Disposition and Merger on Liquidity

The Corporation requires access to funds sufficient to pay dividends to
common shareholders, interest and principal to debt holders and for other
corporate purposes, such as loans and capital investments in affiliates
and purchases of treasury stock.
     Historically, the Corporation has maintained strong liquidity at
both the parent and the operating subsidiaries.  While the Disposition
and Merger will have a significant effect on capital resources and the
overall asset and liability structure, the Corporation believes that New
USTC will maintain sufficient liquidity at the parent and at each of its
active subsidiaries.
     In connection with the Disposition and Merger, United States Trust
Company of New York will redeem its outstanding 8 1/2% Capital Notes Due
2001.  The funds required to redeem the Capital Notes will be obtained
through normal business operations.
     The Corporation also will satisfy and discharge the $30 million
balance of its 8% Notes due 1996.  The funding for such satisfaction and
discharge will be provided by cash on hand and dividends from
subsidiaries.
     Additional sources of liquidity will include a new multi-year 
$35 million credit facility which the Corporation is currently
negotiating.  The Corporation expects that the new facility will have
terms and conditions at least as favorable as the Corporation's existing
credit facility.  The existing credit facility is a $25.0 million
revolving, unsecured credit arrangement with a major financial
institution.  At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had no borrowings
outstanding under its revolving credit arrangement   The Corporation
expects that the new credit facility will be finalized prior to the
consummation of the Disposition and Merger.  Additionally, New USTC may
borrow, subject to certain regulatory restriction,  on a fully
collateralized basis from its affiliate banks.  


Interest Rate Sensitivity

Interest rate risk arises from differences in the timing of repricing
assets and liabilities.  One measure of interest rate risk is the
difference in asset and liability repricing on a cumulative basis within
a specified time frame.  The following table provides the components of
the Corporation's interest rate sensitivity gaps at December 31, 1994. 
Gap analysis has inherent limitations as an analytical tool because it
only measures the Corporation's exposure at a single point in time. 
Exposure to interest rates is constantly changing as a result of the
Corporation's ongoing business and its management initiatives. 
Accordingly, the gap table cannot be used to predict the Corporation's
interest sensitivity position after the Disposition and Merger.  Certain
actions that the Corporation has taken in response to the transaction
have been described in "Impact of the Disposition and Merger on
Liquidity" section of this Financial Review.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     As set forth in the following table, as of December 31, 1994, the
Corporation had more liabilities repricing than assets (liability
sensitive) in the 0-3 month and 4-6 month categories, reflecting the
impact of the Disposition and Merger on the classification of Processing
Business non-interest bearing deposits.  In general, when an enterprise
is liability sensitive, its net interest income will improve in a
declining interest rate environment and will decline in a rising interest
rate environment.  Conversely, an asset sensitive enterprise will realize
a benefit in net interest income if rates are rising and will have lower
net interest income in a falling rate environment.







































<PAGE>
<TABLE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



                                     0-3         4-6       7-12         1-5        Over
(Dollars in Thousands)              Months     Months     Months       Years      5 Years     Total
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
<S>                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>       
Assets
Interest Bearing Deposits
  with Banks                      $   21,524  $      --  $      --  $       --  $      --  $   21,524
Securities Available for Sale        427,759    239,582    132,443     168,421     65,321   1,033,526
Federal Funds Sold and
  Securities Purchased Under
  Agreements to Resell               120,000         --         --          --         --     120,000
Loans, Net of Allowance for
  Credit Losses                      980,241     18,574     35,118     211,649    366,617   1,612,199
Cash and Other Non-Interest
  Earning Assets                     212,316     23,116     28,643      68,683    103,204     435,962
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Total Assets                       1,761,840    281,272    196,204     448,753    535,142   3,223,211
                                  ==========  =========  =========  ==========  =========  ==========
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Non-Interest Bearing Deposits        134,278    745,532     45,480     106,248         --   1,031,538
Interest Bearing Deposits          1,378,437      7,601     14,468       8,327         --   1,408,833
Federal Funds Purchased,
  Securities Sold Under
  Agreements to Repurchase
  and Other Borrowings               350,515         --         --          --         --     350,515
Accounts Payable and Accrued
  Liabilities                         44,460     45,465     38,030       9,239     10,884     148,078
Long Term Debt                                   41,753      2,020      11,080      6,071      60,924
Stockholders' Equity                      --         --         --          --    223,323     223,323
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Total Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity             1,907,690    840,351     99,998     134,894    240,278   3,223,211
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Asset/(Liability) Sensitivity
  Gap                               (145,850)  (559,079)    96,206     313,859    294,864          --
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Interest Rate Swaps                *  48,750     (1,125)    (3,250)    (44,375)        --          --
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Interest Rate Sensitivity Gap        (97,100)  (560,204)    92,956     269,484    294,864          --
                                  ----------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Cumulative Interest Rate
  Sensitivity Gap                 $  (97,100) $(657,304) $(564,348) $ (294,864) $      --  $       --
                                  ==========  ========== ========== ==========  =========  ==========
- ---------------
*  Includes $86,375 of total outstanding notional principal of Swaps less $37,625 of Swaps
maturing or amortizing within three months.
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Following the Disposition and Merger, New USTC will not have access to
non-interest bearing deposits derived from the Processing Business.  The
Corporation has taken actions to reduce its exposure to fixed rate
investments through its sale of held to maturity securities and to
rebalance its asset/liability mix through the sale of certain available
for sale securities.  See "Asset/Liability Management" in this Financial
Review.
     The Disposition and Merger will have no direct impact on the
Corporation's private banking loan portfolio.  Approximately 50% of the
current loan portfolio is made up of fixed rate mortgages.  The fixed
rate mortgage portfolio has an average maturity of about 7.4 years and a
duration of about 5.1 years.  While it is anticipated that the portion of
fixed rate loans will remain about constant, changes in the level and
direction of interest rates will cause prepayments of existing loans and
origination of new fixed rate loans to vary.  Consequently the proportion
of fixed rate loans may vary from period to period.



Asset Quality

The Corporation's loan portfolio is comprised primarily of loans to
private banking customers.  Average loans increased $212.2 million, or
19.4%, to $1.3 billion at December 31, 1994, from $1.1 billion in 1993. 
Residential real estate mortgages accounted for approximately 65% of the
increase in the portfolio.
     An analysis of the allowance for credit losses for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, follows.
<TABLE>
(In Thousands)                                                                              1994        1993        1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>         <C>         <C>    
Balance, January 1                                                                       $13,393     $11,676     $ 8,661
                                                                                         -------     -------     -------
Provision charged to income                                                                2,000       4,000       6,000
                                                                                         -------     -------     -------
Recoveries                                                                                   805       1,817         581
Charge-offs                                                                               (1,499)     (4,100)    (3,566)
                                                                                         -------     -------     -------
Net charge-offs                                                                            (694)     (2,283)     (2,985)
                                                                                         -------     -------     -------
Balance, December 31                                                                     $14,699     $13,393     $11,676
                                                                                         =======     =======     =======

Ratios:
Allowance to Average Loans                                                                 1.12%       1.22%       1.24%
Net Charge-Offs to Average Loans                                                           0.05        0.21        0.32
Allowance to Loans at Year-End                                                             0.90        0.96        0.93
Net Charge-Offs to Loans at Year-End                                                       0.04        0.16        0.24
Nonperforming Assets to Average Loans and Real Estate Owned                                1.42        1.58        2.33
Allowance to Nonperforming Loans                                                         230.72      223.03      135.75
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



The provision for credit losses in 1994 was $2.0 million, compared to
$4.0 million and $6.0 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively.  The
provision for credit losses reflects the addition to the allowance for
credit losses that management deems appropriate to maintain the allowance
at a level adequate when related to the risk of loss inherent in the
credit portfolio.  In assessing adequacy, management relies on its
ongoing review of specific credits, on past experience, present credit
portfolio composition and general economic and financial considerations. 
See "Summary of Credit Loss Experience" on page 48 for a more detailed
discussion of the allowance for credit losses.  The improvement in these
ratios between December 31, 1994 and December 31, 1993, reflects a net
addition to the allowance for credit losses since December 31, 1993 as
the provision has exceeded net loan charge-offs.
     At December 31, 1994, the loan portfolio included loans to
individuals involved in the financial services industry of approximately
$420 million.  The Corporation's credit loss experience with these loans
has been excellent.  Net charge-offs from loans to individuals involved
in the financial services industry amounted to $438,000 in 1994, $237,000
in 1993 and $707,000 in 1992.  Such net charge-offs as a percentage of
average total loans amounted to 3 basis points, 2 basis points and 8
basis points in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
     Nonperforming assets, which include non-accrual and restructured
loans and real estate acquired in debt restructurings, are as follows:

<TABLE>
                                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                                   ---------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                                        1994          1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                <C>           <C>    
Non-accrual and restructured loans                                                                 $ 6,371       $ 6,005
Real estate acquired in debt restructurings                                                         12,362        11,542
                                                                                                   -------       -------

Total nonperforming assets                                                                         $18,733       $17,547
                                                                                                   =======       =======
</TABLE>
After the consummation of the Disposition and Merger, New USTC's loan
portfolio will become a more significant percentage of total interest
earning assets.  It is not anticipated that the Disposition and Merger
will effect the quality of the loan portfolio.


Acquisitions and Subsidiaries

The Corporation's business strategy calls for expansion of its asset
management customer base in key areas of wealth concentration through the
acquisition of investment advisory firms, the de novo establishment of
subsidiaries and the establishment of branch offices of existing
subsidiaries.  A summary of these activities follows.

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



o    On January 17, 1995, the Corporation announced an agreement to
     acquire the individual account business of J. & W. Seligman & Co.
     Inc., and to purchase J. & W. Seligman Trust Company.  J. &
     W. Seligman & Co. Inc., is a privately held investment manager and
     advisor located in New York.  Under the agreement, the Corporation
     will pay up to $20 million in cash for the business being acquired
     (approximately $900 million in assets under management).  The
     transaction, which is subject to approval by the Federal Reserve
     Board and New York State banking authorities, is expected to close
     during the second quarter of 1995.

o    In July 1994, U.S. Trust Company of Florida Savings Bank, located in
     Palm Beach, converted the Boca Raton sales office into a full-
     service branch office.  In 1992, a branch office was opened in
     Naples, Florida.  U.S. Trust Company of Florida Savings Bank,
     including the Boca Raton and Naples branch offices, had
     approximately $1.2 billion of assets under management at December
     31, 1994.

o    In June 1993, U.S. Trust Company of Connecticut ("UST Connecticut")
     was opened for business as a limited purpose trust company.  At
     December 31, 1994, UST Connecticut had approximately $678 million
     of assets under management.  A substantial portion of these assets
     were from Connecticut domiciled clients, who requested that their
     account be transferred from New York.

o    In July 1993, the Corporation acquired Capital Trust Company
     ("Capital Trust"), a Portland, Oregon-based trust and investment
     management firm, for 75,831 shares of its common stock valued at $4
     million.  The acquisition was accounted for as a pooling-of
     -interests.  At December 31, 1994, Capital Trust had approximately
     $1.6 billion of assets under management.  As of January 1, 1994,
     Capital Trust changed its name to U.S. Trust of the Pacific
     Northwest and its consulting practice was contributed to a separate
     subsidiary, CTC Consulting Inc.

o    In November 1993, U.S. Trust Company of California, N.A., opened a
     new full-service branch office in Costa Mesa, California, to serve
     the growing affluent region of Orange County.  U.S. Trust Company of
     California, N.A., including the Costa Mesa branch office, had
     approximately $5.9 billion of assets under management at December
     31, 1994.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



o    In March 1992, the Corporation purchased Delafield, Harvey, Tabell,
     Inc. ("Delafield"), a Princeton, New Jersey-based investment
     advisory company that also provides broker/dealer services, for
     206,307 shares of its common stock valued at $9 million.  The
     acquisition was accounted for as a purchase.  In late 1992, U.S.
     Trust Company of New Jersey was granted authority to operate as a
     full-service trust company and the investment advisory business of
     Delafield was contributed to it.  At December 31, 1994, U.S. Trust
     Company of New Jersey had approximately $592 million of assets under
     management.


o    In December 1992, the Corporation acquired Campbell,
     Cowperthwait & Co., Inc. ("Campbell"), a New York City-based
     investment advisory company, for 106,541 shares of its common stock
     valued at $5 million.  The acquisition was accounted for as a
     pooling-of-interests.  At December 31, 1994, Campbell had
     approximately $450 million of assets under management.


Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about
Fair Value of Financial Instruments," ("FAS 107") requires disclosure of
the estimated fair values of the Corporation's financial instruments. 
The FAS 107 disclosures and commentary concerning the usefulness of these
disclosures is set forth in "Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements No. 18."  A discussion of the Corporation's most significant
financial instruments under FAS 107 follows.
     The carrying amount of the Corporation's loan portfolio exceeded its
estimated fair value by approximately $30 million at December 31, 1994. 
At December 31, 1993, the estimated fair value of the Corporation's loan
portfolio exceeded its carrying amount by approximately $19 million.  The
estimated fair value of loans was derived using a discounted cash flow
model which considers average rates earned by the portfolio, current
rates offered to clients and current loan prepayment rates.  The decline
in the fair value of the Corporation's loan portfolio is primarily due to
the impact on fixed rate loans of the significant increase in interest
rates since the beginning of 1994.  At December 31, 1994, the spread
between the yield on the Corporation's existing fixed rate loans and the
interest rate offered to qualified borrowers for similar loans was
approximately 184 basis points.
     The amortized cost of the Corporation's securities portfolio
exceeded its estimated fair value by approximately $6 million at 
December 31, 1994.  At December 31, 1993, the estimated fair value
exceeded its amortized cost by approximately $17 million.  See the
discussion in "Asset/Liability Management - Securities Available for
Sale" in this Financial Review for an analysis of the decrease in the
estimated fair value of the securities portfolio.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



      The carrying amount of the Corporation's long term debt exceed the
estimated fair value by approximately $2 million at December 31, 1994 At
December 31, 1993, the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying amount
by approximately $5 million.  The decrease in the fair value of long term
debt reflects the increase in the interest rate environment between the
two periods.
     The estimated fair value of interest rate swaps was a gain of
approximately $1 million at December 31, 1994 compared to of a loss of
approximately $(4) million at December 31, 1993.  The Corporation is a
net fixed rate payor under its interest rate swap agreements.  The
increase in the estimated fair value of interest rate swaps reflects the
gradual increase in interest rates in 1994.  Since the Corporation is a
fixed rate payer on all of its interest rate swaps, it receives the
benefit of an increase in the LIBOR rate throughout 1994.


Adoption of New Accounting Standards

Disclosure Requirements related to Derivative Financial Instruments

The Corporation has adopted, as of December 31, 1994, Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No 119, "Disclosure about Derivative
Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments," ("FAS
119").  FAS 119 requires new disclosures about derivative financial
instruments and amends certain existing disclosure requirements.  Since
FAS 119 is a disclosure requirement only, its adoption did not have any
effect on either the Corporation's financial condition or its results of
operations.


Accounting for Debt and Equity Securities

The Corporation adopted, as of December 31, 1993, Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities," ("FAS 115").  FAS 115 requires that investments
in debt securities be classified in one of three categories, each having
a different financial accounting method.  The three categories are: 
securities held to maturity; trading securities; and securities available
for sale.  See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Nos. 2 (c)
and 5" for additional discussion of FAS 115.









<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Accounting for Postemployment Benefits

The Corporation adopted, as of December 31, 1993, Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits," ("FAS 112").  FAS 112 requires employers to accrue currently
the cost of benefits, including salary continuation and severance
benefits, provided to former or inactive employees after employment but
before retirement.  The adoption of FAS 112 did not have a significant
impact on the results of operations or financial condition of the
Corporation.


Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan", ("FAS 114")," issued in May 1993,
and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 118, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan -- Income Recognition and
Disclosures", ("FAS 118")", an amendment of FAS 114, issued in October
1994, address the accounting by creditors for impairment of certain
loans.  FAS 114 requires that impaired loans be measured based on the
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's
effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, at the loan's
observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan
is collateral dependent.  FAS 118 amends the disclosure requirements of
FAS 114 to require information about the recorded investment in certain
impaired loans and amends the income recognition criteria in FAS 114. 
FAS 114 and FAS 118 are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 1994.  Based upon a preliminary review of the present loan
portfolio, the Corporation does not believe that the adoption of FAS 114
and FAS 118 will have a significant impact on the financial condition or
results of operations of the Corporation.

















<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
<TABLE>
Consolidated Statement of Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)                                                     1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>         <C>         <C>     
INTEREST INCOME
Loans...............................................................................     $ 94,525    $ 77,204    $ 70,088
Securities:
  Taxable...........................................................................       74,980      67,868      77,669
  Exempt from Federal Income Taxes..................................................        5,038       7,267      10,842
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell..............        9,027      12,213       8,338
Deposits with Banks.................................................................        3,546       5,048       6,274
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Total Interest Income...............................................................      187,116     169,600     173,211
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
INTEREST EXPENSE
Deposits............................................................................       47,928      37,478      42,450
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase
  and Other Borrowings..............................................................       25,992      10,509      16,356
Long Term Debt......................................................................        5,084       5,371       5,517
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Total Interest Expense..............................................................       79,004      53,358      64,323
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
NET INTEREST INCOME.................................................................      108,112     116,242     108,888
Provision for Credit Losses.........................................................        2,000       4,000       6,000
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES...............................      106,112     112,242     102,888
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
FEES AND OTHER INCOME
Fiduciary and Other Fees............................................................      295,565     264,075     235,824
Securities Gains (Losses), Net......................................................      (42,118)      3,025       2,801
Other...............................................................................       16,748       8,863       6,939
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Total Fees and Other Income.........................................................      270,195     275,963     245,564
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Total Operating Income Net of Interest Expense and Provision for Credit Losses......      376,307     388,205     348,452
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
OPERATING EXPENSES
Salaries............................................................................      135,415     120,770     104,506
Employee Benefits and Incentive Compensation........................................       72,068      68,383      60,426
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Total Salaries and Benefits.........................................................      207,483     189,153     164,932
Net Occupancy.......................................................................       40,030      40,035      37,420
Equipment...........................................................................       18,371      18,536      18,591
Other...............................................................................       76,051      67,796      68,589
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Total Operating Expenses............................................................      341,935     315,520     289,532
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Income From Operations Before Income Taxes and Cumulative Effect
  of Accounting Changes.............................................................       34,372      72,685      58,920
Income Taxes........................................................................       13,405      30,418      22,389
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes...............       20,967      42,267      36,531
Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting for Postretirement Benefits and
  Income Taxes (Notes 10 and 17)....................................................            -           -      (7,780)
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
Net Income..........................................................................     $ 20,967    $ 42,267    $ 28,751
                                                                                         ========    ========    ========

Primary Net Income Per Share:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes.............     $   2.12    $   4.26    $   3.76
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
    and Income Taxes................................................................            -           -       (0.80)
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
  Net Income........................................................................     $   2.12    $   4.26    $   2.96
                                                                                         ========    ========    ========

Fully Diluted Net Income Per Share:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes.............     $   2.09    $   4.25    $   3.74
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
    and Income Taxes................................................................            -           -       (0.80)
                                                                                         --------    --------    --------
  Net Income........................................................................     $   2.09    $   4.25    $   2.94
                                                                                         ========    ========    ========
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
<TABLE>
Consolidated Statement of Condition
December 31,
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in Thousands)                                                                                 1994          1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                              <C>           <C>       
ASSETS
Cash and Due from Banks.......................................................................   $  164,610    $  179,117
Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks..........................................................       21,524        61,476
Securities:
  Available for Sale, at Estimated Fair Value.................................................    1,033,526       836,532
  Held to Maturity (Estimated Fair Value $87,069 in 1993).....................................            -        86,748
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell........................      120,000       237,000
Loans.........................................................................................    1,626,898     1,398,723
Less:  Allowance for Credit Losses............................................................       14,699        13,393
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------
Net Loans.....................................................................................    1,612,199     1,385,330
Premises and Equipment........................................................................      109,346       109,767
Other Assets..................................................................................      162,006       290,382
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------
Total Assets..................................................................................   $3,223,211    $3,186,352
                                                                                                 ==========    ==========
LIABILITIES
Deposits:
  Non-Interest Bearing........................................................................   $1,031,538    $1,241,085
  Interest Bearing............................................................................    1,408,833     1,245,529
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------
Total Deposits................................................................................    2,440,371     2,486,614
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase
  and Other Borrowings........................................................................      350,515       258,072
Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities......................................................      148,078       147,979
Long Term Debt................................................................................       60,924        65,100
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------
Total Liabilities.............................................................................    2,999,888     2,957,765
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------

Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 1, 13, 14, 15)
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Common Stock, Par Value $1.00; Authorized 40,000,000 Shares;
  Issued 11,581,373 in 1994 and 11,436,293 in 1993.............................................      11,581        11,436
Capital Surplus................................................................................      72,605        67,898
Retained Earnings..............................................................................     244,639       242,112
Treasury Stock, at Cost (2,129,448 Shares in 1994 and 2,076,868 Shares in 1993)................     (86,139)      (82,857)
Loan to ESOP...................................................................................     (16,171)      (18,697)
Unrealized Gain (Loss), Net of Taxes, on Securities Available for Sale.........................      (3,192)        8,695
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------
Total Stockholders' Equity.....................................................................     223,323       228,587
                                                                                                 ----------    ----------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity.....................................................  $3,223,211    $3,186,352
                                                                                                 ==========    ==========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
<TABLE>
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
For the Years Ended December 31,
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)                                            1994         1993         1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>          <C>          <C>     
COMMON STOCK
Balance, Beginning of Year..........................................................   $ 11,436     $ 56,506     $ 55,864
Issuance of Shares Under Employee Benefit Plans (145,080,
  135,080 and 128,497 Shares).......................................................        145          467          642
Change in Par Value of Common Stock.................................................          -      (45,537)           -
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Balance, End of Year................................................................   $ 11,581     $ 11,436     $ 56,506
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

CAPITAL SURPLUS
Balance, Beginning of Year..........................................................   $ 67,898     $ 23,280     $ 23,385
Employee Benefit Plans..............................................................      4,707        4,011        2,282
Acquisitions........................................................................          -       (4,930)      (2,387)
Change in Par Value of Common Stock.................................................          -       45,537            -
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Balance, End of Year................................................................   $ 72,605     $ 67,898     $ 23,280
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

RETAINED EARNINGS
Balance, Beginning of Year..........................................................   $242,112     $216,839     $203,441
Net Income..........................................................................     20,967       42,267       28,751
Cash Dividends Declared ($2.00, $1.88 and $1.72 Per Share)..........................    (18,750)     (17,677)     (15,860)
Tax Benefit on Dividends Paid to ESOP...............................................        310          683          507
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Balance, End of Year................................................................   $244,639     $242,112     $216,839
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

TREASURY STOCK
Balance, Beginning of Year..........................................................   $(82,857)    $(78,443)    $(77,452)
Purchases (90,000, 157,500 and 292,000 Shares)......................................    (4,573)      (8,485)     (13,277)
Issuance of Shares Under Employee Benefit Plans, Net (37,420,
  33,692 and 27,780) Shares)........................................................      1,291        1,175          821
Issuance of Shares for Acquisitions (75,831 in 1993 and 312,848 Shares in 1992).....          -        2,896       11,465
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Balance, End of Year................................................................   $(86,139)    $(82,857)    $(78,443)
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

LOAN TO ESOP
Balance, Beginning of Year..........................................................   $(18,697)    $(21,029)    $(23,181)
Principal Payment by ESOP...........................................................      2,526        2,332        2,152
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Balance, End of Year................................................................   $(16,171)    $(18,697)    $(21,029)
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS), NET OF TAXES, ON SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE
Balance, Beginning of Year..........................................................   $  8,695     $      -     $      -
Net Change in Fair Value, After Taxes...............................................    (11,887)       8,695            -
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Balance, End of Year................................................................   $ (3,192)    $  8,695     $      -
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

Total Stockholders' Equity..........................................................   $223,323     $228,587     $197,153
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
<TABLE>
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31,
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                            1994         1993          1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>           <C>      
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
Net Income.....................................................................    $    20,967    $  42,267     $  28,751
Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities:
Provision for Credit Losses....................................................          2,000        4,000         6,000
Depreciation and Amortization of Premises and Equipment and Other Assets.......         15,158       14,896        13,326
Net Amortization of Premium on Securities......................................          4,637       10,768         9,752
Net Change in Accrued Interest and Accounts Receivable.........................        (11,001)     (27,066)        2,456
Net Change in Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities...........................          1,397       39,405        25,267
Other, Net.....................................................................         31,951       (2,738)          (84)
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities......................................         65,109       81,532        85,468
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
Net Change in Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks.............................         39,952          384        33,480
Purchases of Securities:
  Available for Sale...........................................................     (1,283,359)           -             -
  Held to Maturity.............................................................       (402,502)           -             -
  Investment...................................................................              -     (854,446)     (961,837)
Proceeds from Sales of Securities:
  Available for Sale...........................................................        578,777            -             -
  Held to Maturity.............................................................        379,954            -             -
  Investment...................................................................              -      202,080       169,968
Proceeds from Maturities, Calls and Mandatory Redemptions of Securities:
  Available for Sale...........................................................        653,972            -             -
  Held to Maturity.............................................................         46,229            -             -
  Investment...................................................................              -      781,561       607,660
Net Change in Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased
  Under Agreements to Resell...................................................        117,000     (237,000)      304,525
Net Change in Loans............................................................       (228,175)    (138,262)      (96,816)
Purchases of Premises and Equipment............................................        (12,626)     (19,405)       (7,595)
Other, Net.....................................................................          7,492        5,399       (14,995)
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities............................       (103,286)    (259,689)       34,390
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
Net Change in Non-Interest Bearing Deposits....................................       (209,547)      20,408       183,928
Net Change in Money Market and Other Savings Deposits..........................        147,674      115,971        58,284
Net Change in Time Deposits....................................................         15,630       (4,916)        5,066
Net Change in Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under
  Agreements to Repurchase and Other Borrowings................................         92,443       32,777      (248,486)
Repurchases/Repayment of Long Term Debt........................................         (4,176)      (5,282)       (3,822)
Issuance of Common Stock.......................................................          4,686        4,297         3,119
Purchases of Treasury Stock....................................................         (4,573)      (8,485)      (13,277)
Dividends Paid.................................................................        (18,467)     (17,205)      (15,570)
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities............................         23,670      137,565       (30,758)
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents........................................        (14,507)     (40,592)       89,100
Cash and Cash Equivalents at January 1.........................................        179,117      219,709       130,609
                                                                                   -----------    ---------     ---------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at December 31.......................................    $   164,610    $ 179,117     $ 219,709
                                                                                   ===========    =========     =========
Income Taxes Paid..............................................................    $    27,551    $  29,678     $  23,670
Interest Expense Paid..........................................................         76,711       53,536        65,436

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- ----------------------------------------------

1.  Pending Disposition and Merger Transaction

On November 18, 1994, U.S. Trust Corporation (the "Corporation") and The
Chase Manhattan Corporation ("Chase") entered into an agreement under
which Chase will acquire the Corporation's institutional custody, mutual
funds servicing and unit trust businesses (the "Processing Business") and
certain back office operations (collectively the "Chase Acquired
Business") for $363.5 million in Chase common stock.  The transaction,
which is subject to bank regulatory approvals, U.S. Trust shareholder
approval and a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service
regarding its tax-free status, is expected to be consummated during the
second quarter of 1995.
     The transaction will be effected in two virtually simultaneous
steps.  First, the Corporation will spin off to its shareholders the
assets not included in the Chase Acquired Business (the "Disposition")
(the asset management, private banking, special fiduciary and corporate
trust businesses and related subsidiaries) in the form of a new holding
company ("New USTC").  The Corporation's shareholders will receive shares
in New USTC on a share-for-share basis.  Immediately following the
Disposoition, the Corporation, which will include only the assets and
liabilities of the Chase Acquired Business, will be merged with Chase
(the "Merger").
     In conjunction with the Disposition and Merger, Chase will provide
securities processing, custodial, data processing and other services to
New USTC under the five-year term of the servicing agreement at an annual
base fee of $10 million.  The servicing agreement may be extended an
additional two to five years beyond its initial term.
     Under the agreement, the Corporation will transfer to Chase at the
closing date readily available funds and assets employed by the Chase
Acquired Business equal to the liabilities assumed by Chase.  The
Processing Business deposits provided a long-term source of funds to the
Corporation which financed a portion of the Corporation's long- and
medium-term interest earning assets.  In anticipation of consummating the
Disposition and Merger and to substantially effect a rebalancing of the
Corporation's overall asset and liability structure, in the fourth
quarter of 1994, the Corporation sold approximately $800 million of U.S.
Government Treasury and Agency securities.










<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Estimated Transaction Costs

In conjunction with the announcement of the Disposition and Merger, the
Corporation disclosed that it may incur up to $110 million of
restructuring charges on an after-tax basis in connection with the
Disposition and Merger.  The following table lists the estimated
nonrecurring adjustments that satisfy the definition of "exit costs" as
set forth in Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 94-3, "Liability
Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to
Exit an Activity (Including Certain Costs Incurred in a Restructuring)"
("EITF 94-3") that are directly related to the Disposition and Merger. 
The difference between the $110 million and the charges described below
represents charges that do not presently meet the definition of "exit
costs" as defined by EITF 94-3.
<TABLE>
                                                                             (Thousands) (1)
                                                                              ----------
<C>                                                                            <S>
Loss on sale of securities held to maturity
  and available for sale                                                       $ 44,177  (2)
Severance, post-retirement benefits and related costs                            21,100
Professional fees                                                                12,000  (3)
Cost of terminating leases for premises                                          12,000
Cost of terminating computer hardware leases, computer
  software licenses, contracts and capitalized software                          32,986
Cost of incentive compensation plans that are being
  terminated                                                                      5,100
Payout for stock options                                                         39,045
                                                                               --------
                                                                                166,408
Applicable tax benefits                                                          72,116
                                                                               --------
Total after-tax charges                                                          94,292
Less after-tax charges recorded in the fourth quarter of 1994                   (27,934)
                                                                               --------
After-tax charges to be recorded in 1995                                       $ 66,358
                                                                               ========

(1)  Except where otherwise noted, these expenses will be accrued or paid in the first
     and second quarters of 1995.
(2)  The losses on the sale of securities were incurred in the fourth quarter of 1994.
(3)  $6.0 million of professional fees were accrued or paid in the fourth quarter of
     1994.  The balance of the professional fees will be incurred in the first and
     second quarters of 1995.
</TABLE>




<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



While the amounts set forth in the table above represent the
Corporation's best estimate of the restructuring costs that will be
incurred, the ultimate level of such charges will not be precisely
determinable until the closing date of the transaction.  The cost of
terminating computer hardware leases takes into consideration the
estimated residual value of the equipment when it is returned to the
lessor.  Such residual values could be severely impacted and the cost of
terminating the leases increased if the manufacturer releases upgraded
versions of the equipment prior to the lease termination date.
     The Corporation continues to review its staffing requirements.  This
review will be completed by the closing date of the transaction and may
result in lower staffing levels.  Accordingly, the cost of severance and
related benefits may range from the above listed $21.1 million to
approximately $24.0 million.
     The payout for stock options is based upon various assumptions,
including:  the estimated fair market value of the shares of the
Corporation's common stock, the number of stock options that are
outstanding as of the closing date of the transaction and the average
exercise price of such outstanding options.  As a result, the actual
amount of the cash payment will not be determinable until that date.

Other Contingencies and Commitments

In connection with the Disposition and Merger, United States Trust
Company of New York (the "Trust Company") will redeem its outstanding 
8 1/2% Capital Notes Due 2001.  The Corporation also will satisfy and
discharge its 8% Notes Due 1996.  See "Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements No. 11" for additional discussion of long term debt.
     Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, if the transaction is
terminated due to the Corporation's failure to satisfy certain
conditions, including the failure of the Corporation's stockholders to
approve the Disposition and Merger, the Corporation will pay Chase 
$7.5 million as liquidated damages.

2.   Accounting Policies
The accounting and reporting policies of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries conform with generally accepted accounting principles and
general practice within the banking industry.
     The following is a summary of the significant policies:

(a)  Basis of Presentation - The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Corporation and its majority owned
subsidiaries.  All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

(b)  Trust Assets - Property (other than cash deposits) held by the Trust
Company or the Corporation's other subsidiaries in a fiduciary or agency
capacity for customers are not assets of the Corporation and are not
included in the consolidated statement of condition.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



(c)  Securities - Effective December 31, 1993, the Corporation adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," ("FAS 115").  In
accordance with the provisions of FAS 115, debt securities that the
Corporation has both the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity
are classified as Securities Held to Maturity and carried at historical
cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts
("amortized cost").  Gains and losses related to Securities Held to
Maturity are not recorded until realized.  Debt securities that may be
sold prior to maturity as part of asset/liability management or in
response to other factors are classified as Securities Available for Sale
and carried at their estimated fair value with unrealized gains and
losses reported in a separate component of stockholders' equity, net of
deferred taxes.
     The Corporation has evaluated all of its investments in debt and
equity securities and has classified them as either held to maturity or
available for sale.  Premiums and discounts on these securities are
amortized or accreted in accordance with the policy set forth in "Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 1(d)."  Realized gains and
losses from sales of securities held to maturity and securities available
for sale are determined on a specific identification cost basis.
     Prior to the adoption of FAS 115, the Corporation had classified its
investments in debt and equity securities as investment securities, that
were carried at amortized cost.  Premiums and discounts on investment
securities were amortized or accreted in accordance with the policy set
forth in "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No.1(d)." 
Realized gains and losses from sales of investment securities were
determined on a specific identification cost basis.
     See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 5" for
additional discussion.

(d)  Interest Bearing Financial Instruments - Interest income/expense is
accrued on interest bearing financial instruments based upon the
contractual terms of the instrument.  Premiums and discounts are
amortized or accreted, respectively, on a basis that approximates the
effective yield method.













<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



(e)  Nonperforming Assets - Nonperforming assets consist of non-accrual
financial instruments, restructured assets and real estate acquired in
debt restructurings.  Interest accruals are discontinued when principal
or interest is contractually past due ninety days or more.  In addition,
interest accruals may be discontinued when principal or interest is
contractually past due less than ninety days if in the opinion of
management the amount due is not likely to be paid in accordance with the
terms of the contractual agreement, even though the financial instruments
are currently performing.  Any accrued but unpaid interest previously
recorded on a non-accrual financial instrument is reversed against
interest income.  Subsequent cash receipts of interest on non-accrual
financial instruments are applied either to the outstanding principal
balance or recorded as interest income, depending on management's
assessment of the ultimate collectibility of principal.  Non-accrual
financial instruments are generally returned to accrual status only when
all delinquent principal and interest payments are brought current and
the collectibility of future principal and interest on a timely basis is
reasonably assured.
     If a financial instrument is restructured as a result of the
deterioration of a borrower's financial condition, interest will accrue
at the renegotiated or effective rate, as appropriate.
     Real estate acquired in debt restructurings ("ORE") is recorded in
other assets at the lower of the carrying amount of the loan or the ORE's
estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell.  After the acquisition
date of the ORE, operating expenses and revenue, additional writedowns,
as appropriate, and gains and losses on the ultimate disposition of ORE
are reported in other expenses.

(f)  Allowance for Credit Losses - The allowance for credit losses is
established through charges to income based on management's evaluation of
the adequacy of the allowance in meeting present and possible future
losses in the existing credit portfolio, which includes loans,
commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit.  The adequacy
of the allowance is continually reviewed by management, taking into
consideration current economic conditions, past loss experience and the
risks inherent in the credit portfolio.

(g)  Premises and Equipment - Premises and equipment, including leasehold
improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and
depreciation.  Amortization and depreciation expenses are computed on a
straight-line method over the lesser of the term of the lease or the
estimated useful lives of the assets.  Maintenance and repairs expenses
are charged to operating expenses as incurred.






<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



(h)  Postretirement Plans - The Corporation has a trusteed,
noncontributory, qualified defined benefit retirement plan that provides
retirement benefits to substantially all employees.  The retirement plan
benefit formula is based upon years of service, average compensation over
the final years of service and the social security covered compensation. 
The Corporation's funding policy is consistent with the funding
requirements of Federal laws and regulations.  Retirement plan assets are
managed by the Trust Company and consist primarily of listed stocks and
commingled debt and international and domestic equity pension trust
funds.  The Corporation also maintains an unfunded, non-trusteed,
noncontributory, non-qualified retirement plan for participants whose
retirement benefit payments under the qualified plan are expected to
exceed the limits imposed by Federal tax law.
     Effective January 1, 1992, the Corporation adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."  See "Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements No. 17" for additional discussion.

(i)  Income Taxes - The Corporation files a consolidated Federal income
tax return.  Applicable taxes of the individual companies are determined
as if they filed a separate return and every subsidiary is charged or
credited for its amount of computed tax.
     Deferred income taxes are provided for items that are recognized for
income tax purposes in years other than those in which they are
recognized for financial reporting purposes.
     Effective January 1, 1992, the Corporation adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." 
See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 10" for
additional discussion.

(j)  Derivative Financial Instruments - The Corporation accounts for its
interest rate swap agreements ("Swaps") and forward rate agreements
("FRAs") as hedges.  The differential to be paid or received over the
life of the Swap is recognized on an accrual basis as an adjustment to
interest expense.  FRAs are accounted for by deferring the cash
received/paid on settlement date and amortizing the cash settlement as an
adjustment to interest expense until the maturity date of the contract.

(k)  Net Income Per Share - Primary net income per share is computed by
dividing net income by the total weighted average common and common
equivalent shares outstanding.  Common equivalent shares include the
dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and the assumed issuance of
deferred stock awards earned from incentive plans.  Total common and
common equivalent shares outstanding amounted to 10,019,592 in 1994,
9,968,033 in 1993 and 9,697,987 in 1992.
     Fully diluted net income per share is computed under the assumption
that all contingent increases in common stock have occurred to the extent
that they have a dilutive effect on net income per share.  Total common
shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis amounted to 10,198,301 in
1994, 9,994,591 in 1993 and 9,768,499 in 1992.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



(l)  Cash and Cash Equivalents - For purposes of the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows, the Corporation considers the Consolidated
Statement of Condition caption "Cash and Due from Banks" as cash and cash
equivalents.  For purposes of the U.S. Trust Corporation (Parent Company
Only) (See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 20")
Statement of Cash Flows, the Corporation considers the Statement of
Condition caption "Total Due From Banks" as cash and cash equivalents.

(m)  Reclassifications - Prior periods have been reclassified to conform
with the current presentation.

3.   Acquisitions
On July 7, 1993, the Corporation exchanged 75,831 shares of its common
stock, valued at approximately $4.0 million, for 100% of the shares of
Capital Trust Company ("Capital Trust"), a Portland, Oregon-based trust
and investment management and consulting company.  On December 1, 1992,
the Corporation exchanged 106,541 shares of its common stock, valued at
approximately $5.0 million, for 100% of the shares of Campbell,
Cowperthwait & Co., Inc. ("Campbell"), a New York City-based investment
advisory company.  These acquisitions were accounted for as poolings-of
- -interests.  Neither acquisition had a significant effect on the
Corporation's consolidated financial statements.  Accordingly, the
results of operations for Capital Trust and Campbell have been recorded
as of their respective dates of acquisition and prior period financial
statements were not restated.
     On March 31, 1992, the Corporation purchased 100% of the stock of
Delafield, Harvey, Tabell Inc., an investment advisory company located in
Princeton, New Jersey, for 206,307 shares of the Corporation's common
stock valued at $9.0 million.  The acquisition was accounted for as a
purchase.  Substantially all of the purchase price was allocated to the
value of investment management contracts that are being amortized on a
straight-line basis over their estimated ten-year life.  The acquisition
did not have a material impact on the Corporation's 1992 operating
results.

4.   Cash and Due from Banks
The average non-interest earning balances held at the Federal Reserve
Bank for the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993 were $65 million and
$73 million, respectively.  These amounts represent reserve requirements
which must be maintained on deposits.  There are no other restrictions on
cash and due from banks.

5.   Securities
The Corporation adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities,"
("FAS 115") as of December 31, 1993.  Prior to adopting FAS 115, all of
the Corporation's investments in debt and equity securities had been
classified as investment securities that were recorded at their amortized
cost.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     A comparison of the amortized cost, estimated fair value and gross
unrealized gains and losses as of December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively, for securities available for sale and securities held to
maturity follows.
<TABLE>
                                                                                      Estimated        Gross        Gross
                                                                          Amortized        Fair   Unrealized   Unrealized
(In Thousands)                                                                 Cost       Value        Gains       Losses
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>                                                                      <C>          <C>             <C>         <C>    
Securities available for sale:
December 31, 1994:
U.S. Government and Federal Agency obligations:
  U.S. Treasury obligations                                              $  606,999   $  601,120      $    17     $ 5,896
  Government National Mortgage Association obligations (Ginnie Mae) (1)     105,810      107,143        2,666       1,333
  U.S. Government Sponsored Agencies and Corporations (2)                   134,612      133,119           73       1,566
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------     -------
                                                                            847,421      841,382        2,756       8,795
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------     -------
States and Municipal obligations (3)                                         75,086       75,879        1,437         644
Collateralized mortgage obligations (4)                                      58,842       58,580           69         331
All other                                                                    57,954       57,685            -         269
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------     -------
  Total                                                                  $1,039,303   $1,033,526      $ 4,262     $10,039
                                                                         ==========   ==========      =======     =======

December 31, 1993:
U.S. Government and Federal Agency obligations:
  U.S. Treasury obligations                                              $  210,265   $  212,312      $ 2,100     $    53
  Government National Mortgage Association obligations (Ginnie Mae) (1)     153,239      162,379        9,401         261
  U.S. Government Sponsored Agencies and Corporations (2)                   189,755      190,467          784          72
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------     -------
                                                                            553,259      565,158       12,285         386
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------     -------
States and Municipal obligations (3)                                         85,341       89,748        4,417          10
Collateralized mortgage obligations (4)                                     115,516      115,728          447         235
All other                                                                    65,907       65,898            -           9
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------     -------
  Total                                                                  $  820,023   $  836,532      $17,149     $   640
                                                                         ==========   ==========      =======     =======

Securities held to maturity:
December 31, 1993:
U.S. Government and Federal Agency obligations:
  Government National Mortgage Association
    obligations (Ginnie Mae) (1)                                         $   73,300   $   73,591      $   291      $    -
  U.S. Government Sponsored Agencies and Corporations (2)                    13,448       13,478           32           2
                                                                         ----------   ----------      -------      ------
                                                                         $   86,748   $   87,069      $   323      $    2
                                                                         ==========   ==========      =======      ======
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



(1) Backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government.
(2) Securities available for sale are comprised of Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), Federal Home Loan
    Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and Small Business Administration (SBA) obligations.  Securities held to maturity
    are comprised of SBA obligations.
(3) Comprised mainly of highly rated investment grade general obligation and revenue bonds.
(4) Collateralized by either Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac obligations.
</TABLE>
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for
sale at December 31, 1994, by the earlier of contractual maturity or call
date, follows.
<TABLE>
                                                                                         December 31, 1994
                                                                            ------------------------------
                                                                                                 Estimated
                                                                             Amortized                Fair
(In Thousands)                                                                    Cost               Value
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                 <C>       
Due in one year or less                                                     $  584,786          $  581,388
Due after one year through two years                                            97,538              95,031
Due after two years through five years                                          37,716              38,381
Due after five years through ten years                                           1,395               1,358
Due after ten years                                                             14,764              14,687
                                                                            ----------          ----------
    Sub-Total                                                                  736,199             730,845
Collateralized mortgage obligations, mortgage-backed securities
  and other asset-backed securities (1)(2)(3)                                  299,265             298,842
                                                                            ----------          ----------
    Sub-Total                                                                1,035,464           1,029,687
Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock                            3,839               3,839
                                                                            ----------          ----------
    Total                                                                   $1,039,303          $1,033,526
                                                                            ==========          ==========

(1) In excess of 93% of these securities are collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities.
(2) At December 31, 1994, the Corporation's available for sale collateralized mortgage obligations, mortgage-
    backed securities and other asset-backed securities had a weighted-average life of 5.5 years reflecting
    anticipated future prepayments based on a consensus of dealers in the market.
(3) Expected maturities for collateralized mortgage obligations, mortgage-backed securities and other asset-
    backed securities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations
    with or without prepayment penalties.
</TABLE>
The components of securities gains (losses), net for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 follows.



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                         ------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                               1994                1993                1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>                   <C>                 <C>   
Gross realized gains from sales                                          $  2,116              $3,347              $2,871
Gross realized (losses) from sales                                        (44,263)               (370)               (206)
Net gains on maturities, calls and mandatory redemptions                       29                  48                 136
                                                                         --------              ------              ------
    Securities gains (losses), net                                       $(42,118)             $3,025              $2,801
                                                                         ========              ======              ======
</TABLE>
In December 1994, the Corporation tranferred $28,884,000 (carrying value)
of securities classified as held to maturity to the securities available
for sale category.  As a result of this transfer, an unrealized loss of
$503,000 (before-tax) was recorded in "Stockholders' Equity - Unrealized
Gain (Loss), Net of Taxes, on Securities Available for Sale."  See "Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 1" for additional discussion
regarding the Corporation's disposition of its portfolio of held to
maturity securities.
     In December 1993, the Corporation sold $351,460,000 of securities,
which created an account receivable from various brokers of $152,358,000. 
The entire amount of this receivable was collected in January 1994.
     At December 31, 1994 and 1993, securities in the amount of
$303,304,000 and $285,543,000, respectively, were pledged to secure
public deposits, as collateral for borrowings, to qualify for fiduciary
powers and for other purposes.

6.   Loans
The following is an analysis of the composition of the loan portfolio.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                               ----------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                       1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Private banking:
  Residential real estate mortgages                            $  851,074  $  699,193  $  612,142  $  449,270  $  353,663
  Other                                                           420,442     416,922     319,233     300,859     308 071
                                                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
Total private banking loans                                     1,271,516   1,116,115     931,375     750,129     661,734
                                                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
Short-term trust credit facilities*                               215,105     211,741     259,729     321,270     341,511
Loans to financial institutions for
  purchasing and carrying securities                              126,640      57,505      52,652      49,982      20,967
All other                                                          13,637      13,362      16,705      42,264      35,952
                                                               ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Total                                                        $1,626,898  $1,398,723  $1,260,461  $1,163,645  $1,060,164
                                                               ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



*  The Trust Company provides short-term credit facilities to certain of its trust customers in anticipation of receiving
   interest and dividends due from investments under administration and custody agreements.  At December 31, 1994, more
   than 75% of the Trust Company's short-term trust credit facilities related to clients of the Processing Business.  The
   Trust Company has never experienced a credit loss as a result of these arrangements.  Approximately 83% of the
   December 31, 1994 short-term trust credit facilities were repaid on the next business day.
</TABLE>
The aggregate outstanding principal amounts of non-accrual and
restructured loans follow:
<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                       1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>    
Private banking non-accrual loans                                  $5,592      $4,929      $7,498     $ 9,194     $ 5,054
All other non-accrual and restructured loans                          779       1,076       1,103      10,304      11,058
                                                                   ------      ------      ------     -------     -------
  Total                                                            $6,371      $6,005      $8,601     $19,498     $16,112
                                                                   ======      ======      ======     =======     =======
</TABLE>
The effect of these loans on interest income is presented below:
<TABLE>
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                             ----------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                               1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                          <C>         <C>         <C>
Interest income which would have been earned under original terms                            $571        $689        $648
Interest income recognized during year                                                        245         264         276
                                                                                             ----        ----        ----
  Reduction in interest income                                                               $326        $425        $372
                                                                                             ====        ====        ====
</TABLE>
An analysis of real estate acquired in debt restructurings follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                  -------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                       1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>   
Private banking                                                   $ 2,984     $ 3,101     $ 3,291      $  840      $  240
All other                                                           9,378       8,441      10,386       8,375       9,108
                                                                  -------     -------     -------      ------      ------
  Total                                                           $12,362     $11,542     $13,677      $9,215      $9,348
                                                                  =======     =======     =======      ======      ======
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



7.   Allowance for Credit Losses
An analysis of the allowance for credit losses follows:
<TABLE>
(In Thousands)                                                                               1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                       <C>         <C>         <C>    
Balance, January 1                                                                        $13,393     $11,676     $ 8,661
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
Charge-offs                                                                                (1,499)     (4,100)     (3,566)
Recoveries                                                                                    805       1,817         581
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
Net charge-offs                                                                              (694)     (2,283)     (2,985)
Provision charged to income                                                                 2,000       4,000       6,000
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
Balance, December 31                                                                      $14,699     $13,393     $11,676
                                                                                          =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>
8.   Premises and Equipment
An analysis of premises and equipment follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                                     --------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                                           1994        1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                  <C>         <C>     
Land                                                                                                 $  1,000    $  1,000
Building                                                                                               12,144      12,140
Leasehold improvements                                                                                 97,463      93,115
Furniture and equipment                                                                                65,355      62,776
                                                                                                     --------    --------
                                                                                                      175,962     169,031
Less accumulated amortization and depreciation                                                         66,616      59,264
                                                                                                     --------    --------
  Total                                                                                              $109,346    $109,767
                                                                                                     ========    ========

Amortization and depreciation expense                                                                $ 13,056    $ 11,952
                                                                                                     ========    ========
</TABLE>
Amortization and depreciation expense amounted to $10,669,000 for 1992.

9.   Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under
Agreements to Repurchase and Other Borrowings
An analysis of borrowings follows:





<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
(In Thousands)                                                                               1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>         <C>         <C>     
Federal funds purchased:
  Year-end balance                                                                       $ 19,535    $ 31,535    $ 70,945
  Daily average balance                                                                   313,765     151,005     253,446
  Maximum end-of-month balance                                                            941,860     470,325     812,810
  Weighted average interest rate during year                                                 4.50%       3.12%       3.78%
  Weighted average interest rate at year-end                                                 5.96        3.00        2.04
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase:
  Year-end balance                                                                       $204,280    $189,679    $134,473
  Daily average balance                                                                   197,416     187,868     192,733
  Maximum end-of-month balance                                                            368,750     305,249     378,146
  Weighted average interest rate during year                                                 3.87%       2.82%       3.26%
  Weighted average interest rate at year-end                                                 5.57        2.86        2.91
Federal funds purchased term and other borrowings:
  Year-end balance                                                                       $126,700    $ 36,858    $ 19,877
  Daily average balance                                                                    84,813      17,326      20,327
  Maximum end-of-month balance                                                            311,511      37,716     101,138
  Weighted average interest rate during year                                                 5.01%       2.88%       2.45%
  Weighted average interest rate at year-end                                                 5.70        2.59        3.97
</TABLE>
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase generally are overnight borrowing transactions.

10.  Income Taxes
The Corporation adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," ("FAS 109") retroactive to January 1,
1992.  FAS 109 requires, among other things, that an asset and liability
approach be applied to accounting for income taxes and that the
recognition of deferred tax assets be evaluated using a "more likely than
not" realizability criterion.  As a result of adopting FAS 109, 1992 net
income was increased by $4.6 million ($.47 per share).
     The components of the provision for income taxes that are
attributable to income from operations are as follows:














<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                          -------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                               1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                       <C>         <C>         <C>    
Current:
  Federal                                                                                 $11,347     $16,280     $10,543
  State and local                                                                           2,897      12,318      10,957
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
    Total current income taxes                                                             14,244      28,598      21,500
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
Deferred:
  Federal                                                                                    (687)      2,180       2,205
  State and local                                                                            (152)       (360)     (1,316)
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
    Total deferred income taxes                                                              (839)      1,820         889
                                                                                          -------     -------     -------
    Total                                                                                 $13,405     $30,418     $22,389
                                                                                          =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>
Deferred income taxes that are attributable to income from operations
resulted from:
<TABLE>
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                          -------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                               1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                         <C>       <C>         <C>     
Deferred employee benefits                                                                  $(980)    $(3,878)    $(3,248)
Trust and fiduciary activities                                                               (812)       (337)       (499)
Provision for credit losses                                                                  (575)       (706)     (1,367)
Other real estate                                                                             (17)      1,554         107
Depreciation expense                                                                          745       2,999       1,593
Leasing transactions                                                                          398          11         (17)
Alternative minimum tax                                                                         -       2,563       3,718
Federal tax rate change                                                                         -        (403)          -
Other, net                                                                                    402          17         602
                                                                                            -----     -------     -------
  Total                                                                                     $(839)    $ 1,820     $   889
                                                                                            =====     =======     =======
</TABLE>
A reconciliation of the Federal statutory income tax rate with the
Corporation's effective income tax rate attributable to income from
operations follows:






<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                Years Ended December 31,
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in Thousands)                                     1994     1994            1993    1993            1992    1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------         ---------------         ---------------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
Tax at U.S. Federal income tax rate                     $12,030     35.0 %       $25,440    35.0 %       $20,033    34.0 %
Increase (decrease) in effective rate resulting from:
    Tax-exempt interest income                           (1,668)    (4.9)         (2,466)   (3.4)         (3,562)   (6.0)
    State and local taxes, net of Federal
      income tax benefit                                  1,784      5.2           7,773    10.7           6,363    10.8
    Miscellaneous items                                   1,259      3.7            (329)   (0.5)           (445)   (0.8)
                                                        -------     ----         -------    ----         -------    ----
                                                        $13,405     39.0 %       $30,418    41.8 %       $22,389    38.0 %
                                                        =======     ====         =======    ====         =======    ====
</TABLE>
The components of income tax expense for the years ended December 31,
1994, 1993 and 1992 that are applicable to operations, cumulative effect
of changes in accounting principles and stockholders' equity follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                          -------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                               1994        1993        1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>           <C>       <C>     
Income taxes applicable to:
  Operations                                                                             $ 13,405      $30,418   $ 22,389
  Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles - Adoption of:
    FAS 106                                                                                     -           -     (10,579)
    FAS 109                                                                                     -           -      (4,609)
  Stockholders' equity:
    Change in fair value of securities available for sale                                 (10,399)      7,814           -
    Tax benefit on dividends paid to the ESOP on unallocated shares                          (310)       (683)       (507)
                                                                                         --------     -------    --------
    Total                                                                                $  2,696     $37,549    $  6,694
                                                                                         ========     =======    ========
</TABLE>
The components of the net deferred tax liability (asset) as of 
December 31, 1994 and 1993 follows:










<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                                  -----------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                                       1994            1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                              <C>             <C>      
Deferred tax (assets):
Deferred employee benefits                                                                       $(22,137)       $(21,212)
Trust and fiduciary activities                                                                    (10,025)         (9,239)
Allowance for credit losses                                                                        (6,746)         (6,186)
Leasing transactions                                                                               (3,745)         (3,400)
Other real estate                                                                                  (1,190)         (1,232)
Other                                                                                                (425)         (1,427)
                                                                                                 --------        --------
                                                                                                  (44,268)        (42,696)
                                                                                                 --------        --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
Premises and equipment                                                                             18,798          18,012
Other                                                                                                 442             494
                                                                                                 --------        --------
                                                                                                   19,240          18,506
                                                                                                 --------        --------
  Net deferred tax (asset)                                                                       $(25,028)       $(24,190)
                                                                                                 ========        ========
</TABLE>
The income tax effect of securities gains (losses), net was
$(19,898,000), $1,433,000 and $1,304,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.

11.  Long Term Debt
The composition of long term debt follows.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                                  -----------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                                       1994            1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                               <C>             <C>    
8 1/2% Capital Notes due 2001                                                                     $10,803         $12,453
8% Notes due 1996                                                                                  29,950          29,950
8.35% Senior Unsecured ESOP Notes due 1999                                                         16,171          18,697
Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings                                                                   4,000           4,000
                                                                                                  -------         -------
  Total                                                                                           $60,924         $65,100
                                                                                                  =======         =======
</TABLE>
The capital notes were issued by the Trust Company, and are subordinated
to deposits and certain other liabilities.  The capital notes require
annual sinking fund payments of $1,650,000; and are redeemable in whole
or in part, at the option of the Trust Company, subject to the approval
of any bank supervisory authority having jurisdiction, at an initial
redemption price of 104.25% of the principal amount, decreasing to 100%
of the principal amount in 1996 and thereafter, together with accrued
interest.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     The 8% notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the
Corporation.  They are not redeemable or callable by, or at the option
of, the Corporation at any time.
     The 8.35% Senior Unsecured ESOP Notes due 1999 ("ESOP Notes") are
obligations of the Corporation that require annual payments of principal
and interest.  The Corporation loaned the proceeds from the ESOP Notes to
the trust established to administer the 401(k) Plan and ESOP of United
States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies ("401(k) Plan")
on the same terms.  The 401(k) Plan used the proceeds to purchase 690,498
shares of common stock from the Corporation's treasury stock holdings for
an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("the ESOP").  (See "Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements No. 17.")  The ESOP Notes call for
principal repayments amounting to $2,737,000, $2,966,000, $3,213,000,
$3,482,000 and $3,773,000, payable annually on February 1, 1995, through
February 1, 1999.
     The Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") borrowings represent four
separate drawings of $1 million each, by U.S Trust Company of Texas,
N.A., with maturity dates between 1995 and 1999.  The FHLB borrowings
bear interest ranging between 5.56% and 6.43%.  Each FHLB borrowing is
collateralized by the pledge of qualifying assets.

12.  Stockholders' Equity
At the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 27, 1993, the shareholders
approved an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation which reduced
the par value of the Corporation's common stock from $5.00 per share to
$1.00 per share.  Effective as of that date $45,537,000 was transferred
from the Common Stock account to the Capital Surplus account.  In
addition, the shareholders approved an increase in the Corporation's
authorized common shares to 40 million from 20 million.  Neither of these
actions had any effect on the total amount of Stockholders' Equity.
     In April 1992, the Corporation's Board of Directors approved a 1.0
million common stock buyback program.  This was in addition to the 2.7
million common stock buyback program that had been previously approved. 
Through December 31, 1994, 3,031,787 shares of common stock have been
repurchased in the open market at an average cost of $39.87 per share. 
Of the total common shares repurchased, 90,000 common shares were
purchased in 1994 at a total cost of $4.6 million.
     The Corporation is authorized to issue up to 5.0 million, $1.00 par
value, preferred shares as of December 31, 1993.  No preferred shares
have been issued.






<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     The Corporation's banking subsidiaries are subject to limitations on
the amount of dividends they can pay to the Corporation without prior
approval of the bank regulatory authorities.  Under this limitation, the
banking subsidiaries can declare, in aggregate, dividends in 1995 without
approval of the regulatory authorities of approximately $33.9 million,
plus an additional amount equal to the banking subsidiaries' net income
for 1995 as of the dividend declaration date.  In addition, in 1992 the
Trust Company applied for, and was granted permission by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York, authority to pay a special dividend to the
Corporation of up to $50.0 million.  Under this special authority, the 
Trust Company has paid dividends to the Corporation of $5.0 million in
1994, $5.0 million in 1993 and $25.0 million in 1992.

13.  Contingencies
There are various pending and threatened actions and claims against the
Corporation and its subsidiaries in which the Corporation has denied
liability and which it will vigorously contest.  Management, after
consultation with counsel is of the opinion that the ultimate resolution
of such matters is unlikely to have any future material effect on the
Corporation's financial position or results of operations.

14.  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk
In the normal course of business, the Corporation enters into various
transactions involving off-balance sheet financial instruments to meet
the needs of its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations
in interest rates.  These transactions are subject to varying degrees of
market and credit risk.  As compensation for the risks assumed, these
instruments generate interest or fee revenue or expense.  The controls
used to monitor the credit and market risks of off-balance sheet
financial instruments are consistent with those associated with the
Corporation's on-balance sheet activities.

Credit-Related Financial Instruments
Credit-related financial instruments include firm commitments to extend
credit ("commitments"), standby letters of credit ("standbys") and
indemnifications in connection with securities lending activities
("securities lending").  The credit risk associated with these
instruments varies depending on the creditworthiness of the customer and
the value of the collateral held, if any.  Collateral requirements vary
by type of instrument.  The contractual amounts of these instruments
represent the amounts at risk should the contract be fully drawn upon and
the client default, with all collateral being worthless.







<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     Commitments are legally binding agreements to lend to a customer
that generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses,
may require payment of a fee and are not secured by collateral until
funds are advanced.  The Corporation evaluates each customer's
creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis prior to approving a commitment
or advancing funds under a commitment and determining the related
collateral requirement.  Collateral held includes marketable securities,
real estate mortgages or other assets.  The majority of the Corporation's
commitments are related to mortgage lending to private banking clients
and backup lines or credit for various financial institutions.  The
mortgage lending commitments are generally expected to be utilized, while
the backup lines of credit typically expire unused.  Commitments totaled
$121.4 million and $129.6 million at December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.
     Standbys are conditional commitments issued by the Corporation to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  Those
guaranties are issued to satisfy margin requirements incurred by
investment banking and broker/dealer companies for their activities
conducted on organized exchanges, to guarantee performance under lease
and other agreements by professional business corporations and for other
purposes.  The credit risk involved in issuing standbys is essentially
the same as that involved in extending loans.  Standbys outstanding at
December 31, 1994 and 1993 amounted to $79.1 million and $113.5 million,
respectively.  Collateral is obtained based on management's credit
assessment of the counterparty.  At December 31, 1994, $58.8 million of
the standbys outstanding were partially or fully secured by collateral
consisting of cash, marketable equity securities, marketable debt
securities (including corporate and U.S. Treasury debt securities) and
other assets, compared with $92.7 million at December 31, 1993. 
Approximately 56% of the standbys outstanding at December 31, 1994 expire
within one year compared with approximately 54% at December 31, 1993.
     The Trust Company has established a program through which
participating trust customers may lend their securities to
counterparties.  In certain cases, the Trust Company indemnifies the
trust customer for losses if the counterparty defaults and the collateral
received is insufficient to compensate for the loss of the loaned
securities.  Collateral value is monitored daily and additional
collateral is obtained when appropriate.  Securities lending obligations
subject to the Trust Company's indemnification amounted to 
$2,233.2 million at December 31, 1994 and $1,231.1 million at 
December 31, 1993.  Collateral, principally cash, held against these
security lending obligations totaled $2,270.0 million and 
$1,253.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.






<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Derivative Financial Instruments
From time to time, as part of its overall asset and liability management
process, the Corporation utilizes derivative financial instruments, such
as Swaps and FRAs as hedges.  Swaps are used to hedge the net yield
earned on pools of fixed rate residential real estate mortgage loans
originated in the year of the Swaps' inception.  FRAs are used to hedge
either the rate earned from the investment of a portion of the
Corporation's non-interest bearing deposit flows in pools of short term
investments, such as U.S. Treasury Bills and short term interest bearing
deposits with banks, or the rate earned on other anticipated short term
investments that are funded by other sources of funds.
     The market values associated with these instruments can vary
depending on movements in interest rates.  The measurement of the market
risks associated with these instruments is meaningful only when all
related and offsetting transactions are identified.  The notional or
contractual amounts of these instruments are indications of the volume of
transactions and do not represent amounts at risk.  The amounts at risk
upon default are generally limited to the unrealized market valuation
gains of the instruments and will vary based on changes in interest
rates.  The risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the
counterparty to the instrument.  The Corporation evaluates the
creditworthiness of its counterparties as part of its normal credit
review procedures.
     At December 31, 1994 and 1993, the Corporation was a counterparty to
Swaps with a total notional principal amount of $86 million and 
$103 million, respectively.  Swaps involve the exchange of fixed and
floating rate interest payment obligations computed on notional principal
amounts.  The Corporation enters into Swaps with counterparties as a
principal.  Outstanding Swaps had a weighted average maturity of
approximately 13 months at December 31, 1994 and 19 months at 
December 31, 1993.
     FRAs involve the exchange of net interest differentials calculated
as the difference between a contractual interest rate and a market
interest rate determined on the contract's settlement date.  At 
ecember 31, 1994, the Corporation had no FRAs outstanding, compared with
a total notional principal amount of $150 million outstanding at 
December 31, 1993.  Outstanding FRAs at December 31, 1993 had a weighted
average maturity of approximately 90 days.

15.  Rental Commitments on Premises and Equipment
Substantially all of the Corporation's operations are conducted from
premises that are leased.  The initial lease periods expire between 1995
and 2016.  The lease for the Corporation's headquarters building expires
in 2014 and is renewable at the Corporation's option for two successive
terms of ten years each at the then current market rate.  In addition,
the Corporation leases data processing equipment under leases with
expiration dates ranging from two to seven years.  Management expects
that in the normal course of business most leases will be renewed or
replaced by other leases.

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     Rent expense on operating leases for the years 1994, 1993 and 1992,
net of sublease rentals, was $35,326,000, $35,799,000 and $35,021,000,
respectively.  Operating lease rent expense includes adjustments
amounting to $2,676,000 in 1994, $2,584,000 in 1993 and $2,222,000 in
1992 for increases in real estate taxes, labor costs and certain
operating expenses of the landlords, net of similar adjustments applied
on sublease rentals.
     A schedule of future minimum rental payments that have noncancelable
lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 1994 follows. 
Rental commitments related ot the Chase Acquired Business have been
included in the schedule and amounted to approximately $50 million of the
total minimum payments required.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                                  Minimum
(In Thousands)                                                                                                    Rentals
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                              <C>     
Year Ending December 31:
1995                                                                                                             $ 28,822
1996                                                                                                               29,285
1997                                                                                                               27,929
1998                                                                                                               28,077
1999                                                                                                               28,154
Later years                                                                                                       262,225
                                                                                                                 --------
  Total minimum payments required                                                                                $404,492
                                                                                                                 ========
</TABLE>
The foregoing minimum rental amounts include, and are subject to
escalations based upon increases in certain operating expenses incurred
by the lessors.

16.  Incentive Compensation Plans
The Corporation sponsors a 401(k) Plan and ESOP covering all employees
who satisfy a one year service requirement.  The 401(k) Plan provides
that, depending upon the Corporation satisfying certain profitability
criteria and other factors, eligible employees receive annual awards
calculated as a percentage of such employees' compensation.  Awards to
senior officers are calculated under the provisions of the Annual
Incentive Plan ("AIP"), while awards to non-senior officers and other
employees are governed by the terms of the Incentive Award Plan ("IAP"). 
Awards under either the AIP or IAP plan are comprised of an ESOP award,
which is mandatorily contributed to the 401(k) Plan, and of an elective
award, which may be taken in cash or, subject to certain limitations,
deferred and contributed to the 401(k) Plan.  Total incentive awards were
$26.8 million, $26.0 million and $23.8 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     The ESOP had originally purchased 690,498 shares of the
Corporation's common stock with borrowed funds (See "Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements No. 11").  Debt service requirements
are satisfied through the dividends received by the ESOP and the ESOP
award to the extent required.  Any remaining ESOP award is invested in
the U.S. Trust Corporation Stock Fund of the 401(k) Plan.  Unallocated
ESOP shares are as collateral for its debt.  As the debt is repaid,
shares are released from collateral and allocated to active employees.
     All dividends declared on allocated and unallocated ESOP shares are
recorded as deductions from retained earnings.  The related tax benefits
for dividends paid on allocated shares are recorded in the Consolidated
Statement of Income as a reduction of Income Tax Expense.  The tax
benefits for dividends paid on unallocated shares are recorded in the
Consolidated Statement of Condition as an increase in Retained Earnings.
     The external borrowings related to the ESOP are included in the
Consolidated Statement of Condition under the caption "Long Term Debt." 
The original cost of the ESOP shares has been recorded in the
Consolidated Statement of Condition caption Stockholders' Equity - Loan
to ESOP.  As annual debt service payments are made, the balances in Long
Term Debt and Loan to ESOP are reduced.  For earnings per share purposes,
shares held by the ESOP, both allocated and unallocated, are considered
to be outstanding.
     At December 31, 1994, 414,199 shares of stock held by the ESOP have
been allocated to participant accounts, including 69,075 shares that have
been allocated based upon the anticipated February 1, 1995 debt service
payment.  Unallocated shares at December 31, 1994 amounted to 276,299. 
The Corporation has no obligation to repurchase any ESOP shares from
either the ESOP or any participants in the 401(k) Plan.
     The Corporation's 1989 Stock Compensation Plan ("the 1989 Plan")
governs the granting of stock option, restricted common stock and Long
- -Term Performance ("LTP") awards to eligible employees.  The 1989 Plan,
as amended in April 1992, authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 1.3
million common shares plus common shares previously authorized but not
utilized under certain predecessor stock compensation plans.  At 
December 31, 1994, the Corporation had 343,761 shares of common stock
available for issuance as restricted stock awards, incentive stock
options, non-qualified stock options and performance share units.
     Awards of restricted common stock to key executives are contingent
upon their continued employment, generally between two to seven years. 
The fair value of the shares at the date of grant is recorded as
compensation expense over the restriction period.  At December 31, 1994,
a total of 90,296 shares with an unamortized cost of $1,844,000 were
outstanding with restrictions.  During 1994, 34,550 shares with an
aggregate fair value at their date of grant of approximately $1,771,000
were awarded.  The expense recognized for the plan amounted to $1,521,000
in 1994, $1,465,000 in 1993 and $1,240,000 in 1992.
     Under the 1989 Plan, the Corporation may award either incentive
stock options or non-qualified stock options.  The options expire ten
years from the date of grant and their exercise price is not less than
the fair value of a common share on the date of grant.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     In 1989, the shareholders of the Corporation approved the Stock
Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of U.S. Trust Corporation ("the
Directors Plan").  The Directors Plan provides for the granting of non
qualified options to non-employee directors, as defined in the Directors
Plan.  The Directors Plan authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 125,000
shares of common stock.  The options expire ten years from the date of
grant and their exercise price is not less than the fair value of a
common share on the date of grant.
     The following is a combined summary of option transactions which
occurred under the 1989 Plan and the Directors Plan during 1994, 1993 and
1992.
<TABLE>
                                                                                      Shares
                                                                                       Under                 Option Price
                                                                                      Option                    Per Share
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                <C>                     <C>           
Balance, January 1. 1992                                                           1,188,133               $16.72 - 42.13
  Granted                                                                            210,000                44.75 - 49.63
  Exercised                                                                         (128,497)               16.72 - 38.75
  Cancelled                                                                          (17,238)               30.75 - 44.75
                                                                                   ---------               --------------
Balance, December 31, 1992                                                         1,252,398                16.72 - 49.63
  Granted                                                                            179,200                        53.88
  Exercised                                                                         (135,080)               16.72 - 44.75
  Cancelled                                                                           (9,345)               28.00 - 53.88
                                                                                   ---------               --------------
Balance, December 31, 1993                                                         1,287,173                19.00 - 53.88
  Granted                                                                            205,000                51.25 - 51.60
  Exercised                                                                         (145,080)               19.00 - 53.88
  Cancelled                                                                          (27,084)               19.00 - 53.88
                                                                                   ---------               --------------
Balance, December 31, 1994                                                         1,320,009               $27.75 - 53.88
                                                                                   =========               ==============
</TABLE>
Options exercisable at December 31, 1994 and 1993 amounted to 812,305
shares and 750,121 shares, respectively.
     LTP awards are calculated as a percentage of such officers'
compensation to the extent that certain goals defined in the plan are
met.  LTP awards are based upon three-year cycles.  Awards are charged to
expense over the three-year cycle subject to the Corporation meeting the
goals specified for the award cycle.  The Corporation provided for awards
of $5,097,000, $4,222,000 and $3,691,000 for the LTP in the years 1994,
1993 and 1992.

17.  Health Care and Life Insurance Benefits
The Corporation provides certain health care and life insurance benefits
for all employees, certain qualifying retired employees and their
dependents.

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     The Corporation adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions," ("FAS 106") retroactive to January 1, 1992, using the
immediate recognition method.  FAS 106 requires that employers accrue,
during the years that the employee renders service, the expected cost of
providing health care and life insurance and other benefits to an
employee upon retirement.  Under the immediate recognition transition
method, the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of 
$23.0 million, net of deferred taxes of $10.6 million, was charged
against 1992 net income.  In addition, employee benefits expense was
increased by $2.2 million ($1.4 million after taxes) reflecting the
ongoing impact of FAS 106.
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation's postretirement health
care plans were amended to change the health care insurance cost-sharing
formula for retirees and their qualified dependents.  Under the revised
cost-sharing formula, the Corporation will not absorb any insurance
premium cost increases after 1999.  The impact of this amendment 
($8.5 million reduction in the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation) is being amortized over the estimated remaining service lives
of the affected employee group of 11 years, commencing in 1993.
     The following tables detail the components of expense for the
Corporation's unfunded postretirement health care and life insurance
plans and the composition of the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                Years Ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1994                        1993                       1992
                                         ------------------------     -----------------------    -----------------------
(In Thousands)                           Health     Life    Total     Health    Life    Total    Health    Life    Total
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>     <C>    
Components of postretirement
 benefit expense:(1)
  Service cost                          $   395  $   131  $   526   $   436  $   109  $   545   $   915  $  102  $ 1,017
  Interest cost                             949      586    1,535     1,099      465    1,564     1,704     331    2,035
  Amortization of prior
   service cost                            (812)       -     (812)     (771)       -     (771)        -       -        -
  Amortization of loss                        4      247      251         -       97       97         -       -        -
                                        -------  -------  -------   -------  -------  -------   -------  ------  -------
    Net postretirement benefit
     expense                            $   536  $   964  $ 1,500   $   764  $   671  $ 1,435   $ 2,619  $  433  $ 3,052
                                        =======  =======  =======   =======  =======  =======   =======  ======  =======




<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Composition of accumulated post-
  retirement benefit obligation:(1)
    Retirees (including covered
      dependents)                       $ 3,996  $ 4,465  $ 8,461   $ 4,252  $ 4,234  $ 8,486   $ 5,390  $1,994  $ 7,384
    Fully eligible active employees       2,919    1,344    4,263     3,209      926    4,135     2,381     713    3,094
    Other active employees                5,845    1,782    7,627     8,237    2,039   10,276     5,455   1,635    7,090
                                        -------  -------  -------   -------  -------  -------   -------  ------  -------
      Total obligation                   12,760    7,591   20,351    15,698    7,199   22,897    13,226   4,342   17,568
    Unrecognized prior service
      cost amendment                      7,354        -    7,354     7,713        -    7,713     8,484       -    8,484
    Unrecognized net gain (loss)          1,531   (3,729)  (2,198)   (1,659)  (3,599)  (5,258)     (123    (725)    (848)
                                        -------  -------  -------   -------  -------  -------   -------  ------  -------
      Accrued liability                 $21,645  $ 3,862  $25,507   $21,752  $ 3,600  $25,352   $21,587  $3,617  $25,204
                                        =======  =======  =======   =======  =======  =======   =======  ======  =======

(1) The postretirement benefit expense is determined using the assumptions as of the beginning of the year.  The
    accumulated postretirement benefit obligation is determined using the assumptions as of the end of the year.
</TABLE>
The assumed rate of future increases in per capita cost of health care
benefits (the health care cost trend rate) is 12.9% in 1995, decreasing
gradually to 6% in the year 2009.  An increase in the health care cost
trend rate by 1% will increase the annual net postretirement benefit
expense by approximately $66,000 and the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation by approximately $621,000.
     A discount rate of 8.25% was used at December 31, 1994 to measure
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.

18.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about
Fair Value of Financial Instruments," ("FAS 107") requires the disclosure
of the estimated fair values of financial instruments.  Substantially all
of the Corporation's assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet products
are considered financial instruments as defined by FAS 107.  Fair value
is defined as the price at which a financial instrument could be
liquidated in an orderly manner over a reasonable time period under
present market conditions.
     FAS 107 requires that the fair value of financial instruments be
estimated using various valuation methodologies.  Quoted market prices,
when available, are used as the measure of fair value.  Where quoted
market prices are not available, fair values have been estimated using
primarily discounted cash flow analyses and other valuation techniques. 
These derived fair values are significantly affected by assumptions used,
principally the timing of future cash flows and the discount rate. 
Because assumptions are inherently subjective, the estimated fair values
cannot be substantiated by comparison to third party evidence and may not
be indicative of the value that could be realized in a sale or settlement
of the financial instrument.


<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     The relevance of this information is also severely constrained
because FAS 107 provides only a partial estimate of the fair value of the
Corporation.  The FAS 107 disclosures do not provide an estimated fair
value of the various ongoing businesses in which the Corporation
operates. For example, FAS 107 specifically excludes the fair value of
certain fee generating businesses, the value of long-term trust
relationships and anticipated future business activities from its scope.
     A discussion of the fair value estimation methodologies used for
material financial instruments follows.

Loans
The estimated fair value of the Corporation's performing fixed rate loans
(primarily residential real estate mortgages) was calculated by
discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for current prepayment
estimates.  The discount rates were based on the interest rates charged
to current customers for comparable loans.  The Corporation's performing
adjustable rate loans reprice frequently at current market rates. 
Therefore, the fair value of these loans has been estimated to be
approximately equal to their carrying amount.  Estimated fair value for
nonperforming loans was based upon a discounted estimated cash flow
method and, for residential real estate mortgage loans, current
appraisals.  The discount rate used was commensurate with the risk
associated with the estimated cash flows.  See "Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements No. 6" for additional discussion of the
Corporation's entire loan portfolio.

Securities
The estimated fair value of securities is based upon quoted bid market
prices, where available, or fair value quotes obtained from third party
pricing services.  See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
No. 5" for additional discussion of securities.

Long Term Debt
The estimated fair value of long term debt was calculated using a
discounted cash flow method, where the estimated cash flows considered
contractual principal and interest payments, as well as required sinking
fund payments.  The discount rate used consisted of two components. 
First, the credit risk spread was determined for each debt issue i.e.,
the spread that the Corporation paid over the comparable risk-free rate
at the date of issuance.  The credit risk spread was added to the current
risk-free market interest rate for the comparable remaining maturity. 
See "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 11" for
additional discussion of long term debt.
     A comparison of the fair value and carrying amounts of the
Corporation's significant on-balance sheet financial instruments follows.




<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                 1994                      1993
                                                                 --------------------      --------------------
                                                                 Carrying        Fair      Carrying        Fair
(In Millions)                                                      Amount       Value        Amount       Value
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
Loans                                                              $1,612*     $1,582        $1,385*     $1,404
Securities:
  Available for sale                                                1,034       1,034           837         837
  Held to maturity                                                      -           -            87          87
Long term debt                                                         61          59            65          70

*  Net of allowance for credit losses.
</TABLE>
Interest Rate Swap Agreements
The Corporation is a net fixed rate payor under its Swaps and at 
December 31, 1994 and 1993 had a net payable of $111,000 and $468,000,
respectively.  Swaps are used as a hedge of the Corporation's funding of
various fixed rate interest earning assets.  The estimated fair value of
Swaps are obtained from dealer quotes.  These values represent the
estimated amount that the Corporation would have to pay to terminate the
Swaps, taking into account current interest rates and, when appropriate,
the current creditworthiness of the counterparties.  See "Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements No. 14" for additional discussion of
Swaps.

Forward Rate Agreements
FRAs are used as a hedge of the Corporation's short-term interest earning
assets.  The estimated fair value of FRAs are obtained from dealer
quotes.  There were no FRAs outstanding at December 31, 1994.  The fair
value of FRAs at December 31, 1993 was nominal.  See "Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements No. 14" for additional discussion of
FRAs.
     A comparison of the fair value and notional amounts of the
Corporation's significant off-balance sheet financial instruments
follows.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                                                                 1994                      1993
                                                                 --------------------      --------------------
                                                                 Notional        Fair      Notional        Fair
(In Millions)                                                      Amount       Value        Amount       Value
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>
Interest rate swap agreements                                         $86        $1.0          $103       $(4.0)
Forward rate agreements                                                 -           -           150         0.1


<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Other Financial Instruments
The Corporation's other financial instruments are generally short-term in
nature and contain very little credit risk.  These instruments consist of
cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits with banks, Federal
funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, accrued
interest receivable and accounts receivable, demand deposit liabilities,
time deposit liabilities, Federal fund purchased, securities sold under
agreements to repurchase, other borrowings and accrued interest payable
and accounts payable.  Consequently, carrying amounts of these assets and
liabilities approximate estimated fair value.

19.  Retirement Plan
The following table details the components of pension expense (credit)
and the funded status of the Corporation's qualified and non-qualified
retirement plans and the major assumptions used to determine these
amounts.































<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                                  Qualified Plan                       Non-Qualified Plan
                                              ----------------------------------      -----------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                    1994         1993         1992           1994         1993         1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>          <C>    
Components of pension expense (credit): 
  Service cost                                $  5,615     $  5,072     $  4,267        $   838      $   260      $   157
  Interest cost                                  9,534        9,212        8,313            658          355          396
  Actual return on plan assets                  14,854      (31,233)     (15,892)             -            -            -
  Net amortization and deferral                (33,447)      15,189          821            339          110          191
                                              --------     --------     --------        -------      -------      -------
    Net pension expense (credit)              $ (3,444)    $ (1,760)    $ (2,491)       $ 1,835      $   725      $   744
                                              ========     ========     ========        =======      =======      =======
Funded status of retirement plans:
  Plan assets, at market value                $174,915     $194,141     $167,180        $     -      $     -      $     -
  Actuarial present value of benefit
    obligations:
    Accumulated benefit obligations:
        Vested                                  98,956       99,757       78,468          4,361        2,684        1,749
        Non-vested                               7,360        7,519        6,559            507          209          205
                                              --------     --------     --------        -------      -------      -------
    Total                                      106,316      107,276       85,027          4,868        2,893        1,954
    Provision for future salary increases       15,503       18,370       17,916          3,609        2,130        2,626
                                              --------     --------     --------        -------      -------      -------
    Projected benefit obligations              121,819      125,646      102,943          8,477        5,023        4,580
                                              --------     --------     --------        -------      -------      -------
  Excess of plan assets over projected
    benefit obligations                         53,096       68,495       64,237         (8,477)      (5,023)      (4,580)
  Unrecognized cumulative net losses (gains)   (13,446)     (32,072)     (27,366)           995        1,283        1,459
  Prior service cost not yet recognized
    in periodic pension costs                     (396)       1,786        1,976          2,212          245          270
  Unrecognized net liability (asset)
    at date of initial application             (16,791)     (19,189)     (21,588)           362          414          466
                                              --------     --------     --------        -------      -------      -------
    Prepaid (accrued) pension cost            $ 22,463     $ 19,020     $ 17,259        $(4,908)     $(3,081)     $(2,385)
                                              ========     ========     ========        =======      =======      =======
Major assumptions at year-end (1):
  Discount rate                                   8.25%         7.5%         8.5%          8.25%         7.5%         8.5%
  Rate of increase in compensation                 4.5%         4.5%         5.5%           4.5%         4.5%         5.5%
  Expected rate of return on plan assets             9%           9%           9%             9%           9%           9%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) The pension expense (credit) is determined using the assumptions as of the beginning of the year.  The funded status
    is determined using the assumptions as of the end of the year.
</TABLE>
The Corporation uses the projected unit credit cost method to compute the
vested benefit obligation, where the vested benefit obligation is the
actuarial present value of the vested benefits to which the employee is
entitled based on the employee's expected date of separation or
retirement.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



20.  Parent Company Only
Condensed statements of income, condition and cash flows for U.S. Trust
Corporation (Parent Company Only) follow.
<TABLE>
                                                                                                Years Ended December 31,
STATEMENT OF INCOME                                                                    ---------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                            1993         1993         1992
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>          <C>          <C>    
Income:
  Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Subsidiaries:
    Bank                                                                               $21,607      $41,746      $34,046 *
    Non-Bank                                                                             8,386        1,862       (1,358)*
  Interest Income                                                                        2,740        2,658        3,228
                                                                                       -------      -------      -------
Total Income                                                                            32,733       46,266       35,916
                                                                                       -------      -------      -------
Expenses:
  Interest Expense                                                                       3,779        4,131        4,186
  Other Expenses                                                                        14,357          585        2,240
                                                                                       -------      -------      -------
Total Expenses                                                                          18,136        4,716        6,422
                                                                                       -------      -------      -------
Income Before Income Taxes                                                              14,597       41,550       29,494
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                                                            (6,370)        (717)         743
                                                                                       -------      -------      -------
Net Income                                                                             $20,967      $42,267      $28,751
                                                                                       =======      =======      =======

*  Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Subsidiaries includes the impact of adopting FAS 106 and FAS 109.
</TABLE>


















<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
<TABLE>
                                                                                                             December 31,
STATEMENT OF CONDITION                                                                             ----------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                                         1994          1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                <C>           <C>     
ASSETS
Due from Subsidiary                                                                                $    807      $    219
Due from Other Banks                                                                                     61            14
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Total Due from Banks                                                                                    868           233
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Equity Investments in Subsidiaries:
  Bank                                                                                              239,370       229,239
  Non-Bank                                                                                           34,541        34,165
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Total Equity Investments in Subsidiaries                                                            273,911       263,404
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Securities Available for Sale, at Estimated Fair Value                                               27,110        24,078
Other Assets                                                                                         19,735         5,590
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Total Assets                                                                                       $321,624      $293,305
                                                                                                   ========      ========

LIABILITIES
Due to Subsidiary                                                                                  $      -      $  1,500
Other Liabilities                                                                                    52,180        14,571
Long Term Debt                                                                                       46,121        48,647
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Total Liabilities                                                                                    98,301        64,718
                                                                                                   --------      --------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                                          223,323       228,587
                                                                                                   --------      --------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                                                         $321,624      $293,305
                                                                                                   ========      ========
</TABLE>
















<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                                 ---------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                                                             1994         1993         1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                    <C>          <C>          <C>     
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net Income                                                                             $ 20,967     $ 42,267     $ 28,751
Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities:
  Equity in Net (Income) of Subsidiaries                                                (29,993)     (43,608)     (32,688)
  Dividends Received from Subsidiaries                                                   11,810       30,000       43,836
  Deferred Income Taxes                                                                  (2,281)       2,445        3,577
  Net Change in Accruals, Receivables and Other Assets                                  (11,493)      (5,750)         622
  Net Change in Accruals, Payables and Other Liabilities                                 37,326        6,399        2,188
  Other, Net                                                                                310          683          508
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities                                                26,646       32,436       46,794
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Investments in Subsidiaries                                                              (3,800)     (17,028)     (11,900)
Net Change in Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell                                 -       19,289      (19,289)
Securities:
  Proceeds from Sales                                                                     8,554            -        3,778
  Proceeds from Maturities, Calls and Mandatory Redemptions                               1,601        2,234        1,927
  Purchases                                                                             (13,969)     (14,517)           -
Net Change in Loans to Subsidiaries                                                           -          700         (700)
Principal Payment from ESOP                                                               2,526        2,332        2,152
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities                                      (5,088)      (6,990)     (24,032)
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Net Change in Loans from Subsidiaries                                                    (1,500)       1,500            -
Net Change in Short-Term Borrowings                                                           -       (5,000)       5,000
Repayment of Long Term Debt                                                              (2,526)      (2,332)      (2,152)
Issuance of Common Stock Under Employee Benefit Plans                                     6,143        5,653        3,745
Purchases of Treasury Stock                                                              (4,573)      (8,485)     (13,277)
Dividends Paid                                                                          (18,467)     (17,205)     (15,570)
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities                                     (20,923)     (25,869)     (22,254)
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                     635         (423)         508
Cash and Cash Equivalents at January 1                                                      233          656          148
                                                                                       --------     --------     --------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at December 31                                               $    868     $    233     $    656
                                                                                       ========     ========     ========
Income Taxes Paid (Refund) Received                                                    $  4,475     $  5,285     $   (592)
Interest Expense Paid                                                                     3,972        4,258        4,392
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



21.  Quarterly Consolidated Statement of Income (Unaudited)
<TABLE>
                                                                                1994                                  1993
                                                ------------------------------------   -----------------------------------
(In Thousands, Except                           Fourth     Third    Second     First     Fourth    Third   Second    First
Per Share Amounts)                             Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter    Quarter  Quarter  Quarter  Quarter
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>    
Net Interest Income                           $ 25,721  $ 28,013  $ 26,348  $ 28,030   $ 27,683  $31,588  $27,284  $29,687
Provision for Credit Losses                        500       500       500       500        500    1,000    1,250    1,250
                                              --------  --------  --------  --------   --------  -------  -------  -------
Net Interest Income After Provision for
  Credit Losses                                 25,221    27,513    25,848    27,530     27,183   30,588   26,034   28,437
Total Fees and Other Income                     40,510    76,976    75,433    77,276     75,714   68,683   67,353   64,213
                                              --------  --------  --------  --------   --------  -------  -------  -------
Total Operating Income Net of Interest
  Expense and Provision for Credit Losses       65,731   104,489   101,281   104,806    102,897   99,271   93,387   92,650
Total Operating Expenses                        94,313    82,522    82,329    82,771     87,711   78,328   76,534   72,947
                                              --------  --------  --------  --------   --------  -------  -------  -------
Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes              (28,582)   21,967    18,952    22,035     15,186   20,943   16,853   19,703
Income Taxes                                   (13,036)    9,022     8,054     9,365      6,038    9,027    7,078    8,275
                                              --------  --------  --------  --------   --------  -------  -------  -------
Net Income (Loss)                             $(15,546) $ 12,945  $ 10,898  $ 12,670   $  9,148  $11,916  $ 9,775  $11,428
                                              ========  ========  ========  ========   ========  =======  =======  =======
Net Income (Loss) Per Share:
  Primary                                     $  (1.65) $   1.31  $   1.10  $   1.28   $    .92  $  1.20  $   .99  $  1.16
                                              ========  ========  ========  ========   ========  =======  =======  =======
  Fully Diluted                               $  (1.65) $   1.30  $   1.10  $   1.28   $    .92  $  1.20  $   .99  $  1.15
                                              ========  ========  ========  ========   ========  =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>

Report of Independent Accountants



To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of U.S. Trust Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of
U.S. Trust Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993,
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in
stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 1994.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the financial statements based on our audits.





<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.
     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
U.S. Trust Corporation and Subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and 1993,
and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
     As discussed in Notes 10 and 17 to the consolidated financial
statements, U.S. Trust Corporation and Subsidiaries has adopted Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes,"
and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," retroactive
to January 1, 1992.


Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.


New York, New York
February 14, 1995




















<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Analysis of Change in Net Interest Income
For the Years Ended December 31,
The following table, on a taxable equivalent basis, is an analysis of the
year-to-year changes in the categories of interest income and interest
expense resulting from changes in volume and rate.
<TABLE>
                                                        1994 Compared to 1993                       1993 Compared to 1992
                                        Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in:       Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in:
                                        -------------------------------------       -------------------------------------
                                        Average        Average                      Average        Average
(In Thousands)                          Balance           Rate          Total       Balance           Rate          Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>     
Interest Earning Assets:
Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks..  $(3,079)      $  1,577       $ (1,502)      $  (137)      $ (1,089)      $ (1,226)
Loans (1)(2)..........................   14,912          2,373         17,285        11,112         (4,068)         7,044
Federal Funds Sold and Securities
  Purchased Under Agreements to Resell   (5,917)         2,731         (3,186)        5,662         (1,787)         3,875
Securities (3):
  U.S. Government Obligations.........   21,851        (10,190)        11,661        (7,451)        (1,601)        (9,052)
  Federal Agency Obligations..........   (4,288)         2,070         (2,218)       16,368         (8,490)         7,878
  State and Municipal Obligations.....   (2,677)          (958)        (3,635)       (5,056)          (421)        (5,477)
  Collateralized Mortgage Obligations.   (5,333)         2,670         (2,663)       (4,890)        (4,219)        (9,109)
  Other Securities....................      440            178            618           339           (310)            29
                                        -------       --------       --------       -------       --------       --------
Total Securities......................    9,993         (6,230)         3,763          (690)       (15,041)       (15,731)
                                        -------       --------       --------       -------       --------       --------
Total Interest Earning Assets.........   15,909            451         16,360        15,947        (21,985)        (6,038)
                                        -------       --------       --------       -------       --------       --------
Interest Bearing Sources of Funds:
Interest Bearing Deposits.............    2,966          7,484         10,450         5,090        (10,062)        (4,972)
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities
  Sold Under Agreements to
  Repurchase and Other Borrowings.....    9,053          6,430         15,483        (3,500)        (2,347)        (5,847)
Long Term Debt........................      253            (34)          (287)          (84)           (62)          (146)
                                        -------       --------       --------       -------       --------       --------
Total Sources on Which Interest
  is Paid.............................   11,766         13,880         25,646         1,506        (12,471)       (10,965)
                                        -------       --------       --------       -------       --------       --------
Change in Net Interest Income.........  $ 4,143       $(13,429)      $ 19,286       $14,441       $ (9,514)      $  4,927
                                        =======       ========       ========       =======       ========       ========

    Changes that are not due solely to volume or rate have been allocated ratably to their respective categories.
(1) The average principal balances of non-accrual and reduced rate loans are included in the above figures.
(2) Loans include the Loan to ESOP, which had an average balance of $16,385,000 in 1994, $18,902,000 in 1993 and
    $21,211,000 in 1992.
(3) Includes securities classified as available for sale and held to maturity during 1994 and at December 31, 1993 at
    amortized cost and securities classified as investment securities in 1992.  The average balance and average rate for
    securities available for sale has been calculated using their amortized cost.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Three-Year Net Interest Income and Average Balances
For the Years Ended December 31,
<TABLE>
                                                                                                                     1994
                                                                       --------------------------------------------------
                                                                          Average                                 Average
(Dollars in Thousands)                                                    Balance            Interest                Rate
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                   <C>                     <C>
ASSETS
Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks...............................    $   82,632            $  3,546                4.29
                                                                       ----------            --------
Securities (1):
  U.S. Government Obligations......................................       768,798              34,718                4.52
  Federal Agency Obligations.......................................       598,097              36,194                6.05
  State and Municipal Obligations (2)..............................        81,189               8,068                9.94
  Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (3)..........................        79,972               3,533                4.42
  Other Securities.................................................        52,774               2,135                4.05
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Securities...................................................     1,580,830              84,648                5.35
                                                                       ----------            --------
Loans (2)(4)(5)....................................................     1,324,285              94,549                7.14
                                                                       ----------            --------
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under
  Agreements to Resell.............................................       243,944               9,027                3.70
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Interest Earning Assets......................................     3,231,691             191,770                5.93
                                                                       ----------            --------
Allowance for Credit Losses........................................       (14,093)
Cash and Due From Banks............................................       321,549
Other Assets.......................................................       465,752
                                                                       ----------
Total Assets.......................................................    $4,004,899
                                                                       ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Interest Bearing Deposits..........................................    $1,373,421              47,928                3.49
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under Agreements to
  Repurchase and Other Borrowings..................................       595,994              25,992                4.36
Long Term Debt.....................................................        62,513               5,084                8.13
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Sources on Which Interest is Paid............................     2,031,928              79,004                3.89
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Non-Interest Bearing Deposits................................     1,565,158
Other Liabilities..................................................       164,443
Stockholders' Equity (5)...........................................       243,370
                                                                       ----------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity.........................    $4,004,899
                                                                       ==========
Net Interest Income................................................                          $112,766
                                                                                             ========
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets...............................                                                  3.49
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Includes securities classified as available for sale and held to maturity during 1994
    and at December 31, 1993 at amortized cost and securities classified as investment
    securities in 1992.  The average balance and average rate for securities available
    for sale has been calculated using their amortized cost.
(2) Yields on state and municipal obligations are stated on a taxable equivalent basis,
    employing the Federal statutory income tax rate adjusted for the effect of state and
    local taxes, resulting in effective tax rate of approximately 47% for 1994, 1993 
    and 1992.
(3) Primarily comprised of variable rate collateralized mortgage obligations.
(4) The average principal balances of non-accrual and reduced rate loans are included
    in the above figures.
(5) Loans include the Loan to ESOP, which had an average balance of $16,385,000 in 1994,
    $18,902,000 in 1993 and $21,211,000 in 1992.
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                                                                                     1993
                                                                       --------------------------------------------------
                                                                          Average                                 Average
(Dollars in Thousands)                                                    Balance            Interest                Rate
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                   <C>                    <C>
ASSETS
Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks...............................    $  154,376            $  5,048                3.27
                                                                       ----------            --------
Securities (1):
  U.S. Government Obligations......................................       394,717              23,057                5.84
  Federal Agency Obligations.......................................       668,951              38,412                5.74
  State and Municipal Obligations (2)..............................       107,463              11,703               10.89
  Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (3)..........................       200,714               6,196                3.09
  Other Securities.................................................        41,571               1,517                3.65
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Securities...................................................     1,413,416              80,885                5.72
                                                                       ----------            --------
Loans (2)(4)(5)....................................................     1,114,575              77,264                6.93
                                                                       ----------            --------
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under
  Agreements to Resell.............................................       403,846              12,213                3.02
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Interest Earning Assets......................................     3,086,213             175,410                5.68
                                                                       ----------            --------
Allowance for Credit Losses........................................       (13,601)
Cash and Due From Banks............................................       324,802
Other Assets.......................................................       423,888
                                                                       ----------
Total Assets.......................................................    $3,821,302
                                                                       ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Interest Bearing Deposits..........................................    $1,277,467              37,478                2.93
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under Agreements to
  Repurchase and Other Borrowings..................................       356,199              10,509                2.95
Long Term Debt.....................................................        65,619               5,371                8.19
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Sources on Which Interest is Paid............................     1,699,285              53,358                3.14
                                                                       ----------            --------
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Total Non-Interest Bearing Deposits................................     1,760,892
Other Liabilities..................................................       135,749
Stockholders' Equity (5)...........................................       225,376
                                                                       ----------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity.........................    $3,821,302
                                                                       ==========
Net Interest Income................................................                          $122,052
                                                                                             ========
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets...............................                                                  3.95
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
                                                                                                                     1992
                                                                      ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                          Average                                 Average
(Dollars in Thousands)                                                    Balance            Interest                Rate
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                   <C>                    <C>
ASSETS
Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks...............................    $  157,903            $  6,274                3.97%
                                                                       ----------            --------
Securities (1):
  U.S. Government Obligations......................................       521,049              32,109                6.16
  Federal Agency Obligations.......................................       435,502              30,534                7.01
  State and Municipal Obligations (2)..............................       153,795              17,180               11.17
  Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (3)..........................       329,014              15,305                4.65
  Other Securities.................................................        33,858               1,488                4.40
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Securities...................................................     1,473,218              96,616                6.56
                                                                       ----------            --------
Loans (2)(4)(5)....................................................       962,301              70,220                7.30
                                                                       ----------            --------
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under
  Agreements to Resell.............................................       240,520               8,338                3.47
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Interest Earning Assets......................................     2,833,942             181,448                6.40
                                                                       ----------            --------
Allowance for Credit Losses........................................       (10,446)
Cash and Due From Banks............................................       286,450
Other Assets.......................................................       378,032
                                                                       ----------
Total Assets.......................................................    $3,487,978
                                                                       ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Interest Bearing Deposits..........................................    $1,140,696              42,450                3.72
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities Sold Under Agreements to
  Repurchase and Other Borrowings..................................       466,506              16,356                3.51
Long Term Debt.....................................................        66,647               5,517                8.28
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Sources on Which Interest is Paid............................     1,673,849              64,323                3.84
                                                                       ----------            --------
Total Non-Interest Bearing Deposits................................     1,507,622
Other Liabilities..................................................        97,126
Stockholders' Equity (5)...........................................       209,381
                                                                       ----------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity.........................    $3,487,978
                                                                       ==========
Net Interest Income................................................                          $117,125
                                                                                             ========
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets...............................                                                  4.13
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Statistical Summary
<TABLE>
(In Millions)                                                                        1994           1993             1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                <C>              <C>            <C>   
Securities (Carrying Amount at Year End) (1):
U.S. Government Obligations.....................................................   $  601           $212           $  336
Federal Agency Obligations......................................................      240            439              424
State and Municipal Obligations.................................................       76             90              131
Collateralized Mortgage Obligations.............................................       59            116              285
Other Securities................................................................       58             66               20
                                                                                   ------           ----           ------
  Total.........................................................................   $1,034           $923           $1,196
                                                                                   ======           ====           ======

(1) 1994 amounts are comprised of securities available for sale, that are carried at their estimated fair value.  1993
    amounts include securities available for sale, that are carried at their estimated fair value, and securities held to
    maturity, that are carried at their amortized cost.  1992 amounts consist of investment securities, that are carried
    at their amortized cost.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Within 1 Year          1 - 5 Years         5 - 10 Years        Over 10 Years
                                ---------------      ---------------      ---------------      ---------------
                                       Weighted             Weighted             Weighted             Weighted
                                        Average              Average              Average              Average
(Dollars in Millions)           Amount    Yield(2)   Amount    Yield(2)   Amount    Yield(2)   Amount    Yield(2)   Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>     <C>          <C>     <C>          <C>     <C>          <C>      <C>      <C>
Maturity Schedule of Securities Based
  on Amortized Cost at December 31, 1994:(3)
U.S. Government Obligations.....  $516     5.55%       $ 91     4.24%       $  -        -%       $  -        -%    $  607
Federal Agency Obligations......    54     5.35         153     7.38           2     7.00          31     6.53        240
State and Municipal Obligations.    11    13.14          48    10.08           1    10.00          15     8.17         75
Collateralized Mortgage
  Obligations...................    26     6.22          14     5.48           -        -          19     6.61         59
Other Securities................    48     5.07           6     6.34           -        -           -        -         54
                                  ----                 ----                 ----                 ----              ------
  Total.........................  $655                 $312                 $  3                 $ 65              $1,035
                                  ====                 ====                 ====                 ====              ======

(2) Yields have been computed by dividing annualized interest income, on a taxable equivalent basis, by the amortized cost
    of the respective securities.
(3) Includes securities available for sale; Excludes Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock of $3.8
    million; Excludes unrealized losses of $5.8 million related to securities available for sale.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



<TABLE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands)                                       Within 1 Year           1-5 Years         Over 5 Years         Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>                 <C>                  <C>         <C>       
Maturity Schedule of Loans at December 31, 1994:
Private banking:
  Residential real estate mortgages (4)...........        $194,743            $145,660             $510,671    $  851,074
  Other...........................................         392,467              10,174               17,801       420,442
                                                          --------            --------             --------    ----------
Total private banking loans.......................         587,210             155,834              528,472     1,271,516
                                                          --------            --------             --------    ----------
Short-term trust credit facilities................         215,105                   -                    -       215,105
Loans to financial institutions for purchasing and
  carrying securities.............................         126,640                   -                    -       126,640
All other.........................................          10,945               1,984                  708        13,637
                                                          --------            --------             --------    ----------
  Total...........................................        $939,900            $157,818             $529,180    $1,626,898
                                                          ========            ========             ========    ==========
Interest Sensitivity of Loans at December 31, 1994:
Loans with predetermined interest rates...........                            $105,635             $390,914    $  496,549
Loans with floating or adjustable interest rates..                              52,183              138,266       190,449
                                                                              --------             --------    ----------
  Total...........................................                            $157,818             $529,180    $  686,998
                                                                              ========             ========    ==========

(4) Maturities are based upon the contractual terms of the loans.
</TABLE>

Statistical Summary
<TABLE>
                                                               1994                       1993                       1992
                                                   ----------------           ----------------           ----------------
(Dollars in Millions)                              Amount      Rate           Amount      Rate           Amount      Rate
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>
Analysis of Average Daily Deposits:
  Non-Interest Bearing Deposits.................   $1,565                     $1,761                     $1,508
  Certificates of Deposit of $100,000 or more...       33      4.18%              26      3.04%              33      4.01%
  Money Market and Other Savings Deposits.......    1,340      3.45            1,251      2.93            1,107      3.71
                                                   ------                     ------                     ------
    Total Deposits..............................   $2,938                     $3,038                     $2,648
                                                   ======                     ======                     ======
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION


<TABLE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                      Certificates                  Other
(In Millions)                                                                           of Deposit               Deposits
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                            <C>                 <C>
Maturity Distribution of Interest Bearing Deposits in
  Amounts of $100,000 or more at December 31, 1994:
Time remaining until maturity:
  Three months or less..............................................................           $31                 $1,127
  Three through six months..........................................................             6                      -
  Six through twelve months.........................................................             1                      -
  Over twelve months................................................................             5                      -
                                                                                               ---                 ------
    Total...........................................................................           $43                 $1,127
                                                                                               ===                 ======
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Market Price of the Corporation's Common Shares
and Related Security Holder Matters

The common shares of the Corporation are traded in the over-the-counter
market.  Market prices (based on NASDAQ national market prices as
reported in The Wall Street Journal) and dividends declared per share for
the past two years are shown below:
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           First        Second        Third        Fourth
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>    
For Each Quarter
1994 High..............................................................  $52 7/8       $52 1/2      $52 1/2       $65
     Low...............................................................   49 1/2        49 3/4       50 1/2        52
     Cash Dividends Declared...........................................     0.50          0.50         0.50          0.50
1993 High..............................................................  $58 1/2       $59          $54 1/2       $54 1/2
     Low...............................................................   49 1/4        50 1/4       51 1/4        52
     Cash Dividends Declared...........................................     0.47          0.47         0.47          0.47
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As of January 1, 1995, there were approximately 2,085 record holders of
the Corporation's common shares.

<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



Summary of Credit Loss Experience
(In Thousands)                                                 1994           1993         1992         1991         1990
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>     
Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses:
Balance, January 1....................................   $   13,393     $   11,676     $  8,661     $  8,599     $  7,300
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Charge-Offs:
  Private banking.....................................       (1,349)        (3,762)      (2,856)      (5,776)      (1,743)
  Residual corporate loans............................         (150)          (338)        (710)        (509)      (5,878)
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Total charge-offs.....................................       (1,499)        (4,100)      (3,566)      (6,285)      (7,621)
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Recoveries:
  Private banking.....................................          611            612          465          133          226
  Residual corporate loans............................          194          1,205          116          189          318
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Total recoveries......................................          805          1,817          581          322          544
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Net charge-offs.......................................         (694)        (2,283)      (2,985)      (5,963)      (7,077)
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Provision charged to income...........................        2,000          4,000        6,000        6,025        8,376
                                                         ----------     ----------     --------     --------     --------
Balance, December 31..................................   $   14,699     $   13,393     $ 11,676     $  8,661     $  8,599
                                                         ==========     ==========     ========     ========     ========
Loan Statistics (Dollars in Thousands):
Average total loans...................................   $1,307,900     $1,095,673     $941,090     $739,316     $710,715
Allowance for credit losses, end of year,
  as a percent of average total loans.................         1.12%          1.22%        1.24%        1.17%        1.21%
Net loans charged off as a percent of
  average total loans.................................         0.05           0.21         0.32         0.81         1.00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The Corporation maintains the allowance for credit losses at a level
deemed to be adequate.  The level of the allowance is based on
management's judgment as to the current condition of the credit
portfolio, which includes loans, commitments to extend credit and standby
letters of credit, determined by a continuous surveillance process.  In
addition, management looks to past experience, current loan composition
and volume and general economic conditions.
     Senior management determines, at least quarterly, which credits are
to be charged off partially or in full.  This is based on a review of all
underperforming credits highlighted in the surveillance process.  Loan
officers are expected to be the first to identify potential credit
problems.  In addition, experienced credit review professionals provide
independent internal oversight of these credits.  Credit reviews by the
Federal Reserve and New York State Bank Examiners, as well as our
certified public accounting firm, as part of the regular bank examination
and audit processes, are also considered in the credit surveillance
process.
<PAGE>
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION



     Since substantially all of the Corporation's loan portfolio relates
to private banking accounts, the Corporation does not attempt to allocate
the allowance among specific credit categories.
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                EXHIBIT 21

                         U. S. Trust Corporation

                           List of Subsidiaries

                              State or Other Jurisdiction      Percent
                                    of Incorporation            Owned
                              ---------------------------      -------
<S>                                     <C>                    <C>
United States Trust Company
 of New York                            New York               100.0%
   United States Trust Company
    International Corporation           United States          100.0
      United States Trust Company of
       New York (Grand Cayman) Ltd.     Cayman Islands         100.0
      UST Overseas Corporation          Delaware               100.0
        Foreign & Colonial Asset
         Management                     London, England         50.0
   UST Property Company, Inc. *         New York               100.0
U.S. Trust Company of California, N.A.  California             100.0
   UST Fiduciary Services Ltd.          Delaware               100.0
U.S. Trust Company of Connecticut       Connecticut            100.0
U.S. Trust Company of Florida
 Savings Bank                           Florida                100.0
U.S. Trust Company of New Jersey        New Jersey             100.0
   UST Securities Corporation           New Jersey             100.0
U.S. Trust Company Limited              New York               100.0
U.S. Trust Company of Wyoming           Wyoming                100.0
U.S.T. L.P.O. Corp.                     Delaware               100.0
   U.S. Trust Company of Texas, N. A.   Texas                  100.0
   Denker & Goodwin, Incorporated       Texas                  100.0
UST Financial Services Corp.            New York               100.0
Campbell, Cowperthwait & Company        Delaware               100.0
CTMC Holding Company                    Oregon                 100.0
   CTC Consulting, Inc.                 Oregon                 100.0
   U.S. Trust Company of the Pacific
    Northwest                           Oregon                 100.0
Mutual Funds Service Company            Delaware               100.0
   Mutual Funds Service Company
    (Canada) Ltd.                       Ontario, Canada        100.0
Technologies Holding Corporation        Delaware               100.0
   FTI Partner Corporation              New York               100.0
</TABLE>

* Incorporated March 3, 1995
                                   -1-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                EXHIBIT 23


                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


     We consent to the incorporation by reference in (i) the
Registration Statements on Form S-8 of U. S. Trust Corporation (File
No. 2-78763, File No. 33-16162, File No. 33-29738 and File No. 33-51463)
pertaining to the United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated
Companies 1981 Incentive Stock Option Plan, 1986 Stock Option Plan and
1989 Stock Compensation Plan, (ii) the Registration Statements on Form
S-8 of U. S. Trust Corporation (File No. 33-00028, File No. 33-5433 and
File No. 33-22453) pertaining to the Employees' Profit-Sharing Plan of
United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies, (iii)
the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of U. S. Trust Corporation (File
No. 33-34140) pertaining to the U. S. Trust Corporation Stock Option
Plan for Non-Employee Directors, (iv) the Registration Statement on
Form S-3 of U. S. Trust Corporation (File No.33-44058) pertaining to an
offering by certain selling shareholders of up to 206,307 Common Shares,
par value $1 per share, of U. S. Trust Corporation, (v) the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 of U. S. Trust Corporation (File No. 33-49163)
pertaining to an offering by certain selling shareholders of up to
111,109 Common Shares, par value $1 per share, of U. S. Trust
Corporation and (vi) the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of U.S.
Trust Corporation (File No. 33-49627) pertaining to an offering by
certain selling shareholders of up to 89,000 Common Shares, par value $1
per share, of U.S. Trust Corporation of our report dated February 14, 1995,
which includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the adoption of new 
standards of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions and
income taxes, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of U. S. Trust Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and
1993 and, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994,
which report is included in Exhibit 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




                                                Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.




New York, New York
March 10, 1995

                                   -1-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 9
<CIK> 0000225971
<NAME> SETH UGELOW
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                          164610
<INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS>                           21524
<FED-FUNDS-SOLD>                                120000
<TRADING-ASSETS>                                     0
<INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE>                    1033526
<INVESTMENTS-CARRYING>                               0
<INVESTMENTS-MARKET>                                 0
<LOANS>                                        1626898
<ALLOWANCE>                                      14699
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 3223211
<DEPOSITS>                                     2440371
<SHORT-TERM>                                    350515
<LIABILITIES-OTHER>                             148078
<LONG-TERM>                                      60924
<COMMON>                                         11581
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                      211742
<TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY>                 3223211
<INTEREST-LOAN>                                  94525
<INTEREST-INVEST>                                80018
<INTEREST-OTHER>                                 12573
<INTEREST-TOTAL>                                187116
<INTEREST-DEPOSIT>                               47928
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               79004
<INTEREST-INCOME-NET>                           108112
<LOAN-LOSSES>                                     2000
<SECURITIES-GAINS>                             (42118)
<EXPENSE-OTHER>                                 341935
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  34372
<INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY>                       20967
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                     20967
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.12
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.09
<YIELD-ACTUAL>                                    3.49
<LOANS-NON>                                       6371
<LOANS-PAST>                                         0
<LOANS-TROUBLED>                                     0
<LOANS-PROBLEM>                                      0
<ALLOWANCE-OPEN>                                 13393
<CHARGE-OFFS>                                     1499
<RECOVERIES>                                       805
<ALLOWANCE-CLOSE>                                14699
<ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC>                             14699
<ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN>                                  0
<ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED>                          14699
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 SCHEDULE 14A
                                (Rule 14a-101)
                   INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT
                           SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
 Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                                     1934
 
Filed by the registrant /X/
Filed by a party other than the registrant / /
 
Check the appropriate box:
 
/ / Preliminary proxy statement
/X/ Definitive proxy statement
/ / Definitive additional materials
/ / Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-11(c) or Rule 14a-12
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement)
Payment of filing fee (Check the appropriate box):
/ / $125 per Exchange Act Rule 0-11(c)(1)(ii), 14a-6(i)(1), or 14a-6(j)(2).
/ / $500 per each party to the controversy pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
14a-6(i)(3).
/X/ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.
 
(1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
    Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Aggregate number of securities to which transactions applies:
 
    10,449,510 shares of common stock, representing the estimated maximum
    number of shares to be outstanding at the time of the Distribution and the
    Merger.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant
    to Exchange Act Rule 0-11:
 
1/50 of 1% of the sum of (i) $363,500,000 (the maximum consideration to be
    paid in the Merger) plus (ii) $168,091,000 (the book value as of September
    30, 1994, of the shares to be distributed in the Distribution).
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
                                 $531,591,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
/ / Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act
    Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was
    paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
    number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
 
(1) Amount previously paid:
 
                                     N/A
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Form, schedule or registration statement no.:
 
                                     N/A
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3) Filing party:
 
                                     N/A
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) Date filed:
 
                                     N/A
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                               [Letterhead of]
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                                                              February 9, 1995
 
To Our Stockholders:
 
     You are cordially invited to attend a Special Meeting of Stockholders of
U.S. Trust Corporation ("UST"), which will be held at the offices of United
States Trust Company of New York, 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York, on
March 22, 1995, at 10:00 A.M., local time. Enclosed are a Notice of Special
Meeting of Stockholders, a Proxy Statement-Prospectus and a Proxy relating to
the Special Meeting.
 
     As we have previously announced, UST has agreed, subject to approval by
UST's stockholders, to sell UST's securities processing businesses and related
back office operations, including the assets and certain of the liabilities
related thereto (collectively, the "Chase Acquired Business") to The Chase
Manhattan Corporation ("Chase") in exchange for shares of Chase common stock,
par value $2.00 per share ("Chase Common Stock"), to be distributed directly
to UST stockholders in a tax-free transaction. Because the transaction is
structured as a tax-free merger (the "Merger") between UST and Chase, all of
the businesses, assets and liabilities of UST other than the Chase Acquired
Business (collectively, the "Core Businesses"), which include UST's asset
management, private banking, special fiduciary, corporate trust and other non-
processing businesses, will be transferred to a newly organized holding
company, New USTC Holdings Corporation ("Spinco"), and the stock of Spinco
will be distributed to UST stockholders on a share-for-share basis prior to
the Merger. Accordingly, UST stockholders will retain their equity interests
in the Core Businesses in the form of stock in Spinco, which will assume the
name "U.S. Trust Corporation" at the time of the transaction.
 
     At the Special Meeting you will be asked to consider and vote upon two
proposals relating to the foregoing transactions which are described in the
Proxy Statement-Prospectus: (i) to approve the distribution described in the
Agreement and Plan of Distribution (the "Distribution Agreement") to be
entered into among UST, Spinco, United States Trust Company of New York and
New U.S. Trust Company of New York, whereby UST will spin off to its
stockholders on a share-for-share basis in a non-taxable distribution (the
"Distribution") all the shares of Spinco, which will own the Core Businesses
at the time of the Distribution; and (ii) to authorize and adopt the Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated as of November 18, 1994,
between UST and Chase, whereby UST (which will then hold only the Chase
Acquired Business) will be merged with and into Chase. In the Merger, holders
of common stock of UST will receive for each share owned by them the number of
shares of Chase Common Stock determined as provided in the Merger Agreement.
 
     The proposed Distribution and Merger are described in the accompanying
Proxy Statement-Prospectus, the forepart of which contains a summary of the
terms of the Merger and the Distribution and other information relating to the
transaction. Appendix H to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus contains a
description of the Core Businesses which will be spun off to UST stockholders
in the Distribution and other information relating to Spinco.
 
     After careful consideration, the Board of Directors has determined the
Merger to be fair to and in the best interests of UST and its stockholders.
The Board of Directors has approved the Distribution and the Merger Agreement
and recommends the approval of the Distribution and the authorization and
adoption of the Merger Agreement by UST stockholders.
<PAGE>
     CS First Boston Corporation, UST's financial advisor in connection with
the Merger, has rendered an opinion to the Board of Directors that, as of the
date of this letter, the consideration to be received by UST stockholders in
connection with the Merger is fair to such stockholders from a financial point
of view.
 
     All stockholders are invited to attend the Special Meeting in person.
Approval of the Distribution and authorization and adoption of the Merger
Agreement require, in each case, the affirmative vote of two-thirds (or
66 2/3%) of the total number of shares entitled to be voted at the Special
Meeting. Because of the significance of the proposed transaction to UST, your
participation in the meeting, in person or by proxy, is especially important.
 
     In order that your shares may be represented at the Special Meeting, you
are urged to promptly complete, sign, date and return the accompanying Proxy
in the enclosed envelope, whether or not you plan to attend the Special
Meeting. If you attend the Special Meeting in person, you may, if you wish,
vote personally on all matters brought before the Special Meeting even if you
have previously returned your Proxy.
 
                                          Sincerely,
 
                                          H. MARSHALL SCHWARZ
                                          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
<PAGE>
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
                             114 West 47th Street
                              New York, NY 10036
 
                  NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         to Be Held on March 22, 1995
 
     NOTICE HEREBY IS GIVEN that a Special Meeting of Stockholders of U.S.
Trust Corporation, a New York corporation ("UST"), has been called by the
Board of Directors of UST and will be held at the offices of United States
Trust Company of New York, 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York, in the
Auditorium on the first floor, at 10:00 A.M., local time on March 22, 1995,
for the following purposes:
 
          1. To consider and vote upon a proposal (the "Distribution
     Proposal") to approve the distribution described in the Agreement and
     Plan of Distribution, to be entered into immediately prior to the Merger
     (as defined below), among UST, New USTC Holdings Corporation ("Spinco"),
     United States Trust Company of New York and New U.S. Trust Company of New
     York, pursuant to which, among other things, immediately prior to the
     Merger, UST will spin off to its stockholders on a share-for-share basis
     in a non-taxable distribution (the "Distribution") all the shares of
     Spinco, which will own at the time of the Distribution all the
     businesses, assets and liabilities of UST (collectively, the "Core
     Businesses") other than its securities processing business and related
     back office operations, including the assets and certain liabilities
     related thereto (collectively, the "Chase Acquired Business"), which will
     be acquired by The Chase Manhattan Corporation, a Delaware corporation
     ("Chase"), in the Merger, all as more fully described in the accompanying
     Proxy Statement-Prospectus, including the Appendices thereto.
 
          2. To consider and vote upon a proposal (the "Merger Proposal") to
     authorize and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
     November 18, 1994 (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
     modified from time to time, the "Merger Agreement"), between UST and
     Chase, pursuant to which, among other things, contingent upon and
     immediately following the Distribution, UST will be merged with and into
     Chase upon the terms and conditions contained in the Merger Agreement
     (the "Merger"), all as more fully described in the accompanying Proxy
     Statement-Prospectus, including the Appendices thereto.
 
          At the time the Merger becomes effective (the "Effective Time"), (i)
     UST (which will then hold only the Chase Acquired Business) will be
     merged with and into Chase, with Chase surviving the Merger, (ii) each
     share of UST common stock, par value $1.00 per share ("UST Common
     Stock"), outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
     any shares of UST Common Stock owned by Chase or any wholly owned
     subsidiary of Chase or UST (other than in a fiduciary, custodial or
     similar capacity) and any shares held by UST stockholders who perfect,
     under New York law, their right to dissent to the Merger) will be
     converted into the right to receive the number of shares of Chase common
     stock, par value $2.00 per share, determined as provided in the Merger
     Agreement, and (iii) each share of UST Common Stock issued and
     outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and owned by UST as
     treasury stock and any shares of UST Common Stock owned by Chase or any
     wholly owned subsidiary of Chase or UST (other than in a fiduciary,
     custodial or similar capacity) will cease to be outstanding, will be
     canceled and retired without payment of any consideration therefor, and
     will cease to exist.
 
          3. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
     Special Meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.
 
     Holders of shares of UST Common Stock will be entitled to dissenters'
rights in connection with the Merger as provided in the Merger Agreement and
as more fully described in the accompanying Proxy Statement-Prospectus.
 
     It is a condition to consummation of the Distribution that the Merger
Agreement have been authorized and adopted by the UST stockholders, and it is
a condition to consummation of the Merger that the Distribution have been
approved by the UST stockholders.
<PAGE>
 
     The Proxy Statement-Prospectus and the Appendices thereto (including the
Merger Agreement and the Distribution Agreement attached as Appendix A and
Appendix B thereto, respectively) form a part of this Notice.
 
     Only holders of record of UST Common Stock at the close of business on
February 1, 1995, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting
or any adjournments or postponements thereof. Approval of the Distribution
Proposal and authorization and adoption of the Merger Proposal each requires
the affirmative vote of two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) of the total number of shares
entitled to be voted at the Special Meeting.
 
                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,
 
                                          H. MARSHALL SCHWARZ
                                          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
New York, New York
February 9, 1995
 
                              IMPORTANT NOTICES
 
     PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN YOUR PROXY PROMPTLY, WHETHER OR NOT
YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING. YOUR PROXY WILL BE REVOCABLE, EITHER
IN WRITING OR BY VOTING IN PERSON AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO
ITS EXERCISE.
 
     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF U.S. TRUST CORPORATION RECOMMENDS THAT
STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO APPROVE THE DISTRIBUTION AND TO AUTHORIZE AND ADOPT THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.
 
     PLEASE DO NOT SEND IN YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES AT THIS TIME.
<PAGE>
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
                               PROXY STATEMENT
            ------------------------------------------------------
 
                       THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION
                                  PROSPECTUS
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus is being furnished to the stockholders of
U.S. Trust Corporation, a New York corporation ("UST"), in connection with the
solicitation of proxies by UST's Board of Directors (the "UST Board") from
holders of outstanding shares of UST common stock, par value $1.00 per share
("UST Common Stock"), for use at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of UST to
be held on March 22, 1995, and at any adjournments or postponements thereof
(the "Special Meeting").
 
     At the Special Meeting, UST stockholders will be asked to consider and
vote upon (i) a proposal (the "Distribution Proposal") to approve the
distribution described in the Agreement and Plan of Distribution to be entered
into immediately prior to the Merger (as defined below), among UST, New USTC
Holdings Corporation, a New York corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of
UST ("Spinco"), United States Trust Company of New York and New U.S. Trust
Company of New York, the form of which is attached as Appendix B to this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference (as it may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
"Distribution Agreement"), whereby UST will spin off to its stockholders on a
share-for-share basis, in a non-taxable distribution (the "Distribution"), all
the then-outstanding shares of Spinco, which will own at the time of the
Distribution all the businesses, assets and liabilities of UST other than its
securities processing business and related back office operations (including
the assets and certain liabilities related thereto); and (ii) a proposal (the
"Merger Proposal") to authorize and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of November 18, 1994, between UST and The Chase Manhattan
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Chase"), which is attached as Appendix A
to this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference (as
it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
"Merger Agreement"). The Merger Agreement provides, subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, that (i) UST will effect the
Distribution pursuant to the Distribution Agreement and (ii) UST will
immediately thereafter be merged with and into Chase (the "Merger"), with
Chase surviving the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation"). At the time the Merger becomes effective (the
"Effective Time"), each share of UST Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of UST Common Stock owned
by Chase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Chase or UST (other than in a
fiduciary, custodial or similar capacity) and any shares held by UST
stockholders who perfect, under New York law, their right to dissent to the
Merger) will be converted into the right to receive the number of shares of
Chase common stock, par value $2.00 per share ("Chase Common Stock"), equal to
(a) $363,500,000 divided by (b) the product of (i) the greater of (A) the
amount representing the 10-day average of the daily average of the high and
low sale prices for Chase Common Stock on each of the 10 trading days
immediately preceding the last business day before the date on which the
Effective Time occurs (the "Closing Date") and (B) $31.00, multiplied by (ii)
the number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. The maximum number of shares of Chase Common Stock which may
be issued to UST Stockholders in the Merger is 11,725,806 shares. If the
market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date is less than the
greater of the Average Value of Chase Common Stock (as defined herein) and
$31.00, then the value on the Closing Date of the aggregate consideration
received by UST stockholders in the Merger will be less than $363,500,000.
 
     UST has agreed to pay Chase a termination payment in the event the Merger
Agreement is terminated for certain specified reasons, including the failure
of UST stockholders to approve the Distribution or to authorize and adopt the
Merger Agreement. See "Summary -- The Transactions -- The Merger".
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus is first being mailed to UST stockholders
on or about February 14, 1995.
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus also constitutes the Prospectus of Chase
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the public offering of up to
11,725,806 shares of Chase Common Stock to be received by UST stockholders in
the Merger. This Prospectus does not cover resales of such stock, and no
person is authorized to use this Prospectus in connection with any such
resale.
                           ------------------------
 
THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS HAVE
 NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
  OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
   COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY
     OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION
     TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.
                           ------------------------
       The date of this Proxy Statement-Prospectus is February 9, 1995
<PAGE>
 
                            AVAILABLE INFORMATION
 
     UST and Chase are (and, prior to the Distribution, Spinco will be)
subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and, in accordance therewith, file
(and, in the case of Spinco, will file) reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission").
The reports, proxy statements and other information filed by UST and Chase
(and when filed, by Spinco) with the Commission can be inspected and copied at
the Commission's public reference room located at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room
1024, Washington, D.C. 20549, and at the public reference facilities in the
Commission's regional offices located at: 7 World Trade Center, 13th Floor,
New York, New York 10048; and Suite 1400, Northwestern Atrium Center, 500 West
Madison Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661. Copies of such material can be
obtained at prescribed rates by writing to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, Public Reference Section, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20549. In addition, reports, proxy statements and other information concerning
Chase may be inspected at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., 20
Broad Street, New York, New York 10005, and reports, proxy statements and
other information concerning UST (and when filed, Spinco) may be inspected at
the offices of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the
"NASD"), 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.
 
     Chase has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (including exhibits
and amendments thereto, the "Chase Registration Statement") pursuant to the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), covering shares of
Chase Common Stock issuable in the Merger. This Proxy Statement-Prospectus
constitutes both the Proxy Statement of UST relating to the solicitation of
proxies for use at the Special Meeting and the Prospectus of Chase filed as
part of the Chase Registration Statement.
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus does not contain all of the information
set forth in the Chase Registration Statement covering the securities offered
hereby, certain portions of which have been omitted pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the Commission, and to which portions reference is hereby made
for further information with respect to Chase and the securities offered
hereby. Statements contained herein concerning any documents which are filed
as exhibits to the Chase Registration Statement are not necessarily complete
and, in each instance, reference is made to the copies of such documents filed
as such exhibits. Each such statement is qualified in its entirety by such
reference. This Proxy Statement-Prospectus does not contain all of the
information set forth in the Registration Statement on Form 10 (the "Form 10")
filed by Spinco with the Commission in connection with the Distribution.
Certain important information relating to the Distribution is set forth in the
Information Statement filed as a part of the Form 10, which Information
Statement is a part of this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and is attached as
Appendix H hereto (the "Information Statement"). See "Additional Information"
in the Information Statement.
 
              INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus incorporates by reference documents not
presented herein or delivered herewith. Documents related to Chase, excluding
exhibits unless specifically incorporated herein, are available without charge
upon request to The Chase Manhattan Corporation, 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza, New
York, New York 10081, Attention: Office of the Secretary. Telephone requests
may be directed to the Office of the Secretary at (212) 552-6511. Documents
relating to UST, excluding exhibits unless specifically incorporated herein,
are available without charge upon request to U.S. Trust Corporation, Office of
the Secretary, 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York 10036. Telephone
requests may be directed to Carol Strickland, Secretary of UST, at (212)
852-1330. In order to ensure timely delivery of the documents, any request
should be made no later than March 3, 1995.
 
     The following documents filed with the Commission by UST (File No.
0-8709) are incorporated herein by reference: (a) Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993, as amended on Form 10-K/A dated
August 19, 1994, including the portions of the U.S. Trust Corporation 1993
Annual Report incorporated therein ("UST's 1993 Annual Report on Form 10-K");
(b) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31,
1994, June 30, 1994 and September 30, 1994 ("UST's
 
                                       2
<PAGE>
 
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q") and (c) Current Reports on Form 8-K dated
November 17, 1994, November 18, 1994 and December 23, 1994.
 
     The following documents filed with the Commission by Chase (File No.
1-5945) are incorporated herein by reference: (a) Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 1993, including the portions of The Chase
Manhattan Corporation 1993 Annual Report incorporated therein; (b) Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 1994, June 30,
1994 and September 30, 1994; (c) Current Reports on Form 8-K dated January 18,
1994, January 20, 1994, April 18, 1994, April 29, 1994, May 18, 1994, July 18,
1994, August 3, 1994, August 3, 1994, August 11, 1994, October 18, 1994,
November 18, 1994, December 7, 1994, December 14, 1994, January 17, 1995,
January 17, 1995 and January 26, 1995; (d) pages 1 through 4 and 7 through 19
(excluding the sections entitled "Compensation Committee Report on Executive
Compensation", "Performance Graph", "Approval of Auditors" and "1994 Long-Term
Incentive Plan") of the Proxy Statement dated March 11, 1994; (e) the
description of Chase Common Stock contained in Chase's registration statement
on Form 10 filed April 11, 1969, as amended by amendments thereto on Form 8
filed on June 20, 1969, April 8, 1988, May 17, 1990 and April 19, 1993,
including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
description prior to the Special Meeting (the "Chase Form 10"); and (f) the
description of the Chase Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
contained in Chase's Form 8-A filed on February 17, 1989, including any
amendment or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description prior
to the Special Meeting (the "Chase Form 8-A").
 
     All documents filed by UST or Chase pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date hereof and prior to the
Special Meeting shall be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and to
be a part hereof from the date of such filing. Any statement contained herein
or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes hereof to the extent
that a statement contained herein or in any other subsequently filed document
which also is, or is deemed to be, incorporated herein by reference modifies
or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded
shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof, except as so modified or
superseded.
 
     All information contained in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus relating to
UST or Spinco has been supplied by UST, and all information relating to Chase
has been supplied by Chase.
 
     No person is authorized to give any information or to make any
representation on behalf of UST or Chase concerning the matters being
considered at the Special Meeting if not contained in or appended to this
Proxy Statement-Prospectus, and, if given or made, such information or
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized. This Proxy
Statement-Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation
of an offer to purchase, the securities offered by this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus or the solicitation of a proxy, by any person in any
jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in
which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
Neither delivery of this Proxy Statement-Prospectus nor any distribution of
the securities being offered pursuant to this Proxy Statement-Prospectus
shall, under any circumstances, create an implication that there has been no
change in the affairs of UST or Chase since the date of this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus.
 
                                       3
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
<S>                                                   <C>      <C>                                                   <C> 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION.............................     2       RELATIONSHIP WITH CHASE...........................    65
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY                          Post Closing Covenants Agreement; Tax Allocation
  REFERENCE.......................................     2           Transactions..................................    47
SUMMARY...........................................     5           Agreement.....................................    65
  The Companies...................................     5         Services Agreement..............................    65
  The Transactions................................     6       CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES...........    66
  Certain Regulatory Approvals....................    10         Consequences of the Distribution................    66
  Interests of Certain Persons in the                            Consequences of the Merger......................    67
    Transactions..................................    10       DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF CHASE.............    68
  The Special Meeting.............................    10         Chase Common Stock..............................    68
  Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences.........    11         Chase Preferred Stock...........................    69
  Comparison of Certain Rights of Holders of Chase               Description of Chase Rights Plan................    69
    Common Stock and UST Common Stock.............    11         COMPARISON OF CERTAIN RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF CHASE
  Relationship with Chase.........................    11         COMMON STOCK AND UST COMMON STOCK...............    70
  Special Factors.................................    11         Size and Classification of the Board of
  Comparative Per Share Market Information........    12           Directors.....................................    71
  Comparative Per Share Data......................    13         Stockholder Nominations.........................    71
  Selected Historical Financial Information.......    14         Duties of Directors.............................    71
  Recent Developments.............................    16         Removal of Directors............................    71
THE SPECIAL MEETING...............................    23         Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.......    72
  General.........................................    23         Limitation on Directors' Liability..............    72
  Record Date.....................................    23         Indemnification of Directors and Officers.......    73
  Vote Required...................................    23         Issuance of Rights or Options to Purchase Shares
  Voting and Revocation of Proxies................    24           to Directors, Officers and Employees..........    74
  Solicitation of Proxies.........................    24         Loans to Directors..............................    74
  Dissenters' Rights..............................    24         Dividends.......................................    74
THE TRANSACTIONS..................................    24         Action by Stockholders Through Written
THE COMPANIES.....................................    28           Consent.......................................    74
  UST.............................................    28         Special Meetings................................    75
  Chase...........................................    28         Cumulative Voting...............................    75
THE MERGER........................................    29         Necessary Vote to Effect Merger (Not Involving
  Background of the Merger........................    29           Interested Stockholder).......................    75
  UST's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of                Business Combinations Involving Interested
    the UST Board.................................    31           Stockholders..................................    75
  Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the UST                    Appraisal Rights; Dissenters' Rights............    76
    Board.........................................    32         Redeemable Shares...............................    77
  Chase's Reasons for the Merger..................    35         Selective Repurchase of Company Stock...........    77
  Terms of the Merger.............................    35         Warrants or Options.............................    77
  Effective Time; Closing.........................    37         Preemptive Rights...............................    78
  Exchange of Certificates in the Merger..........    37         Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation.......    78
  Representations and Warranties..................    37         Amendment of Bylaws.............................    79
  Conduct of Business Prior to the Effective Time;             EXPERTS...........................................    79
    Certain Covenants.............................    38       VALIDITY OF CHASE SHARES..........................    79
  Certain Regulatory Approvals....................    42       BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP..............................    80
  Stock Exchange Listing..........................    42       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS....    82
  Conditions......................................    43       OTHER BUSINESS....................................    82
  Termination; Amendment and Waiver...............    46       STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS.............................    82
  Expenses........................................    47       INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS............................    83
  Accounting Treatment............................    47       Appendix A  Agreement and Plan of Merger
  Interests of Certain Persons in the                          Appendix B  Agreement and Plan of Distribution
  Resales of Chase Common Stock Issued in the                  Appendix C  Contribution and Assumption Agreement
    Merger; Affiliates............................    50       Appendix D  Post Closing Covenants Agreement
  Dissenters' Rights..............................    50       Appendix E  Tax Allocation Agreement
THE DISTRIBUTION..................................    52       Appendix F  Opinion of Financial Advisor to the
  Background of and Reasons for the                                        UST Board
    Distribution..................................    52       Appendix G  Sections 910 and 623 of the New York
  Terms of the Contribution Agreement.............    53                   Business Corporation Law
  Terms of the Distribution Agreement.............    56       Appendix H  Information Statement Relating to New
  Terms of Post Closing Covenants Agreement.......    58                   USTC Holdings Corporation and the
  Terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement...........    61                   Distribution
EFFECT OF TRANSACTIONS ON UST EMPLOYEES AND UST
  BENEFIT PLANS...................................    61
  Transfer of Employment..........................    61
  Transfer of Plans...............................    62
  Retained Plans..................................    62
  Severance Arrangements..........................    63
  Transition Bonus Program........................    64
</TABLE>
                                       4
<PAGE>
 
                                   SUMMARY
 
     The following summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by the more detailed information included elsewhere in this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, the Appendices hereto and the documents incorporated
herein by reference. Stockholders are urged to read carefully this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, including the Appendices hereto and the documents
incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.
 
     All information concerning UST and Spinco included in this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, the Appendices hereto and the documents incorporated
herein by reference has been furnished by UST, and all information concerning
Chase included in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus, the Appendices hereto and
the documents incorporated herein by reference has been furnished by Chase. An
Index of Defined Terms used herein is included at page 83 of this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus.
 
The Companies
 
     UST
 
     UST was incorporated in New York in 1977 and became a bank holding
company in 1978. United States Trust Company of New York, a New York bank and
trust company ("USTNY"), UST's principal subsidiary, was created as a trust
company by Special Act of the New York Legislature in 1853. UST, through USTNY
and its other subsidiaries, provides financial services to individuals and
institutions. UST conducts five principal businesses: asset management,
private banking, special fiduciary, corporate trust and securities processing.
The assets and certain liabilities relating to UST's securities processing
business and related back office operations, including certain subsidiaries
conducting such business and operations (collectively, the "Chase Acquired
Business"), will constitute all the businesses, assets and liabilities of UST
at the Effective Time. See "The Distribution". Immediately prior to the time
the Distribution is effected (the "Time of Distribution"), all of UST's other
businesses, assets and liabilities (collectively, the "Core Businesses"),
which include UST's asset management, private banking, special fiduciary,
corporate trust and other non-processing businesses, will be transferred to
Spinco. At September 30, 1994, UST and its consolidated subsidiaries had total
assets of approximately $4.0 billion, total deposits of approximately $2.4
billion and shareholders' equity of approximately $239.6 million. For the nine
months ended September 30, 1994, the Chase Acquired Business accounted for
approximately $113.9 million, or 37%, of UST's consolidated revenues.
 
     UST's principal executive office is located at 114 West 47th Street, New
York, New York 10036 and its telephone number at such office is (212)
852-1000.
 
     Chase
 
     Chase is a bank holding company that was incorporated in Delaware in 1969
and whose principal subsidiary is The Chase Manhattan Bank (National
Association), a national banking association ("CMB"). In addition to CMB,
Chase holds investments in other subsidiaries that provide a variety of
financial services, including commercial and consumer financing, investment
banking, securities trading and investment advisory services. Chase's primary
strategy is that of a global bank with a diversified domestic base serving
three interrelated franchises: global financial services, domestic consumer
products and regional banking in the northeastern United States. Over the last
few years, Chase has focused its business and marketing efforts on two types
of customers -- retail (individuals and small and medium-sized businesses) and
wholesale (primarily large corporations and institutions). At September 30,
1994, Chase and its consolidated subsidiaries had total assets of
approximately $117.1 billion, total deposits of approximately $68.9 billion
and shareholders' equity of approximately $8.4 billion.
 
     Chase's principal executive office is located at 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza,
New York, New York 10081 and its telephone number at such office is (212)
552-2222.
 
     Additional Information
 
     To obtain additional information regarding the businesses of UST and
Chase, see "Available Information", "Incorporation of Certain Information by
Reference" and "The Companies". For information regarding Spinco, see the
Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
                                       5
<PAGE>
 
The Transactions
 
     Pursuant to the transactions described in this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, Chase will acquire the Chase Acquired Business. The
Chase Acquired Business consists of UST's securities processing business and
related back office operations, including the assets and certain of the
liabilities related thereto. UST's securities processing business (the
"Processing Business") consists of the businesses, assets and certain
liabilities related to (i) the unit investment trust business of USTNY and its
affiliates, which includes, among other things, acting as trustee for "unit
investment trusts" (as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended), maintaining custody of securities and investments for unit
trusts and providing other processing support to unit trusts, (ii) the mutual
funds services business of UST and its subsidiaries, which includes, among
other things, providing domestic and global custody, transfer agency and other
administrative services to registered investment companies and (iii) the
institutional asset services business of USTNY and its affiliates, which
includes, among other things, master trust and custody services, securities
lending services, rabbi trust services and certain money management services.
UST's related back office operations (the "Related Back Office") consists of
the businesses, assets and certain liabilities related to USTNY's Computer
Services Division and Securities Services and Trust Operations Division.
 
     The proposals to be submitted to UST stockholders at the Special Meeting
relate to the sale by UST to Chase of the Processing Business and the Related
Back Office (which together constitute the Chase Acquired Business). Such sale
will be effected pursuant to the Merger, whereby UST will be merged with and
into Chase, and UST stockholders will receive shares of Chase Common Stock in
exchange for their shares of UST Common Stock. Immediately prior to the
Merger, the Core Businesses will be transferred to Spinco and subsidiaries of
Spinco, and all the then outstanding shares of Spinco will be distributed to
the then current UST stockholders in the Distribution on the basis of one
share of Spinco common stock, par value $1.00 per share ("Spinco Common
Stock"), for each share of UST Common Stock. See "The Distribution". At the
Time of Distribution, Spinco will assume the name "U.S. Trust Corporation" and
its principal subsidiary, New U.S. Trust Company of New York, a recently
organized entity that at the Time of Distribution will be a New York bank and
trust company ("New Trustco"), will assume the name "United States Trust
Company of New York". Accordingly, UST stockholders immediately prior to the
Merger will retain their equity interests in the Core Businesses in the form
of stock in Spinco, which will acquire the Core Businesses prior to the
Distribution.
 
     The Merger
 
     General.  If the Merger Agreement is authorized and adopted by the UST
stockholders and the other conditions to the Merger are satisfied or waived,
at the Effective Time UST (which will then hold only the Chase Acquired
Business) will be merged with and into Chase, with Chase as the Surviving
Corporation, and the separate corporate existence of UST will cease.
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time each issued and
outstanding share of UST Common Stock (other than any shares of UST Common
Stock owned by Chase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Chase or UST (other
than in a fiduciary, custodial or similar capacity) and any shares of UST
Common Stock owned by Dissenting Holders (as defined under "The
Merger -- Dissenters' Rights" below)) will be converted into the right to
receive the number (rounded to the nearest one-thousandth) (the "Conversion
Number") of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Chase Common Stock equal to
(a) $363,500,000, divided by (b) the product of (i) the greater of (A) the
Average Value of Chase Common Stock or (B) $31.00, multiplied by (ii) the
number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. The term "Average Value of Chase Common Stock" means the
amount representing the 10-day average of the daily average of the high and
low sale prices for Chase Common Stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Transaction Tape (the "NYSE Tape"), as reprinted in The Wall Street
Journal, Eastern Edition, on each of the 10 trading days immediately preceding
the last business day before the Closing Date. If the Average Value of Chase
Common Stock is $31.00 or less per share, then an aggregate of 11,725,806
shares of Chase Common Stock will be issued in the Merger. Moreover, if the
market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date is less than the
greater of the Average Value of Chase Common Stock and $31.00, as applicable,
then the value on the Closing Date of the aggregate consideration received by
UST stockholders in the Merger will be less than $363,500,000. The
 
                                       6
<PAGE>
 
number of shares of Chase Common Stock to be issued in the Merger will be
determined as of the Closing Date, which date will be after the date of the
Special Meeting.
 
     For example, if the Average Value of Chase Common Stock were $34.375, the
Conversion Number (assuming 9,622,000 shares of UST Common Stock were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time) would be 1.099 shares of
Chase Common Stock per share of UST Common Stock. If the Average Value of
Chase Common Stock were $31.00 or less, the Conversion Number (assuming
9,622,000 shares of UST Common Stock were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time) would be 1.219 shares of Chase Common Stock per share of UST
Common Stock.
 
     So long as the Average Value of Chase Common Stock is equal to or greater
than $31.00, if the market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date is
equal to such Average Value of Chase Common Stock, the value received by UST
stockholders in the Merger will be $37.78 per share of UST Common Stock
(assuming 9,622,000 shares of UST Common Stock are outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time). If the Average Value of Chase Common Stock is
less than $31.00, UST stockholders will receive 1.219 shares of Chase Common
Stock per share of UST Common Stock. The actual value on the Closing Date of
the Chase Common Stock received by UST stockholders will be equal to (i) the
number of shares of Chase Common Stock issued in the Merger multiplied by (ii)
the market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date.
 
     Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, UST does not have the right to
decline to consummate the Merger solely because the Average Value of Chase
Common Stock or the market value of Chase Common Stock immediately prior to
the Effective Time is substantially less than $31.00. Therefore, if the Merger
is authorized and all other conditions to the Merger are satisfied or waived
on or prior to the Effective Time, UST stockholders will assume the risk of a
decline in Chase Common Stock below $31.00 per share from and after the date
of the Special Meeting. See "The Merger -- Conditions -- Conditions of
Obligations of UST".
 
     As of the Record Date (as defined below), 9,489,309 shares of UST Common
Stock were outstanding. The number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding
at the Effective Time is subject to change as a result of the exercise of
stock options and the issuance of shares of UST Common Stock, if any, in
connection with any acquisition completed by UST prior to the Closing Date.
UST has no present plan to make any acquisitions in which UST Common Stock
would be issued. See "The Merger -- Conduct of Business Prior to the Effective
Time". Neither UST nor Chase intends to acquire any shares of UST Common Stock
prior to the Effective Time.
 
     Fractional Shares.  No fractional shares of Chase Common Stock will be
issued in the Merger. The Merger Agreement provides that each UST stockholder
who otherwise would have been entitled to receive a fractional share of Chase
Common Stock will be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof, an amount in cash
equal to such fraction multiplied by the average of the high and low sale
prices for Chase Common Stock on the business day immediately preceding the
Closing Date, as reported on the NYSE Tape.
 
     Effective Time.  The Merger will become effective and the Effective Time
will occur upon the filing of a certificate of merger by the Department of
State of New York and with the Secretary of State of Delaware, or at such time
thereafter as is provided in such certificate of merger. See "The
Merger -- Effective Time; Closing".
 
     Distribution of Merger Consideration; Exchange of Share Certificates.  At
or immediately after the Closing Date, Chase will send each UST stockholder a
letter (a "Letter of Instruction") notifying them of the consummation of the
Merger and setting forth instructions for the surrender of certificates that
before the Effective Time represented UST Common Stock. Promptly after receipt
by Chase's exchange agent of certificates surrendered in accordance with the
instructions set forth in the Letter of Instruction, the exchange agent will
distribute to the UST stockholder entitled thereto the certificates
representing shares of Chase Common Stock and a check in lieu of fractional
shares into which the UST Common Stock represented by the surrendered
certificate were converted in the Merger. UST STOCKHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED NOT
TO SURRENDER THEIR CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING OUTSTANDING SHARES OF UST COMMON
STOCK FOR EXCHANGE UNTIL THEY RECEIVE A LETTER OF INSTRUCTION FROM CHASE. See
"The Merger -- Exchange of Certificates in the Merger".
 
                                       7
<PAGE>
 
     Stock Exchange Listing.  Chase has agreed in the Merger Agreement to use
its best efforts to cause the shares of Chase Common Stock issued in the
Merger to be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"),
subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Effective Time. Such
approval for listing is a condition to each of UST's and Chase's obligation to
consummate the Merger. See "The Merger -- Stock Exchange Listing" and
"-- Conditions -- Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger".
 
     Conditions.  The Merger Agreement provides that the respective
obligations of the parties to effect the Merger are subject to certain
conditions, including the approval of each of the Merger and the Distribution
by UST stockholders, consummation of the Distribution, receipt of certain
regulatory approvals and receipt of a private letter ruling (the "Private
Letter Ruling") from the Internal Revenue Service (the "Service") with respect
to the tax-free nature of the transactions involved in the Distribution. The
Merger Agreement provides that the obligation of each of Chase and UST to
effect the Merger is conditioned upon the absence, since September 30, 1994,
of certain material adverse changes. In the case of Chase, such obligation is
conditioned upon the absence of any material adverse change to the business,
properties, assets, results of operation or financial condition of MF Service
Company or the Chase Acquired Business, each taken as a whole, and in the case
of UST, such obligation is conditioned upon the absence of any such change in
Chase and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Adverse changes resulting from
general economic or market conditions do not constitute a material adverse
change. Therefore, a general decline in financial markets resulting in a
substantial decline in the market value of Chase Common Stock would not, in
and of itself, constitute a material adverse change. The determination of
whether a material adverse change has occurred, or is the result of general
economic or market conditions or otherwise, is dependent upon specific facts
and circumstances. The Merger Agreement does not provide that UST can decline
to consummate the Merger solely because the Average Value of Chase Common
Stock or the market value of Chase Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time is substantially less than $31.00. See "The
Merger -- Conditions".
 
     Termination; Termination Payment.  The Merger Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after authorization
of the Merger and the Merger Agreement by UST stockholders: (a) by mutual
written consent of Chase and UST or (b) by either Chase or UST (i) if, upon a
vote at a duly held UST stockholders' meeting or any adjournment thereof, any
required approval of UST stockholders is not obtained, (ii) if the Merger has
not been consummated on or before November 18, 1995, unless the failure to
consummate the Merger is the result of a wilful and material breach of such
agreement by the party seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement; provided,
however, that the passage of such period will be tolled for any part thereof
(but in no event for more than an additional 90 days) during which any party
is subject to a nonfinal order, decree, ruling or action restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger or the
calling or holding of the UST stockholders' meeting, or (iii) if any
governmental entity has issued an order, decree or filing or taken any other
action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger
and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
nonappealable. See "The Merger -- Termination; Amendment and Waiver".
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that after the date of this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, upon termination of the Merger Agreement for any reason
other than by reason of the failure to satisfy certain conditions set forth
therein or due to a permanent injunction issued at the instance of the United
States Department of Justice, or otherwise due to any default on the part of
Chase or the failure of Chase to obtain all requisite approvals, UST will pay
to Chase, as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, the sum of $7.5 million.
Such $7.5 million termination payment will be payable in the event the UST
stockholders fail to approve the Distribution or to authorize and adopt the
Merger Agreement.
 
     Recommendation of the UST Board.  The UST Board has determined the Merger
to be fair to and in the best interests of UST and its stockholders. The UST
Board has approved the Distribution and the Merger Agreement and recommends
the approval of the Distribution and the authorization and adoption of the
Merger Agreement by UST stockholders.
 
     The conclusion of the UST Board with respect to the Merger is based upon
a number of factors. See "The Merger -- Background of the Merger", "-- UST's
Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UST Board" and "-- Opinion of
the Financial Advisor to the UST Board".
 
                                       8
<PAGE>
 
     Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the UST Board.  CS First Boston
Corporation ("CS First Boston"), UST's financial advisor, has delivered to the
UST Board its written opinions that, as of November 17, 1994, and as of the
date of this Proxy Statement-Prospectus, the consideration to be received by
UST stockholders in connection with the Merger is fair to such stockholders
from a financial point of view. The full text of the CS First Boston opinion
dated the date hereof, which is substantially identical to the opinion
delivered to the UST Board on November 17, 1994, and sets forth the
assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken, is
attached as Appendix F to this Proxy Statement-Prospectus. UST stockholders
are urged to read the CS First Boston opinion in its entirety. UST has agreed
to pay CS First Boston a fee in connection with its services, the amount of
which is contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. See "The
Merger -- Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the UST Board".
 
     Dissenters' Rights.  Each holder of UST Common Stock who files a written
objection to the Merger with UST prior to the stockholder vote on the Merger
Proposal, and who does not vote in favor of the Merger, is entitled to the
rights and remedies of dissenting stockholders upon complying with the
procedures set forth in Sections 910 and 623 of the New York Business
Corporation Law (the "NYBCL"), a copy of each of which is attached as Appendix
G hereto. Returning a signed proxy without indicating any voting instructions
will result in such proxy being voted for the Distribution Proposal and the
Merger Proposal and, as a result, cause such UST stockholder to lose his or
her right to dissent. See "The Merger -- Dissenters' Rights" and Appendix G to
this Proxy Statement-Prospectus. The receipt of cash by a dissenting
stockholder will be a taxable event for Federal income tax purposes.
 
     Chase will not be obligated to proceed with the Merger if, as of the date
on which the Effective Time would otherwise occur, more than 5% of the
outstanding shares of UST are held by UST stockholders who have perfected,
under New York law, their right to dissent to the Merger. Chase stockholders
in their capacity as such are not entitled to dissenter's rights in connection
with the Merger.
 
     Accounting Treatment.  The Merger will be accounted for by Chase as a
"purchase" for financial accounting purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, whereby the purchase price will be allocated
based on the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Such
allocations will be made based upon valuations and other studies that have not
been finalized. The excess of the purchase price over the amounts so allocated
will be allocated to goodwill. See "The Merger -- Accounting Treatment".
 
     The Distribution
 
     The Contribution and Assumption Agreement to be entered into between
USTNY and New Trustco prior to the Time of Distribution, the form of which is
attached as Appendix C to this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and is incorporated
herein by reference (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the "Contribution Agreement"), together with the
Distribution Agreement, provides for a series of asset and stock transfers and
liability assumptions between and among UST, Spinco and certain of UST's
subsidiaries prior to the Distribution (the "Internal Reorganization"). The
purpose and effect of the Internal Reorganization is to separate the Core
Businesses, which are not being acquired by Chase in the Merger, from the
Chase Acquired Business and to transfer the Core Businesses to Spinco prior to
the Time of Distribution. Accordingly, the Chase Acquired Business will
constitute all the businesses, assets and liabilities of UST at the Effective
Time. See "The Distribution". UST's stockholders are being asked to vote on
the Distribution and the Merger only, and are not being asked to vote on the
Internal Reorganization. In the event the UST stockholders do not approve the
Distribution and authorize the Merger, or the Merger Agreement is otherwise
terminated, UST nonetheless intends, subject to regulatory and other
approvals, to effect the Internal Reorganization. See "The
Distribution -- Background of the Distribution".
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that prior to the Time of
Distribution, UST will cause Spinco to amend its certificate of incorporation
to, among other things, authorize 40,000,000 shares of Spinco Common Stock.
See "The Distribution".
 
     The Distribution will be effected by the distribution to each holder of
record of UST Common Stock, as of the close of the stock transfer books on the
record date for the Distribution (the "Distribution Record Date"), of
certificates representing one share of Spinco Common Stock with respect to
each share of UST Common Stock held by such holder. See "The
Distribution -- Terms of the Distribution Agreement".
 
                                       9
<PAGE>
 
Certain Regulatory Approvals
 
     The regulatory approvals and consents necessary to consummate the Merger,
the Distribution and certain related transactions include the approval of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC"), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
("FDIC"), the Office of Thrift Supervision and the New York State Banking
Board. Each of Chase, UST and Spinco expect to file applications with the
applicable regulatory authorities during February 1995. There can be no
assurance that the requisite regulatory approvals will be obtained at all or
in a timely manner to permit consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement
may be terminated by UST or Chase if all requisite regulatory approvals have
not been obtained, and all applicable waiting periods have not expired, by
November 18, 1995. There can also be no assurance that any such approvals will
not contain a condition or requirement which causes such approvals to fail to
satisfy the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. There can likewise
be no assurance that other regulatory bodies will not challenge the Merger or,
if such a challenge is made, as to the result thereof. See "The
Merger -- Certain Regulatory Approvals" and "-- Conditions".
 
Interests of Certain Persons in the Transactions
 
     In considering the recommendation of the UST Board, UST stockholders
should be aware that certain members of UST's management and the UST Board
have certain interests in the Merger and the Distribution that are in addition
to the interests of UST stockholders generally. These interests include
certain payments to be received in respect of UST stock options granted prior
to the date of the Merger Agreement. See "The Merger -- Interests of Certain
Persons in the Transactions" and "Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and
UST Benefit Plans". See also "Management -- Treatment of UST Options" in the
Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
The Special Meeting
 
     Time, Place and Date
 
     The Special Meeting will be held at the offices of United States Trust
Company of New York, 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York, in the
Auditorium on the first floor, on March 22, 1995, at 10:00 A.M., local time.
 
     Purpose of Special Meeting
 
     At the Special Meeting, holders of shares of UST Common Stock at the
close of business on the Record Date (as defined below) will be asked (i) to
consider and vote upon the Distribution Proposal, (ii) to consider and vote
upon the Merger Proposal and (iii) to transact such other business as may
properly come before the Special Meeting or any adjournments or postponements
thereof.
 
     Record Date; Stockholders Entitled to Vote; Vote Required
 
     The UST Board has fixed the close of business on February 1, 1995, as the
record date (the "Record Date") for the determination of the holders of UST
Common Stock entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting
and at any adjournments or postponements thereof.
 
     As of the Record Date, directors and executive officers of UST owned
beneficially an aggregate of 792,431 shares of UST Common Stock (including
shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options which are currently
exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days), or approximately
7.93% of the shares of UST Common Stock outstanding on such date. See "The
Special Meeting -- Vote Required".
 
     As of the Record Date, 9,489,309 shares of UST Common Stock were
outstanding. Each share of UST Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date
will be entitled to one vote upon each matter properly submitted at the
Special Meeting. Approval of the Distribution and the authorization and
adoption of the Merger Agreement require, in each case, the affirmative vote
of two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) of the total number of shares entitled to be voted
at the Special Meeting.
 
     It is a condition to consummation of the Distribution that the Merger
Agreement have been authorized and adopted by the UST stockholders, and it is
a condition to consummation of the Merger that the Distribution have been
approved by the UST stockholders.
 
                                      10
<PAGE>
 
Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences
 
     UST has requested the Private Letter Ruling from the Service
substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Distribution will
qualify as a tax-free spin-off to UST and its stockholders under Section 355
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and that
certain asset transfers involved in the Internal Reorganization will not be
taxable transactions. Receipt of the Private Letter Ruling with respect to the
matters described above is a condition to the respective obligations of UST
and Chase to consummate the Merger. It is expected that the Merger will
qualify as a tax-free transaction to UST and its stockholders. Receipt of
opinions of counsel to that effect is a condition to the respective
obligations of UST and Chase to consummate the Merger. See "The
Merger -- Conditions" and "Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences".
 
Comparison of Certain Rights of Holders of Chase Common Stock and UST Common
Stock
 
     See "Comparison of Certain Rights of Holders of Chase Common Stock and
UST Common Stock" for a summary of certain significant differences between the
rights of holders of Chase Common Stock and UST Common Stock.
 
Relationship with Chase
 
     In connection with the Distribution, Chase, UST, USTNY, Spinco and New
Trustco will enter into the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the form of
which is attached as Appendix C to this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and is
incorporated herein by reference (as it may be amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the "Post Closing Covenants Agreement").
In the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Chase, UST and USTNY, on the one
hand, and Spinco and New Trustco, on the other hand, will agree to certain
indemnification provisions arising primarily from the conduct of the Chase
Acquired Business. Spinco also will agree to abide by certain noncompetition
provisions relating to competing with Chase in the securities processing
business. In addition, at the Time of Distribution, New Trustco will enter
into a services agreement (the "Services Agreement") pursuant to which, after
the Distribution, CMB will furnish necessary securities processing, custodial
and other services to New Trustco and its affiliates. See "The Merger -- Terms
of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement" and "Relationship with Chase".
 
Special Factors
 
     After the Merger, holders of UST Common Stock immediately prior to the
Effective Time will hold all of the outstanding capital stock of Spinco and up
to 11,725,806 shares of Chase Common Stock, which will have been acquired in
respect of their former shares of UST Common Stock. Through their holdings of
Spinco Common Stock, the former stockholders of UST will retain their equity
interests in the Core Businesses.
 
     As described above, Chase is a diversified global bank holding company
with global exposure to a wide variety of business including, in addition to
traditional domestic private banking, asset management and corporate trust
services of the kinds provided by UST, commercial and consumer finance,
investment banking, trading and securities processing services. The business
of Chase is substantially different than the business of UST.
 
     In considering whether to approve the Distribution and whether to
authorize and adopt the Merger Agreement, UST stockholders should carefully
evaluate certain factors relating to Spinco. For a discussion of certain
factors relating to Spinco, see "Special Factors" in the Information Statement
attached as Appendix H hereto. UST stockholders are urged to read the
Information Statement in its entirety.
 
                                      11
<PAGE>
 
                   Comparative Per Share Market Information
 
     UST Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ National Market System under the
symbol "USTC". The table below sets forth, for the fiscal periods indicated,
the high and low sales prices per share of UST Common Stock on the NASDAQ
National Market System as reported in published financial sources and the
dividends per share declared on UST Common Stock. Chase Common Stock is listed
and principally traded on the NYSE under the symbol "CMB". The table below
sets forth, for the fiscal periods indicated, the high and low sale prices per
share of Chase Common Stock in NYSE Composite Transactions as reported in
published financial sources and the dividends per share declared on Chase
Common Stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions.
<TABLE>
                                             UST                                    Chase
                              ---------------------------------       ---------------------------------
                               High         Low       Dividends        High         Low       Dividends
                              -------     -------     ---------       -------     -------     ---------
<S>                           <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>           <C>
Fiscal 1992
  First Quarter.............  $45.750     $42.250       $ .43         $25.250     $17.250       $ .30
  Second Quarter............   50.000      42.750         .43          30.375      20.375         .30
  Third Quarter.............   50.875      46.000         .43          29.625      21.625         .30
  Fourth Quarter............   49.750      45.500         .43          30.000      20.750         .30
Fiscal 1993
  First Quarter.............  $59.000     $49.250       $ .47         $35.625     $27.375       $ .30
  Second Quarter............   59.750      50.250         .47          38.000      28.375         .30
  Third Quarter.............   55.500      51.250         .47          37.875      31.375         .30
  Fourth Quarter............   55.000      52.000         .47          38.000      31.125         .30
Fiscal 1994
  First Quarter.............  $53.250     $49.500       $ .50         $36.625     $30.375       $ .33
  Second Quarter............   53.250      49.750         .50          40.000      31.250         .33
  Third Quarter.............   53.000      50.500         .50          38.875      34.625         .40
  Fourth Quarter............   66.000      52.000         .50          37.000      33.500         .40
Fiscal 1995
  First Quarter (through
     February 8, 1995)......  $67.125     $63.500       $ .50         $35.000     $32.875       $ .40
</TABLE>
     The closing price for UST Common Stock on October 21, 1994, the last full
trading day prior to UST's announcement that it was in negotiations to sell
its securities processing business, was $52.375. The closing price for UST
Common Stock and Chase Common Stock on November 17, 1994, the last full
trading day prior to announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement,
was $65.125 and $36.000, respectively. The closing price for UST Common Stock
and Chase Common Stock on February 8, 1995, the most recent trading date
available prior to printing this Proxy Statement-Prospectus, was $66.500 and
$34.875, respectively. For current price information, UST stockholders are
urged to consult publicly available sources.
 
     Holders of Chase Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as
and if declared by Chase's Board of Directors (the "Chase Board") out of funds
legally available therefor. The timing and amount of any future dividends will
depend on circumstances existing at the time, including earnings, cash
requirements, applicable federal and state laws and regulations and policies
and other factors deemed relevant by the Chase Board, including the amount of
dividends payable to Chase by its subsidiary banks. The payment of dividends
to Chase by its subsidiary banks is subject to various state and federal
limitations. See "The Companies -- Chase".
 
                                      12
<PAGE>
 
                          Comparative Per Share Data
 
     The following table sets forth for Chase Common Stock and UST Common
Stock certain per share historical financial information, for UST certain per
share equivalent pro forma financial information and for Spinco certain per
share pro forma financial information as of and for the nine months ended
September 30, 1994 and for the year ended December 31, 1993. Chase and UST pro
forma combined comparative per share data giving effect to the Merger is not
considered to be material to the consolidated financial statements of Chase
and, accordingly, has not been included below. The UST per share equivalent
pro forma financial information is derived from the summary historical
financial information of Chase and is based upon a Conversion Number of 1.083
shares of Chase Common Stock for each share of UST Common Stock. The
Conversion Number is based on the maximum value of the Chase Common Stock
payable in consideration of the Chase Acquired Business under the terms of the
Merger Agreement ($363,500,000) and the assumption that (i) the number of
shares of UST Common Stock outstanding on the Effective Date will be equal to
the number of such shares outstanding at September 30, 1994 after giving
effect to the exercise of options to purchase approximately 236,000 shares of
UST Common Stock (9,622,000) and (ii) the Average Value of Chase Common Stock
on the Effective Date will be equal to the market value of Chase Common Stock
on February 8, 1995 ($34.875).
 
     The following information should be read in conjunction with and is
qualified in its entirety by the consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes of UST and Chase included in the documents described under
"Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference" and the pro forma
condensed financial information and accompanying notes of Spinco set forth
under "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements" herein and included in the
Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
<TABLE>
                                                                                   Equivalent
                                                           Chase         UST       Pro Forma    Spinco
                                                         Historical   Historical   UST Share   Pro Forma
                                                         ----------   ----------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                                        <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
Per Common Share Data
Year ended December 31, 1993
  Earnings before cumulative effect of change
     in accounting principle(a)........................    $ 1.89          N/A       $2.05         N/A
  Earnings.............................................      4.79         4.25        5.19        2.22
  Dividends............................................      1.20         1.88        1.30          (c)
Nine months ended September 30, 1994
  Net Income...........................................      4.76         3.68        5.16        2.15
  Dividends............................................      1.06         1.50        1.15          (c)
As of September 30, 1994
  Book value...........................................     38.83        25.53(b)    42.05       17.16(b)
 
- ---------------
 
(a) Relates to the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No.
     109 ("SFAS 109"). Chase adopted SFAS 109 as of January 1, 1993; UST
     adopted SFAS 109 as of January 1, 1992 and, accordingly, the adoption had
     no impact on UST financial results for the year ended December 31, 1993.
 
(b) Book value per share for UST Historical is based upon 9,386,000 shares of
     UST Common Stock outstanding. Book value per share for Spinco Pro Forma
     is based upon 9,622,000 shares of Spinco Common Stock outstanding.
 
(c) Spinco, as a newly formed corporation, has no history of paying dividends.
     It is anticipated that Spinco will initially pay dividends at an annual
     rate of approximately $1.00 per share. See "Special Factors -- Dividends
     and Dividend Policy" in the Information Statement attached as Appendix H
     hereto.
</TABLE>
                                      13
<PAGE>
 
                  Selected Historical Financial Information
 
UST
 
     The selected historical consolidated financial data of UST set forth in
the table below has been derived from the audited financial statements of UST
for each of the five fiscal years through the period ended December 31, 1993
and the unaudited financial statements of UST for the nine-month periods ended
September 30, 1994 and 1993. The selected historical consolidated financial
data set forth below should be read in conjunction with the historical
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained in UST's
1993 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and UST's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the nine months ended September 30, 1994, which are incorporated by reference
herein. The results of operations for the nine-month period ended September
30, 1994 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
full year 1994. See "Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference",
"Available Information" and "-- Recent Developments". For pro forma financial
statements for UST giving effect to the Distribution, see "Pro Forma Condensed
Financial Statements" in the Information Statement attached as Appendix H
hereto. See also "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" in the Information Statement attached as Appendix H
hereto.
<TABLE>
                                                   (unaudited)
                                                   Nine Months
                                                     ended
                                                  September 30,                        Year ended December 31,
                                              --------------------    --------------------------------------------------------
                                                1994        1993        1993        1992        1991        1990        1989
                                              --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
<S>                                           <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
                                                             (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Income:
Fiduciary and Other Fees..................... $  220.0    $  193.7    $  264.1    $  235.8    $  204.9    $  184.2    $  177.8
Net Interest Income..........................     82.4        88.6       116.2       108.9        96.1        89.4        83.3
Provision for Credit Losses..................     (1.5)       (3.5)       (4.0)       (6.0)       (6.0)       (8.4)       (1.6)
Other Income.................................      9.7         6.5        11.9         9.7         8.7        13.0        16.6
                                              --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Total Operating Income Net of Interest
  Expense and Provision for Credit Losses....     310.6       285.3       388.2       348.4       303.7       278.2       276.1
Total Operating Expenses.....................     247.6       227.8       315.5       289.5       254.9       259.7       232.9
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Income from Operations Before Income Tax
  Expense and Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes....................................      63.0        57.5        72.7        58.9        48.8        18.5        43.2
Income Tax Expense...........................      26.5        24.4        30.4        22.4        17.4         6.8        12.5
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Income from Operations Before Cumulative
  Effect of Accounting Changes...............      36.5        33.1        42.3        36.5        31.4        11.7        30.7
Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting
  for Postretirement Benefits and Income
  Taxes......................................        --          --          --        (7.8)         --          --          --
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Net Income...................................  $   36.5    $   33.1    $   42.3    $   28.8    $   31.4    $   11.7    $   30.7
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Per Common Share:
Primary:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative
    Effect of Accounting Changes.............  $   3.69    $   3.35    $   4.26    $   3.76    $   3.32    $   1.24    $   3.08
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting
    for Postretirement Benefits and Income
    Taxes....................................        --          --          --        (.80)         --          --          --
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Net Income.................................  $   3.69    $   3.35    $   4.26    $   2.96    $   3.32    $   1.24    $   3.08
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Fully Diluted:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative
    Effect of Accounting Changes.............  $   3.68    $   3.34    $   4.25    $   3.74    $   3.27    $   1.23    $   3.07
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting
    for Postretirement Benefits and Income
    Taxes....................................        --          --          --        (.80)         --          --          --
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Net Income.................................  $   3.68    $   3.34    $   4.25    $   2.94    $   3.27    $   1.23    $   3.07
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Cash Dividends Declared Per Share............  $   1.50    $   1.41    $   1.88    $   1.72    $   1.60    $   1.60    $   1.52
Consolidated Condensed Selected Statement of
  Condition Balances at Period-End:
  Total Assets...............................  $  4,019    $  3,690    $  3,186    $  2,951    $  2,917    $  2,778    $  2,526
  Total Deposits.............................     2,383       2,554       2,487       2,355       2,108       2,040       1,987
  Long-Term Debt.............................        63          67          65          65          69          71          75
  Stockholders' Equity.......................       240         217         229         197         182         166         177
Earnings Ratios (unaudited):
  Return on Average Total Assets.............      1.21%       1.16%       1.11%       0.83%       1.09%       0.46%       1.26%
  Return on Average Stockholders' Equity.....     21.48%      21.67%      20.47%      15.28%      18.05%       6.75%      17.29%
Capital Ratios (unaudited):
As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted Period End
  Total Assets:
  Tier 1 Capital.............................     14.19%      13.23%      14.08%      13.71%      10.81%       9.90%       9.99%
  Total Capital..............................     15.51%      14.71%      15.47%      15.16%      12.03%      11.22%      11.26%
Tier 1 Leverage..............................      5.70%       5.11%       5.60%       5.78%       6.68%       6.72%       7.60%
 
- ---------------
 
*Columns may not total due to roundings.
</TABLE> 
                                      14
<PAGE>
 
Chase
 
     The selected historical consolidated financial data of Chase set forth in
the table below has been derived from the audited financial statements of
Chase for each of the five fiscal years through the period ended December 31,
1993 and the unaudited financial statements of Chase for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 1994 and 1993. The selected historical
consolidated financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with
the historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
contained in Chase's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 1993 and Chase's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended
September 30, 1994, which are incorporated by reference herein. Certain
amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current
presentation. In Chase's opinion, all adjustments, consisting only of normal
recurring accruals, necessary for the fair presentation of the financial
position and results of operations for such nine-month periods have been made.
The results of operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 1994
are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year
1994. See "Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference", "Available
Information" and "-- Recent Developments". Pro forma financial statements for
Chase giving effect to the Merger are not included in this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus because the Merger will not have a material effect on
Chase.
<TABLE> 
                                                (unaudited)
                                                Nine Months
                                            Ended September 30,
                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                            --------------------    --------------------------------------------------------
                                              1994        1993        1993        1992        1991        1990        1989
                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
                                                            (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>     
Consolidated Condensed Statement of
 Income:
  Interest Revenue.......................   $  6,187    $  6,314    $  8,468    $  8,705    $  9,638    $ 11,572    $ 11,959
  Interest Expense.......................      3,402       3,453       4,605       5,141       6,293       8,384       8,934
                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Net Interest Revenue...................      2,785       2,861       3,863       3,564       3,345       3,188       3,025
  Provision for Possible Credit Losses...        410         800         995       1,220       1,085       1,300       1,737
  Provision for Loans Held for
   Accelerated Disposition...............         --         566         566          --          --          --          --
                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Net Interest Revenue After Provisions
   for Possible Credit Losses and Loans
   Held for Accelerated Disposition......      2,375       1,495       2,302       2,344       2,260       1,888       1,288
  Other Operating Revenue................      2,381       2,072       2,949       2,349       2,167       2,075       1,931
  Other Operating Expenses...............      3,197       3,321       4,520       3,868       3,783       4,094       3,688
                                            --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Income Before Taxes and Cumulative
   Effect of Change in Accounting
   Principle.............................      1,559         246         731         825         644        (131)       (469)
  Net Income.............................        976         653         966         639         520        (334)       (665)
Per Common Share:
  Primary Earnings (Loss)................   $   4.76    $   3.23    $   4.79    $   3.46    $   3.12    $  (3.31)   $  (7.94)
  Cash Dividends Declared................       1.06        0.90        1.20        1.20        1.20        2.16        2.36
Consolidated Condensed Statement of
 Condition Balances at Period-End:
  Total Assets...........................   $117,065    $100,595    $102,103    $ 95,862    $ 98,197    $ 98,064    $107,369
  Total Deposits.........................     68,922      70,229      71,509      67,224      71,517      70,713      69,073
  Intermediate and Long-Term Debt........      5,031       6,230       5,641       6,913       6,612       6,527       5,718
  Redeemable Preferred Stock.............         --          --          --          53          53          53          54
  Nonredeemable Preferred Stock..........      1,400       1,399       1,399       1,477       1,042         842         842
  Common Stockholders' Equity............      7,040       6,220       6,723       5,034       4,282       3,890       4,102
  Total Stockholders' Equity.............      8,440       7,619       8,122       6,511       5,324       4,732       4,944
Earnings Ratios (unaudited):
  Return on Average Total Assets.........       1.11%       0.86%       0.94%       0.64%       0.52%      (0.31%)     (0.65%)
  Return on Average Common Stockholders'
   Equity................................      17.34%      13.31%      14.59%      11.14%      10.49%     (10.03%)    (18.11%)
Capital Ratios (unaudited):
  As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted Period
   End Total Assets:
    Tier 1 Capital.......................       8.51%       7.94%       8.44%       6.76%       5.32%       4.32%       4.44%
    Total Capital........................      13.22%      12.63%      13.22%      11.12%       9.74%       8.33%       8.87%
  Tier 1 Leverage........................       7.31%       7.48%       7.81%       6.66%       5.28%       4.40%       4.40%
</TABLE>
                                      15
<PAGE>
 
                             Recent Developments
 
UST
 
     The summary financial data set forth below is derived from the audited
financial statements of UST for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993, and
the unaudited financial statements of UST for the three-month periods ended
December 31, 1994 and 1993, and for the twelve-month period ended December 31,
1994. Actual results for the year ended December 31, 1994, are subject to the
completion by UST of its financial statements and accompanying footnotes and
the audit of such financial information by its independent accountants. See
"Selected Financial Data", as well as "Pro Forma Condensed Financial
Statements" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" in the Information Statement attached as Appendix H
hereto.
<TABLE>
                                                              Three Months Ended        Year Ended December
                                                                 December 31,                   31,
                                                              -------------------       -------------------
                                                               1994         1993         1994         1993
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
                                                             (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>   
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Income:
  Net Interest Income.......................................  $   26       $   28       $  108       $  116
  Provision for Credit Losses...............................       1            1            2            4
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
  Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses.....      25           27          106          112
  Other Operating Income....................................      41           76          270          276
  Other Operating Expenses..................................      95           88          342          315
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
  Income (Loss) Before Taxes................................     (29)          15           34           73
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
  Net Income (Loss).........................................  $  (16)      $    9       $   21       $   42
                                                              ======       ======       ======       ======
Per Common Share:
  Fully diluted.............................................  $(1.65)      $ 0.92       $ 2.09       $ 4.25
                                                              ======       ======       ======       ======
  Cash Dividends Declared...................................  $ 0.50       $ 0.47       $ 2.00       $ 1.88
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Condition:
  Total Assets..............................................                            $3,223       $3,186
  Total Deposits............................................                             2,440        2,487
  Long-Term Debt............................................                                61           65
  Total Stockholders' Equity................................                               223          229
Earnings Ratios (unaudited):
  Return on Average Total Assets............................   (1.60)%       0.96%        0.53%        1.11%
  Return on Average Total Stockholders' Equity..............   (27.3)%       17.1%         9.2%        20.5%
Capital Ratios (unaudited):
  As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted Period End Total Assets:
    Tier 1 Capital..........................................                             13.52%       14.08%
    Total Capital...........................................                             14.79%       15.47%
  Tier 1 Leverage...........................................                              5.68%        5.60%
</TABLE>
     Results of Operations
 
     On January 19, 1995, UST reported a net loss of $15.5 million for the
fourth quarter of 1994, compared to net income of $9.1 million for the fourth
quarter of 1993. On a fully diluted per share basis, the net loss for the
fourth quarter of 1994 was $1.65, compared to net income of $0.92 for the
fourth quarter of 1993. The results of the fourth quarter of 1994 include
$50.2 million ($27.9 million after taxes) of charges associated with the
pending Merger. Excluding the aforementioned charges, net income for the
fourth quarter of 1994 would have been $12.4 million, or $1.22 on a fully
diluted per share basis.
 
     For the year 1994, net income was $21.0 million, a decrease of 50.4% from
$42.3 million of net income for the year 1993. Fully diluted net income per
share for 1994 was $2.09, compared with $4.25 for 1993, a decrease of 50.8%.
Excluding the charges associated with the Merger, net income for 1994 would
have been $48.9 million, or $4.83 on a fully diluted per share basis.
 
                                      16
<PAGE>
 
     Fiduciary and Other Fees
 
     Fiduciary and other fees increased 7.5% to $75.6 million in the fourth
quarter of 1994 from $70.3 million in the fourth quarter of 1993. Fiduciary
and other fees related to the Processing Business increased 7.2% to $25.8
million in the fourth quarter of 1994 from $24.0 million in the fourth quarter
of 1993. Fiduciary and other fees related to the Core Businesses increased
7.6% to $49.8 million in the fourth quarter of 1994 from $46.3 million in the
fourth quarter of 1993.
 
     For the year 1994, fiduciary and other fees were $295.6 million, an
increase of 11.9% over fiduciary and other fees of $264.1 million in 1993.
Fiduciary and other fees related to the Processing Business increased 10.5% to
$102.7 million in 1994 from $93.0 million in 1993. Fiduciary and other fees
related to the Core Businesses increased 12.7% to $192.9 million in 1994 from
$171.1 million in 1993. Excluding fiduciary and other fees attributable to
U.S. Trust Company of the Pacific Northwest (formerly Capital Trust Company),
acquired on July 7, 1993, fiduciary and other fees related to the Core
Businesses would have increased 10.5% for the year 1994.
 
     Assets Under Management
 
     Total assets under management increased 2.4% to $33.0 billion at December
31, 1994, from $32.2 billion at December 31, 1993. Such assets include $1.9
billion of funds under management for clients of the Processing Business.
Assets held in custody for personal clients increased 4.7% to $8.2 billion at
December 31, 1994, from $7.9 billion at December 31, 1993. Corporate trust
assets under trusteeship and agency relationships, including assets
administered by UST's bond immobilization business, increased 4.8% to $159.6
billion at December 31, 1994, from $152.2 billion at December 31, 1993. Total
assets under administration for the Processing Business increased 11.2% to
$223.4 billion at December 31, 1994, from $200.9 billion at December 31, 1993.
 
     Securities Gains (Losses) and Net Interest Income
 
     Under the Merger Agreement, the assets of the Chase Acquired Business
(which includes the Processing Business) will include readily available funds
approximately equal to the liabilities (including deposit liabilities), net of
fixed assets, associated with the Chase Acquired Business. The Chase Acquired
Business deposits provided a long-term source of funds to UST which financed a
portion of UST's long- and medium-term interest earning assets. In
anticipation of consummating the Merger and to substantially effect a
rebalancing of UST's overall asset and liability structure, in the fourth
quarter of 1994, UST sold approximately $800 million of U.S. Government
Treasury and Agency securities. The proceeds from such sales were invested in
short-term investment securities and used to reduce short-term borrowings. Net
losses from the sale of securities in the fourth quarter of 1994 totaled $44.2
million ($23.3 million after taxes), compared to a net gain of $3.0 million
from the sale of securities in the fourth quarter of 1993. For the year 1994,
net losses from the sale of securities totalled $42.1 million, compared to a
net gain from the sale of securities of $3.0 million for the year 1993.
 
     Net interest income, on a taxable equivalent basis, was $26.8 million in
the fourth quarter of 1994, a decrease of 7.7% from $29.1 million in the
fourth quarter of 1993. Net interest income in 1994, on a taxable equivalent
basis, was $112.8 million, a decrease of 7.6% from $122.1 million in 1993. The
principal reason for the decline in net interest income during the fourth
quarter of 1994 and the year 1994 was the reduction ($283 million for the
fourth quarter and $187 million for the year) in the average volume of net
non-interest bearing deposit balances.
 
     The average net non-interest bearing deposit balances of the Processing
Business declined 28.8% to $602 million in the fourth quarter of 1994,
compared to $845 million in the fourth quarter of 1993. The average volume of
net non-interest bearing deposit balances of the Processing Business in 1994
were $776 million, a 21.1% reduction from $983 million in 1993. Replacing such
net non-interest bearing deposit balances with short-term borrowings caused
UST's net interest income to decline by $3.2 million ($1.7 million after taxes
or $0.18 per fully diluted share) in the fourth quarter of 1994 and $9.0
million ($4.8 million after taxes or $0.47 per fully diluted share) in 1994.
 
     The net yield on interest-earning assets was 3.43% in the fourth quarter
of 1994 and 3.49% in the year 1994, compared to 3.86% and 3.95% in the
corresponding 1993 periods. The decline in the net yield reflects
 
                                      17
<PAGE>
 
the lower level of net non-interest bearing deposit balances and the impact of
the reduction in the investment securities portfolio's maturity structure.
 
     Other Income
 
     Other income was $9.1 million for the fourth quarter of 1994, compared to
$2.4 million for the fourth quarter of 1993, an increase of 282.3%. Other
income was $16.7 million in 1994, compared to $8.9 million in 1993, an
increase of 89.0%. This increase was attributable primarily to the sale by UST
of its partnership interest in Financial Technologies International L.P.; a
pre-tax gain of $6.4 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 1994 ($3.4
million after taxes or $0.36 per fully diluted share for the fourth quarter
and $0.33 per fully diluted share for the year 1994) in connection with this
transaction.
 
     Total Revenues
 
     Total revenues (defined as fiduciary and other fees and net interest
income after provision for credit losses, adjusted for securities losses
incurred in anticipation of the Merger) were $109.9 million for the fourth
quarter of 1994, compared with $102.9 million for the fourth quarter of 1993.
Total revenues were $420.5 million for the year 1994, compared with $388.2
million for the year 1993. Core Businesses total revenues were $73.5 million
for the fourth quarter of 1994, an increase of 7.6% over $68.3 million of
total revenues in the fourth quarter of 1993. Core Businesses total revenues
for the year 1994 were $270.2 million, an increase of 14.1% over 1993 Core
Businesses total revenues of $236.8 million. Total revenues attributable to
the Processing Business were $36.4 million for the fourth quarter of 1994,
compared with $34.6 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. Total revenues
attributable to the Processing Business in 1994 were $150.3 million, compared
with $151.4 million in 1993.
 
     Operating Expenses
 
     Non-interest operating expenses were $94.3 million in the fourth quarter
of 1994, an increase of 7.5% from $87.7 million in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Non-interest operating expenses were $341.9 million in the year 1994, an
increase of 8.4% from $315.5 million in the year 1993. UST incurred $6.0
million ($4.6 million after taxes) in professional fees and other related
expenses in the fourth quarter of 1994 in connection with the proposed Merger.
Salaries and employee benefit expenses, including sales incentives and
commissions, increased $4.3 million, or 8.6%, in the fourth quarter of 1994,
and $18.3 million, or 9.7%, in the year 1994, reflecting increases in the size
of the asset management and mutual funds services businesses' professional
staffs and related employee benefit expense. In addition, the expense accrued
for UST's stock-based incentive award plans increased by approximately
$500,000 after taxes or $0.05 per share, in the fourth quarter of 1994 as a
result of the higher price of UST Common Stock in the fourth quarter of 1994
following UST's announcement of the Merger Agreement. For the fourth quarter
of 1994, the ratio of total operating expenses to taxable equivalent total
revenues, as deferred ("efficiency ratio") was 79.6%, compared to 84.1% for
the fourth quarter of 1993. For the year 1994, the comparable efficiency ratio
was 79.0%, versus 80.1% for the year 1993. The calculation of the 1994
efficiency ratios excludes the impact of the pending Merger on operating
income and operating expenses.
 
     Core Businesses operating expenses were $51.7 million during the fourth
quarter of 1994, compared with $49.8 million during the comparable fourth
quarter of 1993. The operating expenses attributable to the Processing
Business were $27.8 million for the fourth quarter of 1994, compared with
$32.3 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. Corporate overhead and other
unallocated expenses were $14.9 million and $5.6 million for the fourth
quarters of 1994 and 1993, respectively.
 
     Core Businesses operating expenses were $194.1 million during 1994,
compared with $173.4 million during 1993. The operating expenses attributable
to the Processing Business were $113.6 million for 1994, compared with $110.1
million during 1993. Corporate overhead and other unallocated expenses were
$34.2 million and $32.0 million for 1994 and 1993, respectively.
 
     Income Tax Expense
 
     As a result of the pre-tax loss of $28.6 million in the fourth quarter of
1994, UST recorded a tax benefit of $13.0 million (at a 45.6% effective tax
rate), compared to a tax provision of $6.0 million (at a 39.8% effective
 
                                      18
<PAGE>
 
tax rate) for the fourth quarter of 1993. The effective tax rate was 39.0% for
the year 1994, compared to 41.8% for the year 1993. The decline in the
effective tax rate from 1993 to 1994 was due to lower state and local income
taxes.
 
     Asset Quality and Provision For Credit Losses
 
     Average loans increased $223 million, or 18.9%, to $1.4 billion in the
fourth quarter of 1994, from $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Residential real estate mortgages accounted for more than 70% of the increase
in the loan portfolio. Average loans increased $212.2 million, or 19.4%, to
$1.3 billion in 1994, from $1.1 billion in 1993.
 
     The provision for credit losses was $500,000 in the fourth quarters of
both 1994 and 1993. For the year 1994, the provision for credit losses was
$2.0 million, compared to $4.0 million for the year 1993.
 
     In the fourth quarter of 1994, net loan charge-offs were $228,000,
compared to net loan charge-offs of $1.4 million in the fourth quarter of
1993. As a percentage of total average loans for the quarter, net loan
charge-offs on an annualized basis were six basis points in the fourth quarter
of 1994, compared to 46 basis points in the fourth quarter of 1993. For the
year 1994, net loan charge-offs were $694,000, compared to $2.3 million for
the year 1993. As a percentage of total average loans for the year, net loan
charge-offs were five basis points for 1994, compared to 21 basis points for
1993.
 
     The allowance for credit losses at December 31, 1994, was $14.7 million,
or 1.12% of total average loans outstanding for 1994, compared with an
allowance for credit losses at December 31, 1993, of $13.4 million, or 1.22%
of total average loans outstanding for 1993. The allowance for credit losses
as a percentage of nonperforming loans amounted to 230.72% at December 31,
1994, compared to 223.03% at December 31, 1993.
 
     Nonperforming assets were $18.7 million for the year 1994, compared to
$17.5 million for the year 1993. As a percentage of period-end total assets,
total nonperforming assets amounted to 58 basis points for the year 1994,
compared to 55 basis points for the year 1993.
 
     Capital
 
     The Company's Tier 1 capital ratio was 13.52% at December 31, 1994,
compared to 14.08% at December 31, 1993. The total capital ratio was 14.79% at
December 31, 1994, compared to 15.47% at December 31, 1993. The Tier 1
leverage ratio was 5.68% at December 31, 1994, compared to 5.60% at December
31, 1993.
 
Chase
 
     On January 17, 1995, Chase announced its results for the fourth quarter
and full year of 1994. The following is a summary of such results. Chase's
announcement is fully set forth as an exhibit to Chase's Current Report on
Form 8-K dated January 17, 1995, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Such Current Report will be superseded by Chase's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 1994. As used in this "Recent Developments"
discussion, the term Chase means The Chase Manhattan Corporation and its
consolidated subsidiaries.
 
     Fourth Quarter and Full Year 1994 Earnings
 
     Chase reported net income of $229 million for the fourth quarter of 1994,
or $1.10 per common share, down 27% from the $313 million, or $1.53 per common
share, reported for the fourth quarter of 1993.
 
     Chase reported a 25% increase in consolidated net income for the full
year of 1994 to $1,205 million, or $5.87 per common share, compared to net
income of $966 million, or $4.79 per common share, for the full year of 1993.
 
     Net Interest Revenue_--_Taxable Equivalent Basis.  Net interest revenue,
on a taxable equivalent basis, was $911 million for the fourth quarter of
1994, down $97 million from $1,008 million for the fourth quarter of 1993
which included $21 million from the sale of Argentine past-due interest
("PDI") bonds. The net interest
 
                                      19
<PAGE>
 
margin was 3.68% for the fourth quarter of 1994, compared to 4.33% for the
fourth quarter of 1993. Average interest-earning assets for the fourth quarter
of 1994 were $98.1 billion, compared to $92.4 billion for the fourth quarter
of 1993. Average loans were $61.2 billion for the fourth quarter of 1994,
compared to $62.4 billion for the fourth quarter of 1993.
 
     Net interest revenue, on a taxable equivalent basis, was $3,714 million
for the full year of 1994, compared to $3,892 million for 1993, which included
$163 million of interest revenue from Brazilian and Argentine PDI bonds. The
net interest margin was 3.89% for the full year of 1994, compared to 4.33%
(4.15% excluding PDI bonds) for 1993. The net interest margin decline
primarily reflected the combined effects of a rising interest rate environment
as well as increased competition on loan pricing in certain businesses and a
change in the composition of average interest earning assets. Average interest
earning assets increased approximately $5.6 billion, from $89.9 billion in
1993 to $95.5 billion in 1994, due primarily to growth in securities and other
liquid assets to support trading businesses. Management expects such factors
to continue to impact the net interest margin in 1995.
 
     Other Operating Revenue.  Total other operating revenue for the fourth
quarter of 1994 was $672 million, compared to $878 million for the fourth
quarter of 1993. Total other operating revenue for the full year of 1994 was
$3,053 million, compared to $2,949 million for the full year of 1993.
 
     Total fees and commissions for the fourth quarter of 1994 were $492
million, compared to $401 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. Total
consumer banking fees for the fourth quarter of 1994 increased to $167
million, from $110 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. The increase
reflected increased servicing fees from a higher volume of mortgage servicing
assets and the absence of accelerated write-downs of such assets in 1994.
Trust and fiduciary fees for the fourth quarter of 1994 were $145 million,
compared to $124 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. The increase
primarily reflected increased customer transaction volumes in the Global
Securities Services business. Investment banking fee revenue for the fourth
quarter of 1994 was $72 million, compared to $53 million for the fourth
quarter of 1993, reflecting improved transaction volumes.
 
     Total fees and commissions for the full year of 1994 were $1,876 million,
up 20% compared to $1,562 million for the full year of 1993, reflecting
increases in all major categories of fee revenue. Total consumer banking fees,
including credit card and mortgage banking fees, were $638 million, compared
to $457 million for the full year of 1993. Trust and fiduciary fees for the
full year of 1994 were $567 million, compared to $465 million for the full
year of 1993. Investment banking fee revenue for the full year of 1994 was
$233 million, compared to $194 million for the full year of 1993.
 
     Total trading revenue for the fourth quarter of 1994 was $32 million,
down significantly from the $168 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. Total
trading revenue for the full year 1994 was $551 million compared with $716
million for 1993. The decline in 1994 trading revenue is attributable to
several factors, the most significant of which was the overall weakness in the
global securities and derivatives markets throughout most of the year. In
addition, the devaluation of the Mexican peso in December 1994, and the
subsequent deterioration of the emerging markets, adversely affected trading
revenue in the fourth quarter, as did the failure by a few counterparties to
perform fully their obligations under derivatives contracts.
 
     The difficult market conditions have continued into early 1995. Although
Chase has reduced its exposure to the emerging markets, management believes
that trading revenue in 1995, particularly in the first quarter, is likely to
be adversely affected by these conditions.
 
     Other revenue for the fourth quarter of 1994 was $148 million, compared
to $309 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. The decrease was due
principally to the absence of significant gains in 1994 from the portfolio of
real estate assets designated for accelerated disposition. Other revenue for
the fourth quarter of 1994 included a gain of $31 million from the sale of
mortgage servicing rights and a gain of approximately $30 million from the
sale of the retail deposit-taking business of Chase Manhattan Bank of Florida,
N.A. Other revenue for the fourth quarter of 1993 included $31 million in
losses related to reducing Chase's cross-border exposure, which was partially
offset in interest revenue by an increase of $21 million.
 
     Other revenue for the full year of 1994 was $626 million, compared to
$671 million reported for 1993. Other revenue for 1994 included $104 million
of net gains from sales and repayment of assets held for accelerated
disposition, compared to $291 million for 1993. Corporate finance-related
investment gains were
 
                                      20
<PAGE>
 
$215 million for the full year of 1994, compared to $259 million for the full
year of 1993. Gains from investment securities were $105 million for the full
year of 1994 and $47 million for 1993.
 
     Other Operating Expenses.  Total operating expenses were $1,275 million
for the fourth quarter of 1994, compared to $1,199 million for the fourth
quarter of 1993. Operating expenses for fourth quarter 1994 included $105
million related to a voluntary retirement program offered during the fourth
quarter, which was accepted by approximately 1,200 employees. Also included in
fourth quarter 1994 operating expenses were $52 million for productivity
initiatives, such as exiting from certain consumer activities overseas,
regionalizing foreign operations and streamlining domestic infrastructure. For
fourth quarter 1993, operating expenses included $45 million for
business-related investments, including the costs associated with expanding
dealer trading activities and enhanced information systems.
 
     Compared to the same period of 1993, operating expenses for fourth
quarter 1994 reflected higher performance related compensation expenses as
well as increased costs of marketing programs in support of Chase's
businesses, particularly credit card, regional banking and global capital
markets. In addition, operating expenses for fourth quarter 1994 included
approximately $30 million from the acquisition by Chase of American
Residential Holding Corporation, a mortgage lending company. Operating
expenses for the fourth quarter of 1994 were favorably impacted by $28 million
in net revenue from real estate properties acquired in satisfaction of loans,
including loans classified as in-substance foreclosures ("ORE"), compared to
$107 million of net ORE expenses for the same period in 1993.
 
     Other operating expenses for the full year of 1994 totaled $4,472
million, compared to $4,202 million for the full year of 1993. 1993 expenses
include the first quarter 1993 provision of $318 million for ORE held for
accelerated disposition. The growth in expenses in 1994 resulted from the
funding of business growth opportunities, particularly in Chase's global
securities services, national consumer products and global markets activities,
as well as from the fourth quarter 1994 voluntary retirement program and
productivity initiatives. Chase's expense to revenue ratio for 1994 was 66%.
Although management has undertaken the fourth quarter 1994 initiatives as well
as other efforts to control expenses, it is unlikely that the expense to
revenue ratio will decline significantly in 1995.
 
     Income Taxes.  Chase recorded a net tax benefit of $18 million, compared
to a $173 million expense for the fourth quarter of 1993. The fourth quarter
benefit in 1994 reflected a $70 million reduction of the deferred federal
income tax valuation allowance.
 
     The provision for income taxes for the full year of 1994 was $565
million, compared to $265 million for 1993. Excluding the tax benefits
applicable to the special provision for the accelerated disposition portfolio,
Chase's tax provision for 1993 would have been approximately $575 million. In
addition, Chase adopted SFAS 109 in the first quarter of 1993 resulting in a
$500 million net benefit recorded as a cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principles.
 
     Provision for Possible Credit Losses and Net Loan Charge-Offs.  The
provision for possible credit losses for the fourth quarter of 1994 was $90
million, compared to $195 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. The
provision for possible credit losses for the full year of 1994 was $500
million, compared to $995 million (excluding the accelerated disposition
portfolio) for the full year of 1993.
 
     Total net loan charge-offs (excluding the accelerated disposition
portfolio) for the fourth quarter of 1994 were $95 million, compared to $679
million for the fourth quarter of 1993. No international net loan charge-offs
were recorded for the fourth quarter of 1994, while $490 million of such
charge-offs were recorded for the fourth quarter of 1993.
 
     Total net loan charge-offs (excluding the accelerated disposition
portfolio) for the full year of 1994 were $517 million, down $820 million from
the $1,337 million charged off for the full year of 1993. Domestic consumer
net loan charge-offs for the full year of 1994 were $370 million, down $24
million compared to the full year of 1993. Domestic commercial real estate net
loan charge-offs (excluding the accelerated disposition portfolio) for the
full year of 1994 were $125 million, compared to $277 million for the full
year of 1993. International net loan charge-offs for the full year of 1994
were $3 million, compared to $500 million for the full year of 1993.
 
                                      21
<PAGE>
 
     Reserve for Possible Credit Losses.  At December 31, 1994, the reserve
for possible credit losses was $1,414 million, or 2.24% of total loans and
214% of nonaccrual loans, compared to $1,425 million, or 2.36% of total loans
and 135% of nonaccrual loans (excluding the accelerated disposition
portfolio), at December 31, 1993.
 
     Nonaccrual Outstandings and ORE.  Total nonaccrual outstandings were $660
million at December 31, 1994, compared to $1,054 million (excluding the
accelerated disposition portfolio) at December 31, 1993. Domestic commercial
real estate nonaccrual outstandings were $266 million at December 31, 1994,
compared to $475 million (excluding the accelerated disposition portfolio) at
December 31, 1993. Other domestic nonaccrual loans outstandings were $244
million at December 31, 1994, compared to $407 million at December 31, 1993.
Total ORE was $257 million at December 31, 1994, compared to $905 million
(excluding the accelerated disposition portfolio) at December 31, 1993.
 
     Domestic Commercial Real Estate Assets.  At December 31, 1994, total
domestic commercial real estate assets were $2,306 million, compared to $3,994
million at December 31, 1993. At December 31, 1994, there were no assets
remaining in the accelerated disposition portfolio. At December 31, 1993, $222
million of assets remained in the portfolio.
<TABLE>
  Chase Summary Financial Data
 
                                                                (unaudited)
                                                            Three Months Ended
                                                               December 31,                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                          -----------------------           ---------------------------
                                                           1994             1993              1994               1993
                                                          ------           ------           --------           --------
                                                           (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts and Ratios)
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>              <C>                <C>     
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Income:
  Interest Revenue......................................  $1,947           $2,155           $  8,134           $  8,468
  Interest Expense......................................   1,043            1,153              4,445              4,605
                                                          ------           ------           --------           --------
  Net Interest Revenue..................................     904            1,002              3,689              3,863
  Provision for Possible Credit Losses..................      90              195                500                995
  Provision for Loans Held for Accelerated
    Disposition.........................................      --               --                 --                566
                                                          ------           ------           --------           --------
  Net Interest Revenue After Provisions for Possible
    Credit Losses and Loans Held for Accelerated
    Disposition.........................................     814              807              3,189              2,302
  Other Operating Revenue...............................     672              878              3,053              2,949
  Other Operating Expenses..............................   1,275            1,199              4,472              4,520
                                                          ------           ------           --------           --------
  Income Before Taxes and Cumulative Effect of Change in
    Accounting Principle................................     211              486              1,770                731
  Net Income............................................     229              313              1,205                966
 
Per Common Share:
  Primary Earnings......................................  $ 1.10           $ 1.53           $   5.87           $   4.79
  Cash Dividends Declared...............................    0.40             0.30               1.46               1.20
 
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Condition:
  Total Assets..........................................                                    $114,038           $102,103
  Total Deposits........................................                                      69,956             71,509
  Intermediate- and Long-Term Debt......................                                       5,070              5,641
  Nonredeemable Preferred Stock.........................                                       1,400              1,399
  Common Stockholders' Equity...........................                                       6,959              6,723
  Total Stockholders' Equity............................                                       8,359              8,122
 
Earnings Ratios (unaudited):
  Return on Average Total Assets*.......................    0.75%            1.18%              1.01%              0.94%
  Return on Average Common Stockholders' Equity.........    11.3%            17.9%              15.8%              14.6%
 
Capital Ratios (unaudited):
  As a Percentage of Risk Adjusted Period End Total
    Assets:
    Tier 1 Capital......................................                                        8.30%              8.44%
    Total Capital.......................................                                       12.78%             13.22%
  Tier 1 Leverage.......................................                                        7.37%              7.81%
 
- ---------------
* On January 1, 1994, Chase adopted FASB Interpretation No. 39. As a result of
  such adoption, Chase's Trading Account Assets and Liabilities increased
  approximately $8 billion at December 31, 1994. This had the effect of
  decreasing the return on average total assets ratio and the Tier 1 Leverage
  ratio.
</TABLE>
                                      22
<PAGE>
 
                             THE SPECIAL MEETING
 
General
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus is being furnished to holders of UST
Common Stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the UST Board
for use at the Special Meeting, to be held at the offices of United States
Trust Company of New York, 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York, in the
Auditorium on the first floor, on March 22, 1995, at 10:00 A.M., local time,
and any adjournments or postponements thereof, (i) to consider and vote upon
the Distribution Proposal, (ii) to consider and vote upon the Merger Proposal
and (iii) to transact such other business as may properly come before the
Special Meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.
 
     Each copy of this Proxy Statement-Prospectus mailed to holders of UST
Common Stock is accompanied by a form of proxy for use at the Special Meeting.
 
     STOCKHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED TO COMPLETE, SIGN AND DATE THE ACCOMPANYING
PROXY CARD AND RETURN IT PROMPTLY TO UST IN THE ENCLOSED, POSTAGE-PAID
ENVELOPE.
 
     This Proxy Statement-Prospectus is also furnished to UST stockholders as
the prospectus of Chase relating to the issuance by Chase of shares of Chase
Common Stock in connection with the Merger.
 
Record Date
 
     The UST Board has fixed the close of business on February 1, 1995, as the
Record Date for the determination of the holders of UST Common Stock entitled
to receive notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting and at any
adjournments or postponements thereof.
 
Vote Required
 
     As of the Record Date, 9,489,309 shares of UST Common Stock were
outstanding and held by approximately 2,070 holders of record. Each share of
UST Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date will be entitled to one vote
upon each matter to come before the Special Meeting. Approval of the
Distribution and authorization and adoption of the Merger Agreement require,
in each case, the affirmative vote of two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) of the total
number of shares entitled to be voted at the Special Meeting.
 
     The presence in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting of a majority
of the number of shares entitled to be voted is necessary to constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions will be counted as present
for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. With respect to the
proposals to approve the Distribution and to authorize and adopt the Merger
Agreement, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against each such
proposal. Under the rules of the NASD, brokers who hold shares in street name
for customers will not have the authority to vote such shares on the
Distribution Proposal or the Merger Proposal unless such brokers receive
specific instructions from the beneficial owners of such shares. While shares
as to which there is a non-vote by a broker will be counted as present for
purposes of a quorum, such non-vote will have the same effect as a vote
against approval of the Distribution and against authorization and adoption of
the Merger Agreement.
 
     It is a condition to the consummation of the Distribution that the Merger
Agreement have been authorized and adopted by the stockholders of UST, and it
is a condition to consummation of the Merger that the Distribution have been
approved by the stockholders of UST.
 
     As of the Record Date, directors and executive officers of UST owned
beneficially an aggregate of 792,431 shares of UST Common Stock (including
shares issuable upon the exercise of employee stock options which are
currently exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days), or
approximately 7.93% of the shares of UST Common Stock outstanding on such
date. See "The Merger -- Interests of Certain Persons in The Transactions",
"Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans" and
"Beneficial Ownership".
 
                                      23
<PAGE>
 
     As of the Record Date, directors and executive officers of Chase
beneficially owned 1,000 shares of UST Common Stock.
 
Voting and Revocation of Proxies
 
     Shares of UST Common Stock represented by a proxy properly signed and
received at or prior to the Special Meeting, unless subsequently revoked, will
be voted in accordance with the instructions thereon. If a proxy is signed and
returned without indicating any voting instructions, shares of UST Common
Stock represented by the proxy will be voted FOR both the Distribution
Proposal and the Merger Proposal. Any proxy given pursuant to this
solicitation may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before the
proxy is voted by the filing of an instrument revoking it or of a duly
executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of UST prior to or at
the Special Meeting, or by voting in person at the Special Meeting. All
written notices of revocation and other communications with respect to
revocation of proxies should be addressed to U.S. Trust Corporation, 114 West
47th Street, New York, New York 10036. Attention: Office of the Secretary.
Attendance at the Special Meeting will not in and of itself constitute a
revocation of a proxy.
 
     The UST Board is not currently aware of any matters to come before the
Special Meeting other than as described herein. If, however, other matters are
properly brought before the Special Meeting, or any adjournments or
postponements thereof, the persons appointed as proxies will have discretion
to vote or act thereon according to their best judgment. Proxies voted against
the Distribution Proposal or the Merger Proposal, however, will not be used to
vote in favor of an adjournment to the Special Meeting for the purpose of
soliciting additional votes.
 
Solicitation of Proxies
 
     In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and employees of
UST, who will not be specifically compensated for such services, may solicit
proxies from UST stockholders personally or by telephone, telecopy or telegram
or other forms of communication. Brokerage houses, nominees, fiduciaries and
other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting materials to
beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable expenses
incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners.
 
     In addition, UST has retained Morrow & Co. to assist in the solicitation
of proxies from its stockholders. The fees to be paid to such firm for such
services by UST are not expected to exceed $7,500, plus reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses. UST will bear the expenses in connection
with the solicitation of proxies for the Special Meeting.
 
Dissenters' Rights
 
     Holders of UST Common Stock will be entitled to dissenters' rights in
connection with the Merger. See "The Merger -- Dissenters' Rights".
 
                               THE TRANSACTIONS
 
     Pursuant to the transactions described in this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, Chase will acquire the Chase Acquired Business, which is
comprised of the Processing Business and the Related Back Office. The
Processing Business consists of (i) the unit investment trust business of
USTNY and its affiliates, which includes, among other things, acting as
trustee for "unit investment trusts" (as such term is defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), maintaining custody of securities
and investments for unit trusts and providing other processing support to unit
trusts, (ii) the mutual funds services business of UST and its subsidiaries,
which includes, among other things, providing domestic and global custody,
transfer agency and other administrative services to registered investment
companies and (iii) the institutional asset services business of USTNY and its
affiliates, which includes, among other things, master trust and custody
services, securities lending services, rabbi trust services and certain money
management services. The Related Back Office consists of USTNY's Computer
Services Division and Securities Services and Trust Operations Division,
including, but not limited to, computer equipment, furniture, fixtures,
inventory and supplies and
 
                                      24
<PAGE>
 
other property (but not including any property related to certain bank
processing services, such as loan processing services, deposit and check
processing services and the like).
 
     The sale of the Chase Acquired Business will be effected through a series
of sequential transactions, including the Distribution and the Merger, all as
set forth in the Merger Agreement. The purpose of this complex structure is to
permit the sale of the Chase Acquired Business to Chase on a tax-free basis to
UST and its stockholders in a transaction in which UST stockholders will
receive Chase Common Stock and will also retain their proportionate equity
interests in the Core Businesses in the form of Spinco Common Stock to be
received in the Distribution. In order to ensure the tax-free nature of the
sale, UST (which will then hold only the Chase Acquired Business) will merge
with and into Chase. Accordingly, a "reverse spinoff" structure was adopted
pursuant to which the Core Businesses will be transferred to Spinco and its
subsidiaries and the common stock of Spinco will, prior to the Merger, be
distributed to UST stockholders in the Distribution. After the Distribution
and at the Effective Time, UST and its remaining subsidiaries, USTNY, Mutual
Funds Service Company, a Delaware corporation ("MF Service Company"), and U.S.
Trust Company of Wyoming, a Wyoming corporation ("UST-WY"), will hold the
Chase Acquired Business. Chase will effectively acquire the Chase Acquired
Business in the Merger and the subsequent merger of USTNY with and into CMB
(the "Bank Merger"), pursuant to which UST and USTNY will be merged with and
into Chase and CMB, respectively, and MF Service Company and UST-WY will
become subsidiaries of Chase or CMB.
 
     The current corporate structure of UST and its subsidiaries is as
follows:
 
     The significant sequential transactions that will be effected in order to
accomplish the Distribution and the Merger, all of which will take place at or
shortly before the Effective Time, are briefly described below:
 
          First, pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, USTNY will assign and
     transfer the Core Businesses to New Trustco, which will have been
     organized as a wholly owned bank subsidiary of USTNY;
 
          Second, pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, USTNY will dividend
     all the stock of New Trustco to UST;
 
                                      25
<PAGE>
 
          Third, pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, UST will contribute
     to Spinco all the stock of New Trustco, the capital stock of all UST's
     subsidiaries (other than USTNY, MF Service Company and UST-WY) and
     certain miscellaneous assets of UST, including cash or securities then
     held by UST;
 
          Following the Internal Reorganization described above, the corporate
     structure of UST and its subsidiaries will be as follows:
 
          Fourth, pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, Spinco will effect a
     recapitalization pursuant to which its authorized common stock will be
     increased to 40,000,000 shares and the shares then outstanding, all of
     which will be held by UST, will be equal to the number of shares of UST
     Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Distribution;
 
          Fifth, pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, UST will distribute
     to each of its stockholders in the Distribution one share of Spinco
     Common Stock in respect of each share of UST Common Stock held by such
     stockholder on the Distribution Record Date;
 
          Sixth, shortly after the Distribution, the Merger will be
     consummated pursuant to the Merger Agreement; and
 
          Seventh, immediately after the Merger, the Bank Merger will be
     completed, and USTNY will merge into CMB.
 
                                      26
<PAGE>
 
          Following the Distribution, the Merger and the Bank Merger, the
     corporate structure of UST and its subsidiaries and Chase and its
     subsidiaries (as affected by the Merger and the Bank Merger) will be as
     follows:
 
- ---------------
 
* Expected to be less than 7% of the outstanding shares of Chase Common Stock.
 
                                      27
<PAGE>
 
                                THE COMPANIES
 
UST
 
     UST was incorporated in New York in 1977 and became a bank holding
company in 1978. USTNY, UST's principal subsidiary, was created as a trust
company by Special Act of the New York Legislature in 1853. UST, through USTNY
and its other subsidiaries, provides financial services to individuals and
institutions. UST conducts five principal businesses: asset management,
private banking, special fiduciary, corporate trust and securities processing.
The Chase Acquired Business will constitute all the assets and liabilities of
UST at the Effective Time. See "The Distribution". Immediately prior to the
Time of Distribution, the Core Businesses will be transferred to Spinco. At
the Time of Distribution, the Core Businesses, which will be held directly or
indirectly by Spinco, will include the assets and liabilities of, and certain
of the subsidiaries conducting, UST's asset management, private banking,
special fiduciary and corporate trust businesses. At September 30, 1994, UST
and its consolidated subsidiaries had total assets of approximately $4.0
billion, total deposits of approximately $2.4 billion and shareholders' equity
of approximately $239.6 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 1994,
the Chase Acquired Business accounted for approximately $113.9 million, or
37%, of UST's consolidated revenues. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Information Statement
attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
     The Chase Acquired Business is currently conducted by USTNY utilizing
certain of its assets and by MF Service Company and UST-WY, each of which is
engaged solely in the Processing Business. The Core Businesses, which includes
all subsidiaries of UST not engaged primarily in the Processing Business
(other than USTNY), will be transferred to Spinco (or subsidiaries of Spinco)
prior to the Distribution, and, accordingly, will not be acquired by Chase as
a consequence of the Merger.
 
     UST's principal executive office is located at 114 West 47th Street, New
York, New York 10036 and its telephone number at such office is (212)
852-1000.
 
Chase
 
     Chase is a bank holding company that was incorporated in Delaware in 1969
and whose principal subsidiary is CMB. In addition to CMB, Chase holds
investments in other subsidiaries that provide a variety of financial
services, including commercial and consumer financing, investment banking,
securities trading and investment advisory services. Chase's primary strategy
is that of a global bank with a diversified domestic base serving three
interrelated franchises: global financial services, domestic consumer products
and regional banking in the northeastern United States. Over the last few
years, Chase has focused its business and marketing efforts on two types of
customers -- retail (individuals and small and medium-sized businesses) and
wholesale (primarily large corporations and institutions). Chase's business
groups serving retail customers are National Consumer Product Companies,
Regional Banking and Global Private Banking; those serving wholesale customers
are Global Corporate Finance, Global Markets and Transaction and Information
Services. In addition to these core business groups, the Real Estate Finance
Sector manages Chase's loan portfolio related to the domestic commercial real
estate business and the LDC Portfolio Management group oversees Chase's
portfolio of cross-border extensions of credit to refinancing countries. At
September 30, 1994, Chase and its consolidated subsidiaries had total assets
of approximately $117.1 billion, total deposits of approximately $68.9 billion
and shareholders' equity of approximately $8.4 billion.
 
     Chase's ability to pay dividends on its preferred and common stock is
derived from several sources, including, among other sources, dividends from
its banking and nonbanking subsidiaries. The ability of Chase's banking
subsidiaries to pay dividends is subject to certain restrictions.
 
     National banks are subject to various legal limitations which prohibit
the payment of dividends in certain circumstances and restrict the amount that
may be paid without the prior approval of the OCC. Under the provisions of 12
U.S.C. 56, a national bank may not pay a dividend in an amount greater than
its undivided profits. In addition, under the provisions of 12 U.S.C. 60, the
approval of the OCC is required if the total of all dividends declared by a
national bank in any calendar year exceeds such bank's net income for that
year,
 
                                      28
<PAGE>
 
combined with its retained net income for the preceding two calendar years,
less any required transfers to surplus.
 
     At September 30, 1994, under the more restrictive of these limitations,
CMB could declare dividends during the remainder of 1994 of approximately $1.3
billion, combined with an additional amount equal to its net income from
September 30, 1994 up to the date of any dividend declaration. Under
applicable state and Federal laws, The Chase Manhattan Bank (USA) ("Chase
USA") and Chase Bank of Maryland ("Chase Maryland") could declare dividends
during the remainder of 1994 of approximately $1 billion and $6 million,
respectively, combined with an additional amount equal to their respective
retained net profits from September 30, 1994 up to the date of any dividend
declaration. The payment of dividends by bank holding companies and their
banking subsidiaries may also be limited by other factors, including
applicable regulatory capital guidelines and leverage limitations.
 
     Chase is a legal entity separate and distinct from CMB and Chase's other
subsidiaries. There are various legal limitations on the extent to which
banks, such as CMB, Chase USA and Chase Maryland, that are insured by the
FDIC, may finance or otherwise supply funds to certain of their affiliates. In
particular, each bank that is a subsidiary of Chase is subject to certain
restrictions on any extensions of credit to, or other covered transactions,
such as certain purchases of assets, with Chase or such affiliates. Such
restrictions prevent banking subsidiaries of Chase from lending to Chase and
their affiliates unless such extensions of credit are secured by collateral in
specified amounts and are made on terms and conditions that are substantially
the same as those prevailing for comparable transactions with non-affiliated
companies. Further, such covered transactions by any such bank are limited in
amount as to Chase or any such affiliate to 10 percent of such bank's capital
and surplus and as to Chase and all such affiliates in the aggregate to 20
percent of such bank's capital and surplus.
 
     Chase's principal executive office is located at 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza,
New York, New York 10081 and its telephone number at such office is (212)
552-2222.
 
     To obtain additional information concerning the respective businesses of
UST and Chase, including audited and unaudited financial information, see
"Available Information" and "Incorporation of Certain Information by
Reference". For a more detailed description of the businesses to be
transferred to Spinco, including audited and unaudited financial information,
see the Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
                                  THE MERGER
 
     This section of the Proxy Statement-Prospectus describes certain aspects
of the proposed Merger. To the extent that it relates to the Merger Agreement,
the following description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as
Appendix A to this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and is incorporated herein by
reference. As used in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus, the "Chase Acquired
Company To Be Merged" means UST, together with its subsidiaries, USTNY, MF
Service Company and UST-WY (and any subsidiaries of MF Service Company or
UST-WY), which collectively will own and conduct the Chase Acquired Business
at the Effective Time. All UST stockholders are urged to read the Merger
Agreement in its entirety.
 
Background of the Merger
 
     UST's management has regularly reviewed possible strategies and
transactions to enhance UST's competitiveness and to position its assets and
businesses in a manner that would increase the value of those assets and of
UST's business and operations, thereby increasing stockholder value. These
strategies included a possible acquisition and joint ventures, internal
restructurings, outsourcing of operational services and the divestiture of one
of its businesses. In December 1993, UST's management determined that UST
should examine the possibility of a divestiture of the Processing Business in
its entirety. The principal reasons for UST's determination to actively pursue
this strategic course of action was the conclusion that the securities
processing business would require significant allocations of capital and
financial resources on an ongoing basis
 
                                      29
<PAGE>
 
to remain competitive, while UST anticipated needs for additional capital and
financial resources to expand its more profitable growth opportunities in the
asset management, private banking, and corporate trust businesses over the
coming years. In addition, UST's management believed that, in light of the
size of its capital, the inherent operating risks in securities processing
businesses generally could, over time, threaten UST's reputation and franchise
in the Core Businesses.
 
     Accordingly, beginning in early 1994, UST explored with counsel and CS
First Boston possible structures for various transactions involving the sale
or other disposition of the Processing Business. During the early summer of
1994, members of UST's management had informal discussions with a large
financial institution regarding a possible asset swap involving the assets of
the Processing Business, but were unable to agree with such financial
institution on how to proceed with such a transaction. In August 1994, the UST
Board determined to continue to explore various strategic alternatives
regarding the Processing Business, and authorized CS First Boston to prepare
materials and contact companies on a preliminary basis to determine whether a
sale of the Processing Business or its assets to one of such companies was
possible at an appropriate price.
 
     CS First Boston contacted 10 companies, including Chase, on a
confidential basis. On August 17, 1994, after executing confidentiality
agreements, certain nonpublic information concerning the Processing Business
and the Related Back Office was provided to, and initial indications of
interest solicited from, all 10 of those companies. On September 6, 1994, UST
received indications of interest from six companies regarding the purchase of
the Processing Business (and, in some cases, the Related Back Office) on both
a taxable and non-taxable basis. Based on the indications of interest, UST
invited five of the six companies to perform a due diligence review of the
Processing Business and the Related Back Office. On October 18, 1994,
following completion of due diligence reviews by all five companies, UST
received formal bids for the purchase of the Processing Business and the
Related Back Office from three companies, including Chase, each of which
involved a tax-free transaction structure. On October 21, 1994, following
discussions with each of the three bidders regarding certain aspects of their
respective bids, UST received revised bids from Chase and one other bidder.
UST, in consultation with its legal and financial advisors, considered all
aspects of the revised bids, including the consideration offered, the proposed
transaction structure, the proposed treatment of UST employees (including
severance arrangements) and the proposed arrangements for providing back
office services to Spinco.
 
     Based primarily on the consideration offered by Chase, as well as the
other aspects of its bid, UST agreed to enter into exclusive negotiations with
Chase on October 21, 1994, and began immediately thereafter negotiating the
terms of a transaction.
 
     UST continued negotiations with Chase from October 21, 1994 through
November 17, 1994. These negotiations were conducted principally at a number
of meetings attended by representatives of UST and Chase and their respective
legal and/or financial advisors. Negotiations were also conducted
telephonically from time to time during such period. The negotiations focused
principally on the terms of the various documents relating to the Distribution
and the Merger, as well as the terms of a services agreement to be entered
into by Spinco and a subsidiary of Chase at the Effective Time pursuant to
which such subsidiary would provide Spinco with custody and other back office
services following the Merger.
 
     On October 24, 1994, in response to unusually high trading volume in its
stock, UST issued a press release announcing that it was engaged in
negotiations with a third party for the sale of its securities processing
business. On November 16, 1994, in response to an article in the American
Banker that incorrectly described the proposed transaction, UST issued a press
release reiterating its October 24 press release.
 
     On November 17, 1994, the parties reached substantial agreement on the
terms of the transaction. The UST Board considered the terms of the Merger
Agreement and the related documents at a meeting on the evening of November
17, 1994. At the November 17 meeting, CS First Boston made a presentation to
the UST Board regarding the transactions and delivered its fairness opinion.
See "-- Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the UST Board". Following
unanimous approval by the members of the UST Board present at the meeting to
consider the Distribution and the Merger, the Merger Agreement was entered
into early on the morning of November 18, 1994, and the proposed transaction
was publicly announced shortly thereafter.
 
                                      30
<PAGE>
 
UST's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UST Board
 
     The UST Board has unanimously determined the Merger to be in the best
interests of and fair to UST and its stockholders. The UST Board has approved
the Merger Agreement and unanimously recommends its authorization and adoption
by UST stockholders.
 
     In reaching this determination and recommendation, the UST Board
considered the following factors:
 
          (a) the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including (i)
     the amount and form of the consideration, (ii) the terms for determining
     the amount of Chase Common Stock to be received in connection with the
     Merger by UST stockholders and (iii) the degree of flexibility provided
     to UST to conduct the businesses to be transferred to Spinco prior to the
     Effective Time;
 
          (b) the existing conditions in, and future prospects of, the
     Processing Business and in particular the ongoing capital and financial
     requirements of UST's securities processing business and the existing
     position of UST as an independent competitor in that industry;
 
          (c) the scale required to maintain or improve margins in securities
     processing businesses generally, the growth prospects of UST with and
     without the Processing Business, UST's lack of an in-house global custody
     capability and other related revenue producing services that could
     improve the profitability of the Processing Business, and the potential
     for damaging the reputation of UST and its overall franchise business
     resulting from the relative difficulty faced by smaller institutions in
     managing the inherent operating risks in securities processing businesses
     generally;
 
          (d) the fact that the Distribution will allow UST stockholders to
     retain a continuing interest in UST's asset management, private banking,
     special fiduciary and corporate trust businesses through their ownership
     interest in Spinco following the Merger;
 
          (e) historical data relating to market prices and trading volumes of
     and dividends on UST Common Stock, historical data relating to market
     prices and trading volumes of and dividends on Chase Common Stock, market
     prices of Chase Common Stock compared to those of certain other publicly
     traded companies and Chase's credit ratings;
 
          (f) the regulatory approvals and private letter ruling required for
     the Merger, as well as the risks, uncertainties and possible delays
     associated with such regulatory approvals and private letter ruling, and
     the estimated length of time required to consummate the Merger;
 
          (g) the fact that CS First Boston had solicited 10 companies for the
     sale of UST's securities processing business, and that Chase's proposal,
     which resulted in the execution of the Merger Agreement, was, in the view
     of the UST Board, the most favorable proposal received by UST;
 
          (h) the structure of the Merger and the Distribution, which would
     permit UST stockholders to exchange their UST Common Stock for Chase
     Common Stock and to receive shares of Spinco Common Stock, in each case
     on a tax-free basis;
 
          (i) Chase's willingness to hire approximately 1,120 UST employees,
     thereby limiting the number of UST employees whose employment will be
     terminated as a result of the transaction;
 
          (j) the terms of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, including the
     indemnification provisions, the minimum capital requirement and the
     noncompetition provisions relating to Spinco (see "The Distribution --
     Terms of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement");
 
          (k) the terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement to be entered into
     prior to the Distribution between Chase, UST and Spinco (the "Tax
     Allocation Agreement") (see "The Distribution -- Terms of the Tax
     Allocation Agreement");
 
          (l) Chase's ability to provide quality back office services for
     Spinco and its subsidiaries following the Merger;
 
                                      31
<PAGE>
 
          (m) the terms of the Services Agreement, including the annual base
     fee and the renewal option; and
 
          (n) the presentation of CS First Boston delivered to the UST Board
     at its meeting on November 17, 1994, including its written opinion dated
     November 17, 1994, as updated on the date of this Proxy
     Statement-Prospectus, that, as of each such date, the consideration to be
     received by UST stockholders in connection with the Merger, which was
     determined by arm's-length negotiations between UST and Chase, is fair to
     such stockholders from a financial point of view.
 
     The UST Board believes that the factors in paragraphs (b), (c), (d), (f),
(i), (l) and (m) support its determination that the Merger is in the best
interests of UST and its stockholders. In particular, the UST Board believes
that the factors described in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) support this
determination because the Merger (together with the Distribution) allows UST
stockholders to sell the Processing Business to Chase while maintaining their
equity interests in the Core Businesses. The UST Board also believes that the
factors described in paragraphs (l) and (m) support this determination because
the UST Board believes Chase will provide quality back office services for
Spinco at a cost substantially below the cost that would be required for
Spinco to provide such services to itself.
 
     The UST Board considered the factors in paragraphs (a), (e), (g), (h),
(j), (k) and (n) above in reaching its determination that the consideration to
be received in the Merger by UST stockholders is fair. In particular, the UST
Board believes the terms of the transactions and the amount and form of
consideration to be received in the Merger, taking into account the historical
data described in paragraph (e), allow UST stockholders to receive a fair
price for the Processing Business, and that such belief is supported by CS
First Boston's solicitation process described in paragraph (g) and CS First
Boston's fairness opinion described in paragraph (n).
 
     Based on all of these considerations, and such other matters as the
members of the UST Board deemed relevant, the members of the UST Board present
at the meeting at which the Merger was considered unanimously approved the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
     The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered and
given weight by the UST Board is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed
to include all material factors considered by the UST Board. In addition, in
reaching the determination to approve, and to recommend approval and
authorization of, the Distribution and the Merger, the UST Board did not
assign any relative or specific weights to the foregoing factors which were
considered, and individual directors may have given different weights to
different factors. The members of the UST Board present at the meeting at
which the Distribution and the Merger were considered were, however, unanimous
in their recommendation to the holders of UST Common Stock that the
Distribution be approved and that the Merger Agreement be authorized and
adopted.
 
     THE UST BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT UST STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE
DISTRIBUTION AND AUTHORIZATION AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
 
Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the UST Board
 
     UST retained CS First Boston to act as financial advisor in connection
with the Merger and related matters based upon its qualifications, expertise,
and reputation, as well as CS First Boston's prior investment banking
relationship and familiarity with UST. CS First Boston is an internationally
recognized investment banking firm regularly engaged in the valuation of
businesses (including banks and financial institutions) and their securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for corporate and
other purposes.
 
     On November 17, 1994, at the meeting at which the UST Board approved the
Merger Agreement, and as of the date of this Proxy Statement-Prospectus, CS
First Boston delivered opinions to the UST Board to the effect that, as of
such dates, the consideration to be received by UST stockholders pursuant to
the Merger,
 
                                      32
<PAGE>
 
which was determined by arm's-length negotiations between UST and Chase, was
fair to such stockholders from a financial point of view.
 
     THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION DATED AS OF THE DATE OF THIS PROXY
STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS, WHICH SETS FORTH CERTAIN ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS
CONSIDERED, AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS ATTACHED HERETO AS
APPENDIX F AND SHOULD BE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PROXY
STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS. THE SUMMARY OF THE OPINIONS OF CS FIRST BOSTON SET FORTH
IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE
TO THE OPINION ATTACHED HERETO AS APPENDIX F. THE NOVEMBER 17, 1994 OPINION IS
SUBSTANTIALLY IDENTICAL TO THE OPINION ATTACHED HERETO.
 
     In rendering its opinions, CS First Boston (a) reviewed certain publicly
available financial information relating to UST and Chase, (b) reviewed
certain other information, including financial forecasts, provided to it by
management of UST, and met with the management of UST to discuss the Chase
Acquired Business, (c) considered the financial terms of certain transactions
in the processing industry, (d) reviewed publicly available financial and
stock market data for companies providing data processing services and (e)
considered such other information, financial studies, analyses, and
investigations, and financial, economic, and market criteria that it deemed
relevant.
 
     CS First Boston, in conducting its analyses and in arriving at its
opinions, did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of
any of the information considered and relied on the completeness and accuracy
of such information in all material respects. With respect to the financial
forecasts, UST management advised CS First Boston, and CS First Boston assumed
without independent verification, that such financial forecasts were
reasonably prepared, reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of UST management as to the future financial performance of the
Chase Acquired Business (and the assumptions and bases therefor). CS First
Boston did not assume any responsibility for conducting, nor did it conduct, a
physical inspection, evaluation or appraisal of any of the properties or
assets of UST and did not make or obtain any such inspection, evaluation or
appraisal. The opinions of CS First Boston are necessarily based on economic,
market, and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to CS First Boston as of, the dates of its analyses. CS First Boston
did not express and is not expressing any opinion as to what the value of the
Chase Common Stock or Spinco Common Stock will be when issued to the UST
stockholders in connection with the Merger or the Distribution, or the prices
at which such stock will trade subsequent to such issuance. CS First Boston
assumed, with the consent of UST, that the Merger and the Distribution will be
treated as tax-free transactions.
 
     The following is a brief summary of the analyses performed by CS First
Boston in connection with rendering its opinion dated November 17, 1994:
 
          Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  CS First Boston performed a
     discounted cash flow analysis using financial forecasts furnished by UST
     management, and based on a number of assumptions including, among other
     things, discount rates ranging from 12.0% to 14.0%, and terminal value to
     earnings multiples ranging from 8x to 10x applied to 1999 forecasted
     earnings, with implied perpetual dividend growth ranging from 0.0% to
     4.0%, all of which were selected by CS First Boston based on its
     experience in performing such analysis. This analysis showed values
     ranging from $235 million to $290 million, compared to an assumed value
     for the Merger of $363.5 million. The analysis did not reflect any
     potential cost savings, including the elimination of overhead allocated
     by UST to the Chase Acquired Business. This analysis did not purport to
     be indicative of actual or expected values of the Chase Acquired Business
     before or after the Merger.
 
          Comparable Transaction Analysis.  CS First Boston analyzed certain
     financial aspects of certain transactions for which data was available
     since 1990. These transactions involved companies engaged in the
     financial services data processing business. Data processing services
     comprise only a limited component of the Chase Acquired Business. CS
     First Boston compared the enterprise value of the businesses sold as a
     multiple of last-twelve-month ("LTM") revenues and earnings before income
     tax
 
                                      33
<PAGE>
 
     ("EBIT") and the equity value of the businesses sold as a multiple of LTM
     net income. For the Merger, CS First Boston assumed an enterprise value
     and an equity value of $363.5 million, and used estimated 1994 revenues,
     EBIT and net income (each as provided by UST management) for the Chase
     Acquired Business. Averages excluded certain outlying multiples. The
     multiples of enterprise value to LTM revenues ranged from 0.8x to 1.9x
     and averaged 1.4x (compared to a multiple of 2.3x for the Merger). The
     multiples of enterprise value to LTM EBIT ranged from 10.2x to 17.7x and
     averaged 14.1x (compared to a multiple of 9.3x for the Merger). The
     multiples of equity value to LTM net income ranged from 16.6x to 24.3x
     and averaged 21.5x (compared to 16.3x for the Merger). In its
     presentation to the UST Board, CS First Boston indicated that while this
     analysis is a customary valuation methodology, because of dissimilarities
     between the companies involved and the Chase Acquired Business, CS First
     Boston gave less weight to this methodology in arriving at its opinions.
 
          Comparable Company Analysis.  In performing comparable company
     analysis, CS First Boston analyzed financial information and ratios of
     the following processing companies: First Financial Management Corp,
     First Data Corp., SPS Transaction Services, National Data Corp., Equifax,
     Inc., Fiser Inc. and Total Systems Services, Inc. (using data as of June
     30, 1994, except for per-share amounts). Among the financial information
     compared was information relating to operating margins, net margins,
     return on average common equity, return on average total capital and
     market value as a multiple of LTM earnings per share, of book value and
     of earnings per share estimates. Earnings per share estimates were based
     on First Call estimates and longer-term growth estimates were based on
     Institutional Brokers Estimate System ("IBES") estimates. First Call and
     IBES are third-party data services that monitor and publish estimates
     produced by selected research analysts regarding companies of interest to
     investors. CS First Boston concluded that the comparison of the Chase
     Acquired Business to these companies was not meaningful because of
     variances in projected revenue and earnings growth rates and
     dissimilarity between the businesses conducted, based on, among other
     things, differences between each of the companies' asset and business
     mix, financial position, operations and markets.
 
     In arriving at its opinions, CS First Boston performed certain financial
analyses, the material portions of which are summarized above. CS First Boston
believes that these analyses and the summary set forth above must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses could create
an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinions. Moreover, the
summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses performed by CS First Boston. CS First Boston's opinions are
addressed solely to the UST Board and should not be viewed as a recommendation
as how any UST stockholders should vote. The analyses performed by CS First
Boston are not necessarily indicative of actual values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses.
Additionally, analyses relating to the values of businesses do not purport to
be appraisals or to reflect actual market valuations or trading ranges, which
may vary significantly from amounts set forth above. Actual trading values
will depend on several factors, including events affecting the sectors of the
processing industry in which UST competes, general economic, market and
interest rate conditions, and other factors that generally influence the price
of securities. With respect to the comparable company analysis and comparable
transaction analysis summarized above, no company utilized as a comparison is
identical to UST or the Chase Acquired Business and such analyses necessarily
involve complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics of the companies and other factors
that could affect the acquisition or trading values of the companies analyzed.
In performing its analyses, CS First Boston made numerous assumptions
regarding industry performance, general business, and economic conditions, and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of UST. The fact that any
specific analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not meant to
indicate that such analysis was given more weight than any other analyses. CS
First Boston's opinion was only one of many factors taken into consideration
by the UST Board.
 
     In connection with its opinion dated as of the date of this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, CS First Boston confirmed the appropriateness of its
reliance on the analyses used to render its November 17, 1994, opinion by
performing procedures to update certain of such analyses and by reviewing the
assumptions on which such analyses were based and the factors considered in
connection therewith.
 
                                      34
<PAGE>
 
     UST and CS First Boston have entered into an agreement relating to the
services to be provided by CS First Boston in connection with the Merger. UST
has agreed to pay CS First Boston fees as follows: (a) a fee of one percent of
the aggregate consideration paid for the Chase Acquired Business plus (b) an
additional advisory fee of $250,000 for future services. In the event the
Merger is not completed as proposed but UST consummates a restructuring or
spin-off, a fee of $500,000 will be payable, in lieu of the fee described in
clause (a) above. UST has also agreed to reimburse CS First Boston for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify CS First Boston and its
affiliates and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents, and controlling persons against certain expenses and liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws.
 
     In addition to the financial advisory services referred to above, CS
First Boston acted as financial advisor to UST in connection with various
acquisition and divestiture assignments and in connection with the placement
of debt securities, for all of which CS First Boston has received customary
compensation. CS First Boston has also provided certain investment banking
services to Chase for which CS First Boston has received customary
compensation.
 
Chase's Reasons for the Merger
 
     Chase seeks to acquire the Chase Acquired Business to strengthen and
expand its existing transaction and information services business. Chase
currently provides domestic and global custody, cash management, payments,
trade services, trust, and other fiduciary services to corporate and
institutional clients throughout the United States and around the world
through its Chase InfoServ International ("InfoServ") unit. InfoServ's Global
Securities Services ("GSS") unit is a leading provider of domestic and global
custody services, with estimated assets under custody of approximately $1.3
trillion as of the third quarter of 1994. GSS serves the requirements of
global institutional investors, including pension funds, public retirement
funds, endowments and foundations for custodial, trust, settlement,
safekeeping, portfolio reporting, performance evaluation and investment fund
services.
 
     While Chase is already a significant provider of securities processing
services, having particular strength in global custody, the acquisition of the
Chase Acquired Business will allow GSS to expand its presence in certain
areas, including mutual fund accounting, administration, and mutual fund
transfer agency services. Chase expects that by increasing GSS's volume,
expanding its product range and reducing average costs, the Merger will
enhance the ability of GSS and other Chase units to provide custody and other
securities processing services to clients throughout the world.
 
Terms of the Merger
 
     The Merger
 
     At the Effective Time, UST and Chase will consummate the Merger in which
UST will be merged with and into Chase. Chase will be the Surviving
Corporation in the Merger, and the separate existence of UST will cease.
 
     Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that the restated certificate of
incorporation of Chase (the "Chase Certificate of Incorporation") at the
Effective Time will be the restated certificate of incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended in accordance with
applicable law. The bylaws of Chase (the "Chase Bylaws") in effect at the
Effective Time will be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended in accordance with applicable law.
 
     Directors and Officers
 
     The directors of Chase at the Effective Time will be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation, each to hold office until the earlier of his or her
resignation or removal or until his or her successor is duly elected and
qualified. The officers of Chase at the Effective Time will be the officers of
the Surviving Corporation, each to
 
                                      35
<PAGE>
 
hold office until the earlier of his or her resignation or removal or until
his or her successor is duly appointed and qualified. The current executive
officers of UST will not be employed by the Surviving Corporation following
the Merger.
 
     Conversion of UST Common Stock in the Merger
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each issued and
outstanding share of UST Common Stock (other than any shares of UST Common
Stock owned by Chase or any wholly owned subsidiary of Chase or UST (other
than in a fiduciary, custodial or similar capacity) and any shares of UST
Common Stock owned by Dissenting Holders) will be converted into the right to
receive the Conversion Number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Chase
Common Stock. The Conversion Number will be equal to the fraction of (a)
$363,500,000, divided by (b) the product of (i) the greater of (A) the Average
Value of Chase Common Stock and (B) $31.00, multiplied by (ii) the number of
shares of UST Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time. The term "Average Value of Chase Common Stock" means the 10-day average
of the daily average of the high and low sale prices for Chase Common Stock
reported on the NYSE Tape. If the Average Value of Chase Common Stock is
$31.00 or less per share, then the aggregate number of shares of Chase Common
Stock to be issued in the Merger will be fixed at 11,725,806. Moreover, if the
market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date is less than the
greater of the Average Value of Chase Common Stock and $31.00, then the value
on the Closing Date of the aggregate consideration received by UST
stockholders in the Merger will be less than $363,500,000. The number of
shares of Chase Common Stock to be issued in the Merger will be determined as
of the Closing Date, which date will be after the date of the Special Meeting.
 
     For example, if the Average Value of Chase Common Stock were $34.875, the
Conversion Number (assuming 9,622,000 shares of UST Common Stock were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time) would be 1.083 shares of
Chase Common Stock per share of UST Common Stock. If the Average Value of
Chase Common Stock were $31.00 or less, the Conversion Number (assuming
9,622,000 shares of UST Common Stock were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time) would be 1.219 shares of Chase Common Stock per share of UST
Common Stock.
 
     So long as the Average Value of Chase Common Stock is equal to or greater
than $31.00, if the market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date is
equal to such Average Value of Chase Common Stock, the value received by UST
stockholders in the Merger will be $37.78 per share of UST Common Stock
(assuming 9,622,000 shares of UST Common Stock are outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time). If the Average Value of Chase Common Stock is
less than $31.00, UST stockholders will receive 1.219 shares of Chase Common
Stock per share of UST Common Stock. The actual value on the Closing Date of
the Chase Common Stock received by UST stockholders will be equal to (i) the
number of shares of Chase Common Stock issued in the Merger multiplied by (ii)
the market value of Chase Common Stock on the Closing Date.
 
     Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, UST does not have the right to
decline to consummate the Merger solely because the Average Value of Chase
Common Stock or the market value of Chase Common Stock immediately prior to
the Effective Time is substantially less than $31.00. Therefore, if the Merger
is authorized and all other conditions to the Merger are satisfied or waived
on or prior to the Effective Time, UST stockholders will assume the risk of a
decline in Chase Common Stock below $31.00 per share from and after the date
of the Special Meeting. See "The Merger -- Conditions -- Conditions of
Obligations of UST".
 
     As of the Record Date, 9,489,309 shares of UST Common Stock were
outstanding. The number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding at the
Effective Time is subject to change as a result of the exercise of stock
options and the issuance of shares of UST Common Stock, if any, in connection
with any acquisitions completed by UST prior to the Closing Date. UST has no
present plan to make any acquisitions in which UST Common Stock would be
issued. See "The Merger -- Conduct of Business Prior to the Effective Time".
Neither UST nor Chase intends to acquire any shares of UST Common Stock prior
to the Effective Time.
 
                                      36
<PAGE>
 
     Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares
 
     No fractional shares of Chase Common Stock will be issued in the Merger.
The Merger Agreement provides that each UST stockholder who otherwise would
have been entitled to receive a fractional share of Chase Common Stock will be
entitled to receive, in lieu thereof, an amount in cash equal to such fraction
multiplied by the average of the high and low sale prices for Chase Common
Stock on the business day immediately preceding the Closing Date, as reported
on the NYSE Tape.
 
Effective Time; Closing
 
     The Merger will become effective and the Effective Time will occur
immediately following the Distribution, upon the filing of a certificate of
merger (the "Certificate of Merger") by the Department of State of New York
and with the Secretary of State of Delaware or at such time thereafter as is
provided in the Certificate of Merger. The Merger Agreement provides that the
closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place on the first business
day after the end of the first month ending (i) after April 15, 1995, and (ii)
more than two business days after satisfaction of the conditions to the Merger
Agreement, unless another date is agreed to in writing by UST and Chase. See
"-- Conditions".
 
Exchange of Certificates in the Merger
 
     As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Chase will cause the
Exchange Agent (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to mail to each holder of
record of a certificate or certificates before the Effective Time representing
outstanding shares of UST Common Stock (the "Certificates") (i) a Letter of
Instruction for use in effecting the surrender of Certificates in exchange for
certificates representing shares of Chase Common Stock and (ii) a form of
letter of transmittal to accompany Certificates transmitted to the Exchange
Agent. UST STOCKHOLDERS ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SURRENDER THEIR CERTIFICATES FOR
EXCHANGE UNTIL SUCH LETTER OF INSTRUCTION IS RECEIVED. Until surrendered, each
Certificate will be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent
only the right to receive a certificate representing that number of whole
shares of Chase Common Stock into which the shares of UST Common Stock
formerly represented by such Certificate were converted in the Merger and a
cash payment in lieu of any fractional shares of Chase Common Stock. The
holders of Certificates will not be entitled to receive dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to Chase
Common Stock until such Certificates are surrendered and no cash payment with
respect to fractional shares will be paid to any such holder until such
surrender. There will be paid to the record holder of the Chase Common Stock
issued in exchange for each Certificate, without interest, (i) at the time of
such surrender, the amount of cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of
Chase Common Stock to which such holder is entitled and the amount of
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
theretofore previously paid with respect to such whole shares of Chase Common
Stock and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or
other distributions payable with respect to such whole shares of Chase Common
Stock with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to such surrender.
 
Representations and Warranties
 
     The Merger Agreement contains various representations and warranties of
the parties thereto. The Merger Agreement includes representations and
warranties by UST as to: the corporate organization of UST and its
subsidiaries and the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged; the capitalization
of UST; the authorization of the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement,
the Contribution Agreement, the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax
Allocation Agreement (the Distribution Agreement, the Contribution Agreement,
the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation Agreement are
referred to herein collectively as, the "Distribution Documents"); required
consents and approvals; the noncontravention of any agreement, law or charter
or bylaw provision by the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the
other Distribution Documents and the consummation by UST of the transactions
contemplated thereby; the absence of the need, except as specified in the
Merger Agreement, for governmental consents to the Merger to be obtained by
UST or any of its subsidiaries; the accuracy of UST's reports and financial
statements filed with the Commission and the accuracy of information supplied
by UST for use in
 
                                      37
<PAGE>
 
this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and the Information Statement attached as
Appendix H hereto; the absence of certain changes or events having a material
adverse effect on the Chase Acquired Business; pending or threatened
litigation against UST; absence of certain agreements with bank regulators;
compliance by the Chase Acquired Business with applicable laws; obligations to
brokers and finders; the assets, liabilities and customer agreements of the
Chase Acquired Business; the absence of undisclosed liabilities of, and of
material adverse changes or events relating to, the Chase Acquired Business;
the absence of certain changes to, and the terms, existence, operations,
liabilities and compliance with applicable laws of, UST's employee benefit
plans; the lack of labor controversies relating to UST; the non-applicability
of Section 912 of the NYBCL to the Merger Agreement, the Distribution
Agreement, and the other Distribution Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby; the fact that the Merger Agreement and the Distribution
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby will not result in Chase
becoming an "Acquiring Person" or in a "Triggering Event" or "Distribution
Date" occurring under the UST Rights Plan (as defined in "Conduct of the
Business prior to the Effective Time; Certain Covenants -- UST Rights Plan");
the rights of the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged in certain intellectual
property; certain tax matters; the preparation and accuracy of the Chase
Acquired Business balance sheets; the books of account of the Chase Acquired
Business; the filing by UST and its subsidiaries of all necessary government
reports; the condition, title and adequacy of certain properties held by the
Chase Acquired Business; the condition of accounts of UST's investment company
customers and the compliance by UST with governmental filing requirements
applicable to investment company customers; certain information relating to
customers of the Chase Acquired Business; certain matters relating to unit
investment trusts; and certain internal control standards maintained by the
Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged.
 
     The Merger Agreement also includes representations and warranties by
Chase as to: the corporate organization of Chase; the capitalization of Chase;
the authorization of the Merger Agreement; required consents and approvals;
the noncontravention of any agreement, law or charter or bylaw provision by
the Merger Agreement and the consummation by Chase of the transactions
contemplated thereby; the absence of the need, except as specified in the
Merger Agreement, for governmental consents to the Merger to be obtained by
Chase; the accuracy of Chase's reports and financial statements filed with the
Commission; the accuracy of information supplied by Chase for use in this
Proxy Statement-Prospectus and the Information Statement attached as Appendix
H hereto; the absence of certain changes or events having a material adverse
effect on Chase; pending or threatened litigation against Chase; absence of
certain agreements with bank regulators; compliance by Chase with applicable
laws; the absence of receipt of any governmental notification preventing
consummation of the Merger; the absence of a requirement for approval of the
Merger by Chase stockholders; and obligations to brokers and finders.
 
Conduct of Business Prior to the Effective Time; Certain Covenants
 
     Covenants of UST
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement UST has agreed that, during the period
from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time, except for the
Distribution and the other transactions expressly provided for in the
Distribution Agreement and the Contribution Agreement, and except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by the Merger Agreement or consented to by Chase in
writing:
 
          (a) UST and its subsidiaries will each carry on the Chase Acquired
     Business in the usual, regular and ordinary course consistent with past
     practice and use its reasonable efforts to preserve intact the present
     business organization, keep available, consistent with past practice, the
     services of prospective employees of the Chase Acquired Business
     following the Merger and preserve the relationships with customers,
     suppliers and others having business dealings with the Chase Acquired
     Business.
 
          (b) Subject to certain specified exceptions, UST will not, nor will
     it permit any subsidiaries of the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged to,
     nor will UST propose to, (i) split, combine or reclassify any of its
     capital stock or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other
     securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
     capital stock (other than phantom share units required to be issued under
     any of UST's benefit plans) or (ii) other than in connection with the
     exercise of stock options
 
                                      38
<PAGE>
 
     outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement under any of UST's
     benefit plans, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any
     subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any shares of
     capital stock of UST or any of its subsidiaries.
 
          (c) Subject to certain specified exceptions, the Chase Acquired
     Company To Be Merged will not issue, transfer or sell, or authorize or
     propose or agree to the issuance, transfer or sale by any of its
     subsidiaries of, any shares of its capital stock of any class or other
     equity interests or any securities convertible into, or any rights,
     warrants, calls, subscriptions, options or other rights or agreements,
     commitments or understandings to acquire, any such shares equity
     interests or convertible securities.
 
          (d) UST will not, nor will it permit any subsidiaries of the Chase
     Acquired Company To Be Merged to, amend or propose to amend its
     Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws.
 
          (e) The Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged will not (i) acquire or
     agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a
     substantial equity interest in or substantial portion of the assets of,
     or by any other manner, any business or any corporation or other business
     organization that would be directly or indirectly acquired by Chase in
     the Merger, (ii) consummate any acquisition within three business days
     before or one business day after the Closing Date, or (iii) make any
     other investment in any person that would be directly or indirectly
     acquired by Chase in the Merger except for investments by the Chase
     Acquired Company To Be Merged in its existing wholly owned subsidiaries
     and investments made in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practices in an aggregate amount not exceeding $250,000.
 
          (f) The Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged will not sell, lease or
     otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of,
     any of the assets of the Chase Acquired Business other than in the
     ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and the sale or
     other disposition of obsolete equipment.
 
          (g) Subject to certain specified exceptions (including indebtedness
     to be assumed by Spinco) the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged will not
     incur (which will not be deemed to include (i) certain refinancing
     transactions or (ii) deposits accepted in the ordinary course of
     business) any indebtedness for borrowed money or any obligation evidenced
     by a promissory note or other instrument or guarantee any such
     indebtedness or obligation or issue or sell any debt securities or
     warrants or rights to acquire any debt securities of the Chase Acquired
     Company To Be Merged or any of its subsidiaries or guarantee any
     obligations of others.
 
          (h) Except as otherwise provided in or contemplated by the Merger
     Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or the Contribution Agreement, and
     subject to certain specified exceptions, UST will not, nor will it permit
     any of its subsidiaries to (i) adopt any benefit plan or amend any
     benefit plan other than a Retained Plan (as defined under "Effect of
     Transactions on UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans" below) to the extent
     such adoption or amendment (x) would create or increase any liability or
     obligation on the part of UST or any of its subsidiaries that will not
     either (A) be fully performed or satisfied prior to the Effective Time or
     (B) be assumed by Spinco or New Trustco pursuant to the Contribution
     Agreement or the Distribution Agreement, or (y) would increase the number
     of shares of UST Common Stock (if any) to be issued under such benefit
     plan or (ii) amend any Retained Plan in any manner that would increase
     the liabilities or obligations of UST or any of its subsidiaries under
     such Retained Plan or would increase the number of shares of UST Common
     Stock to be issued under such Retained Plan; or (iii) except for normal
     increases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice, increase the base salary of any prospective employee of the
     Chase Acquired Business.
 
          (i) Notwithstanding the fact that such action might otherwise be
     permitted under the Merger Agreement, the Chase Acquired Company To Be
     Merged will not take any action that would or is reasonably likely to
     result in any of the conditions to the Merger not being satisfied or
     would materially impair the ability of UST to consummate the Distribution
     or the Merger or USTNY to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
     Contribution Agreement in accordance with the respective terms thereof or
     materially delay such consummation.
 
                                      39
<PAGE>
          (j) UST will promptly advise Chase orally and in writing of any
     change or development or combination of changes or developments that
     would cause its representation regarding agreements with bank regulators
     to be untrue. UST will, subject to certain exceptions, promptly provide
     Chase (or its counsel) copies of all filings made by UST or any of its
     subsidiaries with any Federal, state or foreign governmental entity in
     connection with the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the
     Contribution Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
          (k) The Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged will not change any of
     its accounting principles, policies or procedures, except such changes as
     may be required by generally accepted accounting principles.
 
          (l) UST will (i) furnish all information required in connection with
     approvals of or filings with bank regulators and other governmental
     entities in order to organize Spinco as a bank holding company and New
     Trustco as a bank and trust company, (ii) not engage in or allow
     transfers of assets or liabilities or engage or enter into other
     transactions between the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged, on the one
     hand, and Spinco and its subsidiaries, on the other hand, except as
     contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the
     Contribution Agreement and the agreements referred to therein, and (iii)
     not terminate or amend, or waive compliance with any obligations under,
     the Distribution Agreement, the Contribution Agreement or any of the
     agreements referred to therein.
 
          (m) UST will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to,
     create certain liens relating to the Processing Business.
 
          (n) The Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged will not (i) enter into
     other than in the ordinary course of business, any material contract
     relating to the Acquired Contribution Assets or Assumed Contribution
     Liabilities (each as defined under "-- Terms of the Contribution
     Agreement" below) that cannot be assigned, free of liability to the Chase
     Acquired Company To Be Merged, to Spinco or one of its subsidiaries in
     connection with the transactions contemplated in the Distribution
     Agreement and Contribution Agreement; or (ii) enter into, terminate, or
     modify in any material respect certain material contracts or certain
     customer agreements other than in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice and, in the case of such customer
     agreements, without consultation with Chase. In addition, UST will notify
     Chase in writing at least 30 days before making, or in any way becoming
     committed to make, any capital expenditure, or series of related capital
     expenditures relating to the Chase Acquired Business in excess of
     $50,000.
 
     UST has also agreed that, during the period from the date of the Merger
Agreement and continuing to the Effective Time, as to itself and its
subsidiaries, except as Chase shall otherwise agree in writing or as provided
in the Merger Agreement and the Distribution Documents:
 
          (a) UST will not and will not permit its subsidiaries to make
     certain changes in the lines of business engaged in by (i) the Chase
     Acquired Company To be Merged or any of its subsidiaries as of the date
     of the Merger Agreement or (ii) UST and any of its subsidiaries as of the
     date of the Merger Agreement.
 
          (b) UST will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to,
     take any action, including, without limitation, with respect to the terms
     of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Spinco, that would or is
     reasonably likely to result in any of the conditions to the Merger not
     being satisfied or that would materially impair the ability of UST to
     consummate the Distribution in accordance with the terms of the
     Distribution Agreement or the Merger in accordance with the terms of the
     Merger Agreement or would materially delay such consummation or that
     would disqualify the Distribution as a tax-free spin-off within the
     meaning of Section 355 of the Code.
 
          (c) UST will, or will cause its subsidiaries to, redeem or effect an
     in substance defeasance of the 8 1/2% Capital Notes due 2001 (the
     "Capital Notes") of USTNY and the 8% Notes due 1996 of UST.
 
                                      40
<PAGE>
 
          (d) UST will furnish to Chase certain periodic financial information
     budgets, accountants' reports, benefit plan information and ERISA
     information.
 
          (e) UST will cause Spinco and New Trustco to execute and deliver the
     Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Services Agreement on the
     Closing Date.
 
     Covenants of Chase
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Chase has agreed that, during the
period from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time:
 
          (a) Chase will not take any action that would or is reasonably
     likely to result in any of the conditions to the Merger not being
     satisfied or that would materially impair the ability of Chase to
     consummate the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger
     Agreement or materially delay such consummation and Chase will, subject
     to certain exceptions, promptly provide UST (or its counsel) copies of
     all filings made by Chase with any Federal, state or foreign governmental
     entity in connection with the Merger Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated thereby.
 
          (b) Chase will not split, combine or reclassify any of the Chase
     Common Stock or authorize the (i) making of any in-kind distribution or
     extraordinary cash dividend with respect to the Chase Common Stock, or
     (ii) issuance of any other securities in respect of or in exchange for
     shares of the Chase Common Stock, provided the foregoing will not
     prohibit the issuance of securities of Chase securities convertible into
     Chase Common Stock.
 
          (c) Chase will not, and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to,
     take or cause or permit to be taken, any action that would disqualify the
     Distribution as a tax-free spin-off within the meaning of Section 355 of
     the Code.
 
          (d) Notwithstanding the fact that such action might otherwise be
     permitted by the Merger Agreement, Chase will not, nor will it permit any
     of its subsidiaries to, take any action that would or could reasonably be
     expected to result in the failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the
     Merger, would materially impair the ability of Chase to consummate the
     Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement or materially
     delay such consummation.
 
          (e) Chase will execute and deliver the Post Closing Covenants
     Agreement and will cause CMB to execute and deliver the Services
     Agreement on the Closing Date.
 
     Covenants of UST and Chase
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that, during the period from the date of
the Merger Agreement and continuing until the Effective Time:
 
          (a) UST and Chase will not, and will not permit any of their
     respective subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or that could
     reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any of the representations and
     warranties of such party set forth in the Merger Agreement that are
     qualified as to materiality becoming untrue, (ii) any of such
     representations and warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue
     in any material respect, or (iii) the failure to satisfy any of the
     conditions to the Merger.
 
          (b) UST and Chase will promptly advise the other party orally and in
     writing of any change or event having, or which, insofar as can
     reasonably be foreseen, would have, a material adverse effect on such
     party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
 
          (c) For purposes of certain tax opinions to be delivered pursuant to
     the Merger Agreement, each of Chase and UST will deliver to O'Melveny &
     Myers, counsel to Chase, and to Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel to UST,
     representation letters substantially in the form of the respective
     letters provided for by the Merger Agreement, dated as of the Closing
     Date.
 
          (d) Chase and UST will negotiate and within 60 days after the date
     of the Merger Agreement agree on a definitive form of the Services
     Agreement substantially in accordance with the terms of the Services
 
                                      41
<PAGE>
 
     Agreement Term Sheet entered into by UST and Chase in connection with the
     execution of the Merger Agreement (the "Services Agreement Term Sheet").
     UST and Chase agreed on January 18, 1995, to extend the date for
     agreement on a definitive form of Services Agreement to February 28,
     1995.
 
          (e) Chase and UST will each use reasonable efforts to negotiate and
     to agree upon, and to cause CMB and USTNY to agree upon, and to execute
     and deliver, an agreement providing for the Bank Merger under 12 U.S.C.
     215a and applicable law (the "CMB Bank Merger Agreement"), provided,
     however, that the CMB Bank Merger Agreement will provide that
     consummation of the Bank Merger is conditioned on occurrence of the
     Merger and that USTNY and its affiliates will incur no additional
     liability or expense in connection therewith.
 
     UST Rights Plan
 
     In connection with and prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement,
UST amended its Rights Agreement, dated as of January 26, 1988, as amended
(the "UST Rights Agreement"), between UST and First Chicago Trust Company of
New York, as Rights Agent, to provide, among other things, that neither Chase
nor any of its affiliates or associates will be deemed to be an "Acquiring
Person" (as defined in the UST Rights Agreement) and no "Distribution Date" or
"Triggering Event" (each as defined in the UST Rights Agreement) will occur as
a result of the Merger or the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
Certain Regulatory Approvals
 
     The regulatory approvals and consents necessary to consummate the Merger,
the Distribution and certain related transactions include the approval of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC, the OCC, the
Office of Thrift Supervision and the New York State Banking Board. Each of
Chase, UST and Spinco expect to file applications with the applicable
regulatory authorities during February 1995. There can be no assurance that
such regulatory approvals will be obtained at all or in a timely manner to
permit consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement may be terminated by
UST or Chase if all requisite regulatory approvals have not been obtained, and
all applicable waiting periods have not expired, by November 18, 1995. In
considering the applications, the regulatory authorities are required to
assess whether the Merger would have significant adverse effects on
competition, the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of
Chase and Spinco, and whether the proposed transactions would further the
convenience and needs of the communities to be served by the resulting
institutions. In connection with the assessment of whether the Merger will
serve community convenience and needs, the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA")
provides that the federal banking agencies shall consider the record of
depository institution subsidiaries of a holding company in meeting the credit
needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods,
consistent with safe and sound operation. UST, Chase and their respective bank
subsidiaries have been determined by their respective federal banking
regulators to have attained satisfactory or better records of performance
under the CRA. In connection with applications filed recently by Chase with
respect to certain internal reorganizations of Chase, Inner City
Press/Community on the Move, a community group located in the Bronx, New York,
has filed a protest alleging that CMB and Chase failed to meet their
obligations under the CRA. Chase has filed responses with the appropriate
agencies. It is possible that this group or another will submit a protest
under the CRA in connection with the applications filed for approval of the
transactions. Such a protest might delay approval of the transactions by the
regulatory authorities. There can also be no assurance that any regulatory
approvals will not contain a condition or requirement which causes such
approvals to fail to satisfy the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.
There can likewise be no assurance that other regulatory bodies will not
challenge the Merger or, if such a challenge is made, as to the result
thereof.
 
Stock Exchange Listing
 
     Chase has agreed in the Merger Agreement to use its best efforts to cause
the shares of Chase Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for
listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the
Closing Date. Such approval for listing on the NYSE is a condition to each of
UST's and Chase's obligation to consummate the Merger. See
"-- Conditions -- Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger"
below.
 
                                      42
<PAGE>
 
Conditions
 
     Conditions of Obligation of UST and Chase
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that the respective obligation of each
party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or
prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:
 
          (a) The Merger Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the
     affirmative vote of two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) of the total number of votes
     entitled to be cast at the Special Meeting; (b) the shares of Chase
     Common Stock issuable to UST stockholders pursuant to the Merger
     Agreement shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to
     official notice of issuance; (c) each of Chase and UST shall have
     obtained all requisite approvals of, or satisfying all requisite filing
     requirements with, bank regulators and other governmental entities,
     including all requisite approvals under, and the expiration of all
     waiting periods in respect of, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
     provided, no such approvals shall impose any condition or restriction
     upon Chase or Spinco, or any of their respective subsidiaries, including,
     without limitation, any requirement to raise additional capital or to
     dispose of assets, which would so materially adversely impact the
     economic or business benefits of the transactions contemplated by the
     Merger Agreement and the Distribution Agreement as to render inadvisable
     the consummation of the Merger or the Distribution; (d) (i) no temporary
     restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order
     issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or
     prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect
     and (ii) no action, suit or other proceeding shall be pending or, to the
     knowledge of UST and Chase, threatened by any governmental entity that,
     if successful, would restrict or prohibit the consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Distribution
     Documents; (e) New Trustco, USTNY and Chase shall have entered into the
     Services Agreement; (f) the Chase Registration Statement shall have
     become effective under the Securities Act and shall not be the subject of
     any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order; and (g) the
     Distribution shall have become effective in accordance with the terms of
     the Distribution Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and each of the
     agreements contemplated thereby.
 
     Conditions of Obligation of Chase
 
     The obligation of Chase to effect the Merger is further subject to the
following conditions, unless waived by Chase:
 
          (a) The representations and warranties of UST set forth in the
     Merger Agreement that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and
     correct, and the representations and warranties of UST set forth in the
     Merger Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in
     all material respects, in each case as of the date of the Merger
     Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
     Closing Date, except as otherwise contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
     except to the extent that any representation or warranty is made as of a
     specific date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be
     true and correct as of such date. UST shall have delivered to Chase a
     certificate (the "UST Bring Down Certificate"), dated as of the Closing
     Date and reasonably satisfactory in form to Chase, setting forth each
     event that has occurred and each condition that exists that (i) had not
     occurred or was not in existence as of the date of the Merger Agreement
     and (ii) if it had occurred or was in existence as of the date of the
     Merger Agreement would be required to be disclosed pursuant to certain
     representations and warranties of UST contained in the Merger Agreement.
     In determining the materiality of the failure of any representation or
     warranty made by UST to be true when made, the parties will consider
     whether the failure can be remedied by a financial indemnity, whether
     Spinco or New Trustco is obligated under the Post Closing Covenants
     Agreement to indemnify against the failure, and the financial ability of
     Spinco or New Trustco, as appropriate, to satisfy any indemnification
     obligation.
 
          (b) UST shall have performed in all material respects all
     obligations required to be performed by it under the Merger Agreement and
     the Distribution Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.
 
                                      43
<PAGE>
 
          (c) The Service shall have issued and not revoked the Private Letter
     Ruling, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Chase
     substantially to the effect that, on the basis of the facts,
     representations, and assumptions existing at the Effective Time:
 
             (i) the contribution by USTNY to New Trustco of certain assets
        and the assumption of certain liabilities of USTNY by New Trustco, as
        contemplated in the Contribution Agreement, qualifies for Federal
        income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of
        Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code or as tax-free under Section 351 of
        the Code;
 
             (ii) the distribution of all the capital stock of New Trustco to
        UST by USTNY, as contemplated by the Distribution Agreement, is
        tax-free for Federal income tax purposes to USTNY under Section 361(a)
        of the Code and to UST under Section 355(a) of the Code;
 
             (iii) the contribution by UST to Spinco of certain assets
        (including, without limitation, all of the capital stock of New
        Trustco) and the assumption of certain liabilities of UST by Spinco,
        as contemplated by the Distribution Agreement, qualifies for Federal
        income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of
        Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code or as tax-free under Section 351 of
        the Code; and
 
             (iv) the distribution of the stock of Spinco on a pro rata basis
        to the holders of UST Common Stock is tax-free for Federal income tax
        purposes to UST under Section 361(a) of the Code and to UST's
        stockholders under Section 355(a) of the Code.
 
          (d) Chase shall have received an opinion dated the Closing Date of
     Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel to UST, and/or in-house counsel of UST,
     satisfactory to counsel to Chase, with respect to, among other things,
     the valid existence and good standing of UST and USTNY, the authority of
     UST and USTNY to execute the Merger Agreement and the Distribution
     Documents, the execution and enforceability of such agreements and the
     satisfaction by UST and USTNY of certain Federal and New York law
     requirements.
 
          (e) Whether or not any event or change is reflected in the UST Bring
     Down Certificate, since September 30, 1994, there shall have been no
     material adverse change, and no event that could reasonably be expected
     to result in a material adverse change, to the business, properties,
     assets, results of operations, or financial condition of MF Service
     Company or the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged, each taken as a
     whole. For these purposes, "material adverse change" does not include (i)
     any adverse change resulting from economic or market conditions generally
     affecting businesses engaged in the same or substantially similar
     activities as the Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged or (ii) any adverse
     change resulting directly from any action taken by Chase or any
     subsidiary of Chase except an action specifically permitted or
     contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Bank Merger). The
     Merger Agreement does not include a definition of "material adverse
     change". The determination of whether a material adverse change has
     occurred, or is the result of general economic or market conditions or
     otherwise, is dependent upon specific facts and circumstances.
 
          (f) Shares owned by Dissenting Holders (as defined under
     "Dissenters' Rights" below) will not constitute more than 5% of the
     aggregate number of outstanding shares of UST Common Stock.
 
          (g) Each of the Distribution Documents shall have been executed
     substantially in the forms attached as Exhibits to the Merger Agreement
     or to the Contribution Agreement or, if not included as Exhibits, in the
     form mutually agreed to by the parties thereto and Chase.
 
          (h) Chase shall have received an opinion, based on the
     representation letters to be delivered by UST and Chase pursuant to the
     Merger Agreement, of O'Melveny & Myers, counsel to Chase, to the effect
     that the Merger will be treated for Federal income tax purposes as a
     reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that
     Chase and UST will each be a party to that reorganization within the
     meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.
 
          (i) Since the effective date of the Chase Registration Statement, no
     event with respect to UST, any subsidiary of UST or any security holder
     of UST shall have occurred which should have been set forth in
 
                                      44
<PAGE>
 
     an amendment to the Chase Registration Statement or a supplement to this
     Proxy Statement-Prospectus that has not been set forth in such an
     amendment or supplement.
 
          (j) UST shall have delivered letters regarding Rule 145 under the
     Securities Act, executed by each affiliate of UST who will acquire shares
     of Chase Common Stock in connection with the Merger.
 
          (k) UST's core trust and custody software system utilized by USTNY
     in the Processing Business and in its other businesses (the "Asset
     Management System") shall comply with material regulatory requirements
     and certain other software modifications shall have been completed in all
     material respects.
 
     Conditions of Obligation of UST
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that the obligation of UST to effect the
Merger is further subject to the following conditions, unless waived by UST:
 
          (a) The representations and warranties of Chase set forth in the
     Merger Agreement that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and
     correct, and the representations and warranties of Chase set forth in the
     Merger Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in
     all material respects, in each case as of the date of the Merger
     Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the
     Closing Date, except as otherwise contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
     Chase shall have delivered to UST a certificate (the "Chase Bring Down
     Certificate"), dated as of the Closing Date and reasonably satisfactory
     in form to UST, setting forth each event that has occurred and each
     condition that exists that (i) had not occurred or was not in existence
     as of the date of the Merger Agreement and (ii) if it had occurred or was
     in existence as of the date of the Merger Agreement would be required to
     be disclosed pursuant certain representations and warranties of Chase
     contained in the Merger Agreement.
 
          (b) Chase shall have performed in all material respects all
     obligations required to be performed by it under the Merger Agreement at
     or prior to the Closing Date.
 
          (c) The Service shall have issued and not revoked the Private Letter
     Ruling reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to UST.
 
          (d) UST shall have received an opinion dated the Closing Date of
     O'Melveny & Myers, counsel to Chase, and/or in-house counsel of Chase,
     satisfactory to counsel to UST, with respect to, among other things, the
     valid existence and good standing of Chase, the authority of Chase to
     execute the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
     the execution and enforceability of the Merger Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated thereby and the satisfaction by Chase of
     certain Federal and New York law requirements.
 
          (e) Whether or not any event or change is reflected in the Chase
     Bring Down Certificate, since September 30, 1994, there shall have been
     no material adverse change, and no event that could reasonably be
     expected to result in a material adverse change, to the business,
     properties, assets, results of operations or financial condition of Chase
     and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; provided, that "material adverse
     change" for this purpose does not include (i) any adverse change
     resulting from economic or market conditions generally affecting
     businesses engaged in the same or substantially similar activities as
     Chase and its subsidiaries or (ii) any adverse change resulting directly
     from any action taken by UST or any subsidiary of UST except an action
     specifically permitted or contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including
     the Bank Merger). The Merger Agreement does not include a definition of
     "material adverse change". The determination of whether a material
     adverse change has occurred, or is the result of general economic or
     market conditions or otherwise, is dependent upon specific facts and
     circumstances. In addition, the Merger Agreement does not provide that
     UST can decline to consummate the Merger solely because the Average Value
     of Chase Common Stock or the market value of Chase Common Stock
     immediately prior to the Effective Time is substantially less than
     $31.00.
 
          (f) UST shall have received an opinion, based on the representation
     letters to be delivered by UST and Chase pursuant to the Merger
     Agreement, of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel to UST, to the effect that
     the Merger will be treated for Federal income tax purposes as a
     reorganization within the
 
                                      45
<PAGE>
 
     meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that Chase and UST will each
     be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of
     the Code.
 
          (g) Since the effective date of the Chase Registration Statement, no
     event with respect to Chase, any subsidiary of Chase or any security
     holder of Chase shall have occurred which should have been set forth in
     an amendment to the Chase Registration Statement or a supplement to this
     Proxy Statement-Prospectus that has not been set forth in such an
     amendment or supplement.
 
          (h) Each of the Distribution Documents shall have been executed
     substantially in the forms attached as Exhibits to the Merger Agreement
     or to the Contribution Agreement or, if not included as Exhibits, in the
     form mutually agreed to by the parties thereto and Chase.
 
Termination; Amendment and Waiver
 
     Termination
 
     The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after approval of the Merger and the Merger Agreement
by the stockholders of UST: (a) by mutual written consent of Chase and UST or
(b) by either Chase or UST (i) if, upon a vote at a duly held stockholders'
meeting or any adjournment thereof, any required approval of the stockholders
of UST is not obtained, (ii) if the Merger has not been consummated on or
before the date one year following the date of the Merger Agreement, unless
the failure to consummate the Merger is the result of a wilful and material
breach of such agreement by the party seeking to terminate the Merger
Agreement; provided, however, that the passage of such period will be tolled
for any part thereof (but in no event for more than an additional 90 days)
during which any party is subject to a nonfinal order, decree, ruling or
action restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the
Merger or the calling or holding of the UST stockholders' meeting or (iii) if
any governmental entity has issued an order, decree or filing or taken any
other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting the
Merger and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final
and nonappealable.
 
     Effect of Termination; Termination Payment by UST
 
     In the event of a termination of the Merger Agreement, the Merger
Agreement will forthwith become void and, except for certain obligations
provided for by the Merger Agreement, there will be no liability or obligation
on the part of UST or Chase; provided, that any such termination will not
relieve any party from liability for wilful breach of the Merger Agreement,
the Distribution Agreement, the Contribution Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated thereby. If the Merger Agreement is terminated for
any reason other than by reason of the failure to satisfy certain conditions
set forth therein or due to a permanent injunction issued at the instance of
the United States Department of Justice or otherwise due to any default on the
part of Chase or failure of Chase to obtain all requisite approvals, UST will
pay to Chase, as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, the sum of (a)
$5,000,000, if such termination occurs on or before the date that proxy
statements relating to the Merger are first mailed to UST's stockholders, and
(b) $7,500,000, if the termination occurs after the date of such mailing. Such
$7,500,000 termination payment will be payable in the event the UST
stockholders fail to approve the Distribution or to authorize and adopt the
Merger Agreement.
 
     Amendment
 
     The Merger Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto at any time
before or after approval and authorization of the matters presented in
connection with the Merger by UST stockholders, but, after any such approval
or authorization, no amendment will be made which by law requires further
approval or authorization by UST stockholders without such further approval or
authorization. The Merger Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument
in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties thereto.
 
                                      46
<PAGE>
 
     Extension; Waiver
 
     At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties to the Merger
Agreement may to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties
thereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained therein or in any document delivered pursuant thereto or (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained therein. Each of
UST and Chase has indicated that it will not waive the condition to the Merger
requiring receipt of the Private Letter Ruling from the Service with respect
to the tax-free nature of the Distribution and the Internal Reorganization.
See "Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences -- Consequences of the Merger".
 
Expenses
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that, whether or not the Merger is
consummated, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger, the
Distribution, the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and each of the
transactions contemplated thereby will be paid by the party incurring such
fees and expenses, except that expenses incurred in connection with printing
and mailing this Proxy Statement-Prospectus (including the Appendices hereto)
will be shared equally by UST and Chase.
 
Accounting Treatment
 
     The Merger will be accounted for by Chase as a "purchase" for financial
accounting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. The purchase price (i.e., the Merger consideration) will be
allocated based on the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
Such allocations will be made based upon valuations and other studies that
have not been finalized. The excess of the purchase price over the amounts so
allocated will be allocated to goodwill.
 
Interests of Certain Persons in the Transactions
 
     In considering the recommendations of the UST Board, UST stockholders
should be aware that UST's executive officers and members of the UST Board
will have certain interests in the Distribution and the Merger that are in
addition to the interests of UST stockholders generally.
 
     The Merger will constitute a "change in control" of UST with respect to
all options then outstanding under the UST Option Plans (as defined under
"Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans -- Retained
Plans" below) other than any incentive stock options granted under such plans
before October 27, 1987. Accordingly, the authorization and adoption of the
Merger Agreement by UST stockholders will, if the Merger is consummated, have
the following consequences with respect to such options:
 
          (a) all such options that had not previously become vested will
     become fully vested upon the consummation of the Merger;
 
          (b) the holders of such options will become entitled, at the
     Effective Time, to receive a cash payment (the "Cash Payment") with
     respect to each of the holders' unexercised options, in an amount equal
     to the excess of the "Determined Value" (as defined under "Effect of
     Transactions on UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans -- Retained Plans"
     below) over the exercise price under such options; and
 
          (c) under the definition of "Determined Value," the amount of the
     Cash Payment to be paid to the holders of such options could be greater
     than the amount payable to them on the basis of the "Transaction Value"
     (as defined under "Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and UST
     Benefit Plans -- Retained Plans") for the shares of UST Common Stock
     subject to such options (i.e., the amount that would be payable to such
     holders based on the average trading prices for shares of Chase Common
     Stock and Spinco Common Stock during the 10-day trading period preceding
     the Closing Date) if the highest bid price for shares of UST Common Stock
     at any time during the twelve-month period ending on the day preceding
     the Closing Date were to exceed the Transaction Value (as defined below)
     for the shares of UST Common Stock subject to such options.
 
                                      47
<PAGE>
 
     As of December 31, 1994, options to purchase a total of 1,253,359 shares
of UST Common Stock, at prices ranging from $27.75 to $53.88 per share, were
held by 341 UST employees, who may become entitled to receive a Cash Payment
with respect to such options upon the consummation of the Merger. Of the
options so held, options to purchase a total of 441,054 shares, at prices
ranging from $30.75 to $53.88 per share, held by 341 employees, were unvested
at December 31, 1994, and may become vested as a result of the Merger. Set
forth below is a table showing, for each of UST's executive officers, the
total number of shares subject to options (vested and unvested) held by the
officer as of December 31, 1994, for which the officer may become entitled to
receive a Cash Payment upon the Merger, the range of exercise prices under
such options, and the number of such option shares that will not have become
vested prior to, but may become vested as a result of, the Merger.
<TABLE>
                                                                    Range of         No. of Option
                                               Total No. of      Exercise Price      Shares to Vest
                      Name                     Option Shares        Per Share          on Merger
    -----------------------------------------  -------------     ---------------     --------------
    <S>                                           <C>            <C>      <C>            <C>   
    H. Marshall Schwarz......................      93,500        $27.75 - $53.88         21,250
    Jeffrey S. Maurer........................      70,700        $27.75 - $53.88         17,250
    Frederick B. Taylor......................      56,450        $27.75 - $53.88         15,250
    Donald M. Roberts........................      41,000        $27.75 - $53.88          9,250
 
    Frederick S. Wonham......................      35,500        $30.75 - $53.88          9,250
                                               -------------                            -------
    Total....................................     297,150        $27.75 - $53.88         72,250
                                               ==========                            ==========
 </TABLE>
     As of December 31, 1994, the members of the UST Board (excluding the
persons named in the table above), as a group, held options to purchase a
total of 66,650 shares of UST Common Stock, at prices ranging from $29.58 to
$51.60 per share, with respect to which the holders may become entitled to
receive a Cash Payment upon consummation of the Merger. Of the options so
held, options to purchase a total of 13,300 shares, at prices ranging from
$46.95 to $51.60 per share, held by four members of the UST Board, will not
have vested before, but may become vested as a result of, the Merger.
 
     UST currently estimates that the aggregate amount of the Cash Payments to
be made with respect to unexercised stock options will be $39.1 million. See
note (1) to "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements -- Notes to Pro Forma
Condensed Financial Statements" in the Information Statement attached as
Appendix H hereto. That amount is based upon various assumptions, including
the Determined Value of the UST Common Stock, the estimated number of stock
options that will be exercised prior to the Closing Date and the exercise
price of the stock options that will remain outstanding as of the Closing
Date. As a result, the actual amount of the Cash Payment will not be known
until the Closing Date and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that the
assumptions used to estimate the cash payment will prove to be correct.
 
     The Merger also will be deemed by the UST Board to constitute a "change
in control" as defined in, and for purposes of, the Annual Incentive Plan of
U.S. Trust Corporation (the "AIP"). Accordingly, the authorization and
adoption of the Merger Agreement will, if the Merger is consummated, result in
participants' previously accrued benefits under the AIP becoming immediately
payable at the Effective Time; and each participant in the AIP will be
entitled to receive an immediate cash payment in an amount equal to his or her
account balance under the plan.
 
     As of December 31, 1994, 53 UST employees had account balances under the
AIP, in the aggregate amount of $7,215,596.40, that will become immediately
payable upon consummation of the Merger. The amounts of the account balances,
as of such date, that will become so payable in the case of UST's executive
officers named below (other than Mr. Schwarz who has no account balance under
the AIP) are as follows:
<TABLE>
            <S>                                                     <C>
            Jeffrey S. Maurer.....................................  $  146,734.88
            Frederick B. Taylor...................................     109,038.24
            Donald M. Roberts.....................................   1,168,285.29
            Frederick S. Wonham...................................     211,424.24
                                                                    -------------
                      Total.......................................  $1,635,482.65
                                                                     ============
</TABLE>
                                      48
<PAGE>
 
     The aggregate amount of the payments to be made with respect to the
account balances of all participants in the AIP has been accrued, and no
additional cost with respect to such payments is required to be reflected in
the "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements" in the Information Statement
attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
     UST's 1989 Stock Compensation Plan provides for the award of long-term
incentive compensation to UST's senior officers in the form of performance
share units. The performance share units are earned over a three-year
"Performance Cycle" to the extent that pre-established performance goals for
UST are met. The performance goals for the cycles ending on December 31, 1995
and 1996 (the "1995 and 1996 Performance Cycles") were comprised of a formula
based on compound growth in UST's earnings per share and return on equity.
Because of the special circumstances occurring during the 1995 and 1996
Performance Cycles as a result of the Distribution and Merger, the UST Board
and its Compensation and Benefits Committee which administers the 1989 Stock
Compensation Plan have approved a recommendation by UST's management that if
the Merger is consummated, the performance goals established for the 1995 and
1996 Performance Cycles will be deemed to have been met in full, and that all
performance share units awarded to each UST officer for each of the 1995 and
1996 Performance Cycles will be deemed to be fully earned and payable to the
officer if he or she remains in employment with Spinco, New Trustco or their
affiliates until the end of such Performance Cycle or if he or she leaves such
employment before the end of such Performance Cycle as a result of retirement
or termination due to staff reductions associated with the Distribution and
the Merger. Set out below is a table showing, for each of UST's executive
officers, the number of performance share units awarded for the 1995 and 1996
Performance Cycles (adjusted to reflect additional performance share units
credited to the officers for dividends paid on UST Common Stock since the date
of the award) that will be deemed to be fully earned and payable to the
executive officer if UST stockholders authorize and adopt the Merger Agreement
and if the Merger is consummated.
<TABLE>
                                                          Performance     Performance
                                                             Share           Share
                                                           Units for       Units for
                              Officer                     1995 Cycle      1996 Cycle
            --------------------------------------------  -----------     -----------
            <S>                                              <C>             <C>
            H. Marshall Schwarz.........................     6,592           6,274
            Jeffrey S. Maurer...........................     4,472           4,232
            Frederick B. Taylor.........................     3,736           3,551
            Donald M. Roberts...........................     3,538           3,275
            Frederick S. Wonham.........................     3,538           3,275
</TABLE>
     UST currently estimates that the amount to be accrued with respect to
that part of the cost relating to these awards that is attributable to the
portions of the 1995 and 1996 Performance Cycles subsequent to the Closing
Date, will be $5.1 million for all UST senior officers as a group, and,
approximately $1.0 million in the aggregate for the Executive Officers listed
above. See note (1) to "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements -- Notes to
Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements" in the Information Statement
attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
     For further information concerning the award of performance share units,
see "Management -- Executive Compensation" in the Information Statement
attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
     Two of UST's present executive officers, Donald M. Roberts and Frederick
S. Wonham, will be retiring effective as of the Closing Date. Upon such
termination of their employment, Messrs. Roberts and Wonham will each be
entitled to receive the following separation benefits: (a) an immediate
lump-sum cash severance payment, in an amount equal to $547,200 in the case of
Mr. Roberts, and $560,800 in the case of Mr. Wonham, and (b) payment of a
supplemental pension, in addition to the pension payable to them under USTNY's
Employees' Retirement Plan (the "Retirement Plan") and UST's Benefit
Equalization Plan. The cash severance payment to be made to Messrs. Roberts
and Wonham represents, for each of them, the sum of one year's base salary
($342,000), plus an amount ($205,200 in the case of Mr. Roberts, and $218,900
in the case of Mr. Wonham) equal to 4% of their present annual base salary for
each of their years of service (15 years in the case of Mr. Roberts, and 16
years in the case of Mr. Wonham) with UST. The supplemental pension payable to
Messrs. Roberts and Wonham, in each case, will be an amount equal to the
excess of
 
                                      49
<PAGE>
 
(x) the additional pension that would be payable to them under the Retirement
Plan's benefit formula if they had completed 25 years of service, over (y) the
additional pension that would be payable to them if they were entitled to
receive an additional pension under the Retirement Plan in an amount that is
actuarially equivalent to the service-based component ($205,200 in the case of
Mr. Roberts, and $218,900 in the case of Mr. Wonham) of the cash severance
payment to be made to them, after adjustment for taxes payable thereon. The
actuarial present value of the supplemental pensions payable to Messrs.
Roberts and Wonham are, respectively, $910,000 and $540,000.
 
Resales of Chase Common Stock Issued in the Merger; Affiliates
 
     The Chase Common Stock to be issued to UST stockholders in connection
with the Merger will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except
for shares issued to any person who may be deemed an "affiliate" of UST within
the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act. In the Merger Agreement, UST
has agreed to use its best efforts to cause each of those persons who may be
deemed affiliates of UST to deliver to Chase on or prior to the Closing Date a
written agreement providing that such persons will not make any sale, transfer
or other disposition of the Chase Common Stock received in connection with the
Merger in violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. If any affiliate refuses to provide such an agreement,
Chase will be entitled to place appropriate legends on the Chase shares to be
received by such affiliates, and to issue stop transfer instructions to
Chase's transfer agent in regard to such shares. This Proxy
Statement-Prospectus does not cover any resales of Chase Common Stock received
by affiliates of UST, including certain family members and related interests.
 
Dissenters' Rights
 
     The following summary of the rights of Dissenting Holders is qualified in
its entirety by reference to Sections 910 and 623 of the NYBCL, copies of each
of which are attached as Appendix G hereto and which should be reviewed by any
UST stockholder wishing to exercise dissenters' rights.
 
     Pursuant to Sections 910 and 623 of the NYBCL, a UST stockholder who
objects to the Merger is entitled to dissent from the Merger and, if the
Merger is consummated, receive payment of the fair value of his or her shares
of UST Common Stock in cash (rather than accept shares of Chase Common Stock),
by complying with the provisions of Section 623 of the NYBCL (a "Dissenting
Holder"). The following summary of the statutory procedures required to be
followed by a UST stockholder in order to perfect his or her rights under
Section 623 of the NYBCL is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section
623 of the NYBCL, the text of which is attached as Appendix G hereto. To
preserve their right to object and receive in cash the fair value of their
shares, UST stockholders must comply with the following procedures. A negative
vote or return of a negative proxy alone is not sufficient. A summary of the
procedure is as follows:
 
          (a) Prior to the Special Meeting, or at the meeting but before the
     Merger is submitted to a vote, the Dissenting Holder must file with UST a
     written objection to the Merger which includes: (i) a notice of the
     Dissenting Holder's election of dissent, (ii) the Dissenting Holder's
     name and residence address, (iii) the number and classes of shares as to
     which the Dissenting Holder dissents and (iv) a demand for payment of the
     fair value of such shares if the Merger is consummated. Prior to the
     Special Meeting written objections should be sent to U.S. Trust
     Corporation, Attention: Office of the Secretary, 114 West 47th Street,
     New York, New York 10036. Stockholders dissenting at the Special Meeting
     must submit written objections with the aforementioned information to the
     Secretary at the Special Meeting before the Merger is submitted to a
     vote. A UST stockholder may not dissent as to less than all the shares as
     to which he or she has the right to dissent. A nominee or fiduciary may
     not dissent on behalf of any beneficial owner as to less than all the
     shares of such owner held of record by such nominee or fiduciary.
 
          (b) The Dissenting Holder must either abstain from voting or vote
     against the Merger. A vote for the Merger will cause the UST stockholder
     to lose his or her right to dissent. If a proxy is signed and returned
     without indicating any voting instructions, shares of UST Common Stock
     represented by the proxy will be voted FOR both the Distribution Proposal
     and the Merger Proposal. Therefore, returning
 
                                      50
<PAGE>
 
     a signed proxy without voting instructions will cause such UST
     stockholder to lose his or her right to dissent.
 
          (c) Within ten days after UST stockholder approval of the Merger,
     UST must give written notice thereof by registered mail to each
     Dissenting Holder who filed a written objection to the Merger and did not
     vote in favor of the Merger.
 
          (d) At the time of the written objection referred to in paragraph
     (a) above, or within one month thereafter, a Dissenting Holder must
     submit all certificates representing the Dissenting Holder's shares of
     UST Common Stock to UST for the purpose of affixing a notation indicating
     that a notice of election to dissent has been filed. After making such a
     notation, UST will return such certificates to the Dissenting Holder. If
     such certificates are not submitted, the holder thereof shall, at the
     option of UST exercised by written notice to the stockholder within 45
     days of the filing of the notice of election to dissent, lose the right
     to dissent unless a court for good cause otherwise directs.
 
          (e) Within 15 days after the expiration of the period within which
     UST stockholders may submit a notice of election to dissent, or within 15
     days after the Effective Time, whichever is later, but in no event later
     than 90 days after UST stockholder authorization of the Merger, UST shall
     make a written offer, by registered mail, to each UST stockholder who
     filed notice of election to dissent, to pay for the Dissenting Holder's
     shares at a specified price that UST considers to be the fair value of
     the shares. The offer shall be made at the same price per share to all
     Dissenting Holders and will be accompanied by a statement setting forth
     the aggregate number of shares with respect to which notices of election
     to dissent have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
     shares. If the Merger has become effective, the offer must be accompanied
     by an advance payment of 80% of the offered amount, in the case of each
     Dissenting Holder who has submitted certificates for his shares, or a
     statement that such an advance payment will be made promptly upon
     submission of the certificates for his or her shares in the case of any
     other Dissenting Holder. Acceptance of such advance payment by a
     Dissenting Holder will not constitute a waiver of his or her right to
     dissent. If within 30 days after making the offer any Dissenting Holder
     and UST agree upon the price to be paid for the shares, payment of the
     offered amount or the balance of the offered amount, as the case may be,
     must be made by UST within 60 days after the making of the offer or the
     Effective Time, whichever is later, upon the surrender of the
     certificates representing the Dissenting Holder's shares.
 
          (f) If UST fails to make the offer described in paragraph (e) above
     or if the Dissenting Holder and UST fail to agree within 30 days after
     the making of such offer on the price to be paid, UST within 20 days
     after the expiration of the appropriate time period set forth above, will
     institute a special proceeding in the supreme court in the judicial
     district in which UST is located to determine the rights of Dissenting
     Holders and to fix the fair value of their shares.
 
          (g) If UST fails to institute the special proceeding described in
     paragraph (e) above, any Dissenting Holder may do so within 30 days after
     the expiration of the 20-day period. If the proceeding is not instituted
     within such 30-day period, the Dissenting Holder will lose the right to
     dissent unless the court for good cause otherwise directs. All Dissenting
     Holders, other than those who agreed with UST as to the price to be paid
     for their shares, must be made parties to such proceeding. The court will
     determine those Dissenting Holders who have complied with the provisions
     of Section 623 of the NYBCL and who are entitled to dissent, and will
     then determine the fair value of their shares as of the close of business
     on the date prior to the date the Merger was authorized by the UST
     stockholders. In fixing the fair value of the shares, the court will
     consider the nature of the transaction giving rise to the Dissenting
     Holder's right to receive payment for his or her shares and its effect on
     UST and its stockholders, the concepts and methods then customary in the
     relevant securities and financial markets for determining the fair value
     of shares of a corporation engaging in a similar transaction under
     comparable circumstances, and all other relevant factors. The court shall
     determine the fair value of the shares without a jury and without
     referral to an appraiser or referee.
 
          (h) Within 60 days after the final determination of the special
     proceeding UST must pay the Dissenting Holder the amount found to be due,
     with interest thereon from the date the Merger was
 
                                      51
<PAGE>
 
     consummated, at such rate as the court finds to be equitable, upon
     surrender by the Dissenting Holder of all stock certificates representing
     his or her shares. If the court finds that the refusal of any Dissenting
     Holder to accept UST's offer of payment for shares was arbitrary,
     vexatious or otherwise not in good faith, no interest shall be allowed to
     him or her.
 
     The parties to the court proceeding will bear their own costs and
expenses, including the fees and expenses of their counsel and of any experts
employed by them, except that the court, in its discretion and under certain
conditions, may assess all or any part of the costs, expenses and fees
incurred by Dissenting Holders against UST, or may assess all or any part of
the costs, expenses and fees incurred by UST against any Dissenting Holders,
including any Dissenting Holders who have withdrawn their notices of election,
if the court finds that their refusal to accept UST's offer was arbitrary,
vexatious or otherwise not in good faith.
 
     A Dissenting Holder continues to retain all rights of a stockholder until
the Effective Time. Upon the consummation of the Merger, each Dissenting
Holder ceases to have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to his
UST Common Stock other than the right to be paid the fair value of his shares
and any other rights under Section 623 of the NYBCL. Any notice of election to
dissent may be withdrawn by a Dissenting Holder at any time prior to his
written acceptance of UST's offer, but in no case later than 60 days after
consummation of the Merger (or, if UST fails to make a timely offer to pay the
Dissenting Holder the fair value of his shares as provided above, at any time
within 60 days after the date an offer is made), or thereafter with the
written consent of UST. Any Dissenting Holder who withdraws his or her notice
of election to dissent or otherwise loses his or her right to dissent shall
thereupon have the right to receive shares of Chase Common Stock as provided
in the Merger Agreement.
 
     A UST stockholder is not required to exercise his or her right to dissent
merely because he or she did not vote in favor of the Merger. A UST
stockholder who has not voted in favor of the Merger may, at his or her
election, not pursue his or her right to dissent, in which case he or she will
be bound by the terms of the Merger Agreement and will receive shares of Chase
Common Stock as therein provided.
 
     After consummation of the Merger, actions to be taken by UST will be
taken by Chase as successor to UST. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement,
the obligation of Chase to consummate the Merger is conditioned on holders of
no more than 5% of the aggregate outstanding shares of UST Common Stock
exercising dissenters' rights.
 
     Under New York law, the dissenters' rights procedure is an exclusive
remedy and a Dissenting Holder who does not perfect his or her right to
dissent through compliance with Section 623 of the NYBCL will be bound by the
terms of the Merger, unless the Merger is unlawful or fraudulent as to him. In
view of the complexity of these provisions of New York law, stockholders who
are considering dissenting from the Merger should consult their legal
advisors.
 
                               THE DISTRIBUTION
 
     This section of the Proxy Statement-Prospectus describes certain aspects
of the proposed Distribution. To the extent that they relate to the
Distribution Documents, the following descriptions do not purport to be
complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Distribution
Documents which are attached as Appendix B through E to this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus and are incorporated herein by reference. All UST
stockholders are urged to read each of the Distribution Documents in its
entirety.
 
Background of and Reasons for the Distribution
 
     Because the Processing Business and the Related Back Office were the only
businesses, assets and liabilities of UST that UST and its subsidiaries
proposed to sell, UST determined to effect the Distribution, which will be tax
free to UST stockholders for Federal income tax purposes. UST believes the
Distribution will enable UST stockholders to continue to participate in the
values and prospects of the assets and businesses of Spinco.
 
                                      52
<PAGE>
 
     Although the Distribution will not be effected unless the Merger is
authorized and about to occur, the Distribution is separate from the Merger
and Spinco Common Stock to be received by holders of UST Common Stock in the
Distribution does not constitute a part of the Merger consideration.
Consummation of the Distribution is a condition to the Merger. Accordingly, if
the Distribution is not approved by the stockholders of UST at the Special
Meeting, the Merger Agreement could be terminated by Chase or UST and the
Merger would not occur, even if the UST stockholders authorize the Merger.
 
     UST stockholders are being asked to vote on the Distribution and the
Merger only, and are not being asked to vote on the transfer of the Core
Businesses to Spinco. In the event the UST stockholders do not approve the
Distribution and do not authorize and adopt the Merger, or if the Merger is
not consummated for any other reason, UST's management nonetheless intends to
transfer the Core Businesses to Spinco and New Trustco. These transfers would
be subject to regulatory approvals, and the Company would either amend its
applications to such regulatory authorities in connection with the Merger, or
file new applications, to seek such approvals. In addition, UST would amend
its application for a private letter ruling made to the Service to request a
ruling confirming that the distribution to UST of the stock of New Trustco
could be effected as a tax-free internal reorganization without triggering a
deferred gain to UST.
 
Terms of the Contribution Agreement
 
     In connection with the Distribution, USTNY and New Trustco will enter
into the Contribution Agreement. The Contribution Agreement provides for,
among other things, a series of asset and stock transfers between USTNY and
New Trustco, and the assignment to and assumption by New Trustco of
liabilities of USTNY relating to the assets and stock transferred (the
"Contribution Asset Transfers"). The Contribution Asset Transfers are designed
to transfer all the businesses, assets and liabilities of USTNY to New
Trustco, other than the businesses, assets and liabilities included in the
Chase Acquired Business.
 
     Contribution Assets and Contribution Liabilities
 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, immediately prior to
the Distribution Asset Transfers (as defined under "-- Terms of the
Distribution Agreement -- The Distribution Asset Transfers" below), USTNY will
assign, transfer, convey and contribute to New Trustco, effective as of the
Closing, all the business, properties, assets, goodwill and rights of USTNY,
other than the Chase Assets (as defined below), owned by USTNY on the Closing
Date (the "Contribution Assets"), including: (i) all assets used or held for
use primarily in the Core Businesses; (ii) all agreements entered into by
USTNY with customers or clients of the Core Businesses relating to such
businesses; (iii) all mortgages, loans, overdrafts, lines of credit, rights in
respect of letters of credit and similar assets of the Core Businesses and all
rights in respect of collateral or security (except rights in collateral to
the extent that such rights secure any Chase Assets) for any of the foregoing;
(iv) all accrued fees, accrued interest and accounts receivable, other than
those of the Chase Acquired Business; (v) all real property owned by USTNY and
all rights in certain leases; (vi) all cash on hand, funds available for
investment, investments and securities of USTNY, other than certain
investments or funds reflected on the balance sheet of the Chase Acquired
Business at the Time of Distribution; (vii) USTNY's interest in all lease and
licensing agreements, and related support agreements, with third parties for
the use of systems and applications software (excluding, however, certain data
processing licenses and computer leases); (viii) USTNY's interest in the Asset
Management System; (ix) all rights relating to the Contribution Liabilities
(as defined below); (x) all rights relating to certain abandoned property;
(xi) all policies of insurance or similar agreements; (xii) all collateral
posted to secure clearing and other contingent obligations; and (xiv) all fees
or accounts receivable of the Chase Acquired Business which have been paid on
or before the close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing
Date.
 
     The Contribution Agreement also provides that, subject to certain limited
exceptions, the Contribution Assets will not include any assets of USTNY that
are primarily used, or that are held for use in, or are reasonably necessary
for the conduct by USTNY of, the Chase Acquired Business on the Closing Date
(the "Chase Assets"), including: (i) all customer agreements relating to the
Processing Business; (ii) all accounts receivable and accrued and unpaid fees
under customer agreements owed to USTNY on the Closing Date and arising out of
the Processing Business; (iii) certain agreements by which USTNY is bound that
relate to the
 
                                      53
<PAGE>
 
Chase Acquired Business; (iv) USTNY's lease relating to space in the building
located at 770 Broadway, New York, New York (the "Broadway Lease"); (v)
certain USTNY proprietary systems and application software; and (vi) all
rights relating to Chase Liabilities (as defined below).
 
     In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, New
Trustco will assume, subject to certain exceptions, effective as of the
Closing, and will pay, perform and discharge when due and indemnify USTNY and
hold USTNY harmless from and against all liabilities (the "Contribution
Liabilities") of USTNY existing on the Closing Date (other than Chase
Liabilities), including: (i) all liabilities of USTNY relating to or arising
out of the Core Businesses; (ii) all liabilities arising out of any event,
occurrence, action or omission taken or occurring prior to the Closing Date by
or with respect to USTNY, its officers, directors, Board of Trustees,
employees, agents or representatives; (iii) all obligations in respect of the
Capital Notes; (iv) any liability which is attributable to any of the
Contribution Assets; (v) all liabilities under each UST benefit plan that is
transferred to New Trustco; (vi) all fees and expenses of USTNY and its
subsidiaries incurred on or before the Contribution Asset Transfers in
connection with the Merger; and (vii) all obligations under agreements
relating to the Chase Acquired Business that are to be performed or discharged
prior to the Closing Date.
 
     The Contribution Agreement also provides that at all times at and after
the Closing, USTNY will, subject to certain exceptions, retain and be solely
responsible for, and USTNY will pay, perform and discharge when due, and
indemnify New Trustco and hold New Trustco harmless from and against the
following liabilities (the "Chase Liabilities"), including: (i) all deposits
arising from the Processing Business; (ii) all liabilities to trade creditors
and accounts payable of the Chase Acquired Business reflected on the balance
sheet of the Chase Acquired Business at the Time of Distribution; (iii) all
liabilities under agreements relating to the Processing Business, subject to
limited exceptions; (iv) (A) all liabilities for amounts required to be paid
as of or after the Effective Time under the terms of UST's 1986 Stock Option
Plan and employer payroll taxes due with respect to such amounts, subject to
certain limits, and (B) all liabilities for amounts payable under the
Transition Bonus Program (as defined under "Effect of Transactions on UST
Employees and UST Benefit Plans" below) maintained by USTNY; (v) all
obligations and duties as lessee under the Broadway Lease arising after the
Closing Date; and (vi) certain obligations relating to certain abandoned
property.
 
     Delayed Assets and Delayed Liabilities
 
     The Contribution Agreement provides that to the extent that any consent
with respect to a contract, agreement, lease or other instrument included in
the Contribution Assets that is legally required to effect the transfer
thereof to New Trustco (a "Required Consent"), and that has not been obtained
on or prior to the Closing Date (such contract, agreement, lease or instrument
a "Delayed Asset") will not be transferred as a Contribution Asset, and any
related liability (a "Delayed Liability") will not be assumed by New Trustco
as a Contribution Liability, unless and until such Required Consent has been
obtained. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, USTNY will agree that if
such a Required Consent to transfer is not obtained, USTNY will reasonably
cooperate with New Trustco to attempt to provide to New Trustco the benefits
under or of any such Delayed Asset; provided that New Trustco will assume, pay
and perform (and indemnify and hold USTNY harmless from and against) all
obligations and liabilities relating to such Delayed Asset or Delayed
Liability and will promptly reimburse USTNY for all of its actual costs and
expenses (including attorneys' fees and employee salaries and allocable
benefits, but not overhead) in connection with any such arrangement.
 
     USTNY and New Trustco will agree that, on each occasion after the Closing
Date that a Required Consent is obtained with respect to a Delayed Asset, such
Delayed Asset will be transferred and assigned to New Trustco, and all related
Delayed Liabilities will be simultaneously assumed by New Trustco.
 
     Use of Names
 
     The Contribution Agreement provides that after the Closing Date, USTNY
will promptly change the name "USTNY" on all documents, stationery and
facilities relating to the Chase Acquired Business to a name that is not in
any way similar to USTNY's name (or any name or initial confusingly similar to
that of any
 
                                      54
<PAGE>
 
existing affiliates of New Trustco). Under the Contribution Agreement, USTNY
will transfer to New Trustco all right, title and interest in and to, and all
rights to use, USTNY's name (or any name or initial similar thereto or of any
existing affiliates of USTNY).
 
     Chase Acquired Business Balance Sheet
 
     Because all the consideration for the sale of the Chase Acquired Business
is being paid directly to UST stockholders in the form of Chase Common Stock,
the Contribution Agreement generally contemplates that the balance sheet
assets of the Chase Acquired Business immediately after the Distribution will
be equal to the balance sheet liabilities of the Chase Acquired Business. In
order to effectuate this, the Contribution Agreement provides, subject to
certain exceptions, that USTNY will retain, and not contribute to New Trustco,
an amount of cash and short-term U.S. Treasury securities (valued at the
amount that could be realized on their disposition) expected to exceed by $5.5
million the amount by which the balance sheet liabilities of the Chase
Acquired Business exceed the balance sheet assets of the Chase Acquired
Business. (Such a mechanism is necessary because the deposit and other
liabilities of the Processing Business will significantly exceed the
assets -- which are comprised principally of leasehold improvements,
furniture, equipment and accounts receivable -- of the Processing Business,
and since no investment assets or funds of USTNY are specifically allocated
to, or considered to be assets of, the Processing Business for purposes of the
Contribution Agreement or Distribution Agreement). The amount of funds and
U.S. Treasury securities to be retained by USTNY is subject to additional
adjustments to compensate for amounts otherwise payable by one party to the
other in connection with the transaction or to compensate for liabilities
assumed by Chase that do not directly relate to the Chase Acquired Business.
Similarly, the amount of funds to be retained by USTNY will be increased to
reflect payment obligations to be retained by USTNY in respect of certain
employee plans, the after-tax cost to Chase of terminating out-of-market
computer equipment leases being acquired in the Merger and certain payments
relating to the leasehold space at 770 Broadway also being acquired by Chase
as a consequence of the Merger.
 
     In order to permit the calculation of the amount of funds and U.S.
Treasury securities to be retained by New Trustco, USTNY will prepare Closing
Date balance sheets for USTNY, MF Service Company and UST-WY. The amounts
reflected therein, to the extent based on estimates or otherwise erroneous,
will be finalized and corrected after the Closing Date, and New Trustco or
USTNY will make any compensating payment to the other party required in
connection therewith.
 
     Conditions of Obligations of New Trustco and USTNY
 
     The Contribution Agreement provides that the respective obligation of
each party to effect the Contribution Asset Transfers is subject to
satisfaction or waiver (which waiver, in the case of USTNY, requires the
consent of Chase) prior to the Closing of the following conditions: (a) all
necessary consents or expirations of waiting periods imposed by any
governmental authority shall have been obtained or shall have occurred; (b)
there shall be no suit, action, or other proceeding pending which has been
initiated by any governmental authority seeking to restrain, prohibit,
invalidate or set aside in whole or in part the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement and no temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other legal
restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Contribution Agreement shall be in effect; and (c) all
conditions to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement (other than the Asset Transfers (as defined below) and the
Distribution) shall have been satisfied.
 
     Conditions of Obligation of New Trustco
 
     The obligation of New Trustco to accept the Contribution Assets and
assume the Contribution Liabilities is further subject to the following
conditions, unless waived by New Trustco: (a) the representations and
warranties of USTNY set forth in the Contribution Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date of such agreement and as of
the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (or on or as of the date
when made in the case of any representation or warranty which specifically
relates to an earlier date); (b) USTNY shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all obligations,
 
                                      55
<PAGE>
 
conditions and covenants required to be performed or complied with by it under
the Contribution Agreement at or prior to the Closing; (c) USTNY shall have
delivered to New Trustco an appropriate bill of sale conveying the
Contribution Assets; (d) the Merger Agreement and each of the Distribution
Documents shall have been executed and shall, subject to consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement
and the Contribution Agreement, be effective and in force; and (e) USTNY shall
have amended its organization certificate to change its name.
 
     Conditions of Obligations of USTNY
 
     The obligations of USTNY to assign the Contribution Assets and transfer
the Contribution Liabilities is subject to the following conditions, unless
waived by USTNY (with the consent of Chase): (a) the representations and
warranties of New Trustco set forth in the Contribution Agreement shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of its date and as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (or on or as of the date
when made in the case of any representation or warranty which specifically
relates to an earlier date); (b) New Trustco shall have performed or complied
in all material respects with all obligations required to be performed or
complied with by it under the Contribution Agreement at or prior to the
Closing; (c) New Trustco shall have executed and delivered to USTNY an
Assumption Agreement relating to the Contribution Liabilities; and (d) the
Merger Agreement and each of the Distribution Documents shall have been
executed and shall, subject to consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and the Contribution
Agreement, be effective and in force.
 
Terms of the Distribution Agreement
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) the
dividend by USTNY of all the capital stock of New Trustco to UST, and the
subsequent contribution by UST of such capital stock to Spinco and (ii) the
Distribution.
 
     In addition, the Distribution Agreement provides for a series of asset
and stock transfers between and among UST, certain of UST's subsidiaries and
Spinco, and the assignment to and assumption by Spinco of certain liabilities
of UST and certain of its subsidiaries relating to the assets and stock
transferred (the "Distribution Asset Transfers" and, together with the
Contribution Asset Transfers, the "Asset Transfers"). The Distribution Asset
Transfers are designed to transfer the Core Businesses to Spinco.
 
     Recapitalization of Spinco
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that immediately prior to the Time of
Distribution, UST will appropriately cause Spinco to amend its certificate of
incorporation to, among other things, increase the currently authorized number
of shares of common stock of Spinco and to exchange the 100 shares of such
common stock currently outstanding for a total number of shares of Spinco
Common Stock equal to the total number of shares of UST Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Distribution Record Date.
 
     Method of Effecting the Distribution
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that the Distribution will be
effected by the distribution to each holder of record of UST Common Stock, as
of the close of the stock transfer books on the Distribution Record Date, of
certificates representing one share of Spinco Common Stock multiplied by the
number of shares of UST Common Stock held by such holder.
 
     Distribution Assets and Distribution Liabilities
 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Distribution Agreement, immediately prior to
the Time of Distribution and immediately following the Contribution Asset
Transfers and the dividend by USTNY of all the stock of New Trustco to UST,
UST will assign, transfer, convey and contribute, or cause the assignment,
transfer,
 
                                      56
<PAGE>
 
conveyance and contribution of, the Core Businesses, including the following
(collectively, the "Distribution Assets" and, together with the Contribution
Assets, the "Spinco Assets"), to Spinco:
 
          (a) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the following
     subsidiaries: (i) New Trustco; (ii) U.S. Trust Company of Florida Savings
     Bank, a Florida banking corporation; (iii) U.S.T.L.P.O. Corp., a Delaware
     corporation; (iv) Campbell, Cowperthwait & Company, a Delaware
     corporation; (v) U.S. Trust Company of California, N.A., a national
     banking association; (vi) U.S. Trust Company of New Jersey, a New Jersey
     banking corporation; (vii) U.S. Trust Company of Connecticut, a
     Connecticut banking corporation; (viii) UST Financial Services Corp., a
     New York corporation; (ix) CTMC Holding Company, an Oregon corporation;
     (x) U.S. Trust Company Limited, a New York trust company; (xi)
     Technologies Holding Corporation, a Delaware corporation; and (xii) UST
     Risk Management Services Inc., a New York corporation.
 
          (b) (i) subject to the Retention Amount (as defined under
     "-- Retention Amount" below), all cash on hand, investments (subject to
     certain exceptions) and securities (subject to certain exceptions) owned
     by, or held for the account of, UST; (ii) all patents, trademarks,
     service marks and the like, and all rights to the name "U.S. Trust
     Corporation" or any other name used or employed by UST or any of its
     affiliates (other than MF Service Company); (iii) all equity or debt
     investments of UST in any corporation or other business association
     (other than UST's equity investments in MF Service Company, USTNY and
     UST-WY); and (iv) all rights relating to the Distribution Liabilities (as
     defined below).
 
          (c) (i) all cash on hand, investments and securities owned by, or
     held for the account of, MF Service Company; and (ii) all equity or debt
     investments of MF Service Company (other than MF Service Company's equity
     interest in Mutual Funds Service Company (Canada) Ltd.) in any
     corporation or other business association.
 
          (d) (i) all cash on hand, investments and securities owned by, or
     held for the account of UST-WY; (ii) all patents, trademarks, service
     marks and the like and all rights with respect to the name "U.S. Trust
     Company of Wyoming" or any similar name used or employed by UST-WY or any
     of its affiliates; and (iii) all equity or debt investments of UST-WY in
     any corporation or other business association.
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that, notwithstanding any other
provision therein to the contrary, the businesses and assets which are part of
the Core Businesses will not include the Chase Acquired Business on the
Closing Date (other than any names that are Distribution Assets, or any
similar names).
 
     The Distribution Agreement also provides that if, after the Time of
Distribution, either party holds assets which by the terms of the Distribution
Agreement, the Contribution Agreement or the Merger Agreement were intended to
be assigned and transferred to, or retained by, the other party, such party
will promptly assign and transfer or cause to be assigned and transferred such
assets to the other party. The Distribution Agreement further provides that,
except as otherwise provided therein or in the Merger Agreement, the
Contribution Agreement, the Post Closing Covenants Agreement or the Tax
Allocation Agreement, at or prior to the Time of Distribution, Spinco will
assume, or agree to be responsible for, all liabilities (the "Distribution
Liabilities" and, together with the Contribution Liabilities, the "Spinco
Liabilities") of UST, MF Service Company and UST-WY other than (i) the certain
specified liabilities of MF Service Company (the "MF Service Company Retained
Liabilities") arising before the Time of Distribution; (ii) the certain
specified liabilities of UST-WY (the "UST-WY Retained Liabilities") arising
prior to the Time of Distribution and (iii) the liabilities and obligations
relating to the Retention Amount.
 
     Retention Amount
 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Distribution Agreement, and notwithstanding
the Distribution Asset Transfers, UST will retain, and not distribute or
contribute to Spinco pursuant to the Distribution Asset Transfers, cash funds
equal to the Retention Amount. The Distribution Agreement defines the
"Retention Amount" as the sum of (w) the aggregate amount, determined as of
the close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, of the
cash payments required to be made with respect to all stock options granted
under the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation and the U.S.
Trust
 
                                      57
<PAGE>
 
Corporation Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors that have not expired
or that have not been exercised or canceled prior to the Effective Time,
determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of each such plan on the
basis of a "change in control" having occurred thereunder with respect to such
stock options as a result of the Merger; plus (x) the product of (i) the
aggregate amount, determined as of the close of business on the day
immediately prior to the Closing Date, of the cash payments required to be
made with respect to all outstanding account balances under the AIP,
determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of such plan (including
any amendment thereof made in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement) on the basis of a "change in control" having occurred thereunder as
a result of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) 0.68875; plus (y) the aggregate
amount, determined as of the close of business on the day immediately prior to
the Closing Date, required to pay any employer payroll taxes, including for
employer's share of FICA and FUTA, due on amounts payable under the plans
referred to in clauses (w) and (x) above; minus (z) the sum of (i) $5.5
million plus (ii) an amount equal to the amount of MF Service Company's net
worth as reflected on its Closing Date balance sheet plus (iii) an amount
equal to the amount of UST-WY's net worth as reflected on its Closing Date
balance sheet.
 
     Under the Distribution Agreement, UST will retain and be solely
responsible for, and will agree to pay, perform and discharge when due, and
indemnify Spinco and hold Spinco harmless from and against, all liabilities
and obligations, subject to certain limitations, for amounts payable under
each of the plans referred to in clauses (w) and (x)(i) of the foregoing
paragraph, and all liabilities and obligations to pay all employer payroll
taxes referred to in clause (y) of the foregoing paragraph.
 
     Conditions to the Distribution
 
     The obligations of UST and Spinco to consummate the Distribution are
subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions: (i) the
recapitalization of Spinco shall have been completed substantially as
described in the Distribution Agreement; (ii) each of the Contribution
Agreement, the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation
Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by each of the parties
thereto, and the Contribution Asset Transfers shall have been consummated;
(iv) all of the Distribution Asset Transfers shall have been successfully
consummated; (v) each condition to the Closing of the Merger Agreement, other
than the condition requiring the satisfaction of conditions contained in the
Distribution Agreement, shall have been fulfilled; (vi) the Distribution shall
have been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of UST Common Stock
entitled to cast at least two-thirds (or 66-2/3%) of the total number of votes
entitled to be cast; (vii) any registration statement filed by Spinco with the
Commission in connection with the issuance of Spinco Common Stock in the
Distribution shall have become effective, and shall not be the subject of any
stop order or proceeding by the Commission seeking a stop order; (viii) the
shares of Spinco Common Stock to be issued in the Distribution shall have
designated as a national market system security on the interdealer quotation
system by the NASD; (ix) all necessary consents or expirations of waiting
periods imposed by any governmental authority shall have been obtained or
shall have occurred; and (x) no temporary restraining order, preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the Distribution shall be in effect.
 
     Amendment
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that UST and the Company may modify
or amend the Distribution Agreement by written agreement, subject to the
consent of Chase.
 
Terms of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement
 
     Indemnification by Spinco
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Spinco will agree that,
from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless Chase,
UST and USTNY (collectively, the "Chase Parties") and their respective
directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and assigns, as applicable,
against any and all losses, as incurred, for or on account of or arising from:
(a) any breach of or any inaccuracy in any
 
                                      58
<PAGE>
 
representation or warranty of any of Spinco, New Trustco (collectively, the
"New UST Parties"), UST, USTNY and their subsidiaries contained in the Merger
Agreement or any of the Distribution Documents; (b) any breach or
nonperformance of any covenant of (i) the New UST Parties or any of their
subsidiaries contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution Documents
whether to be performed before or after the Effective Time or (ii) UST or
USTNY or any of their subsidiaries contained in the Distribution Documents to
be performed prior to the Effective Time; (c) any Spinco Asset or Spinco
Liability; (d) any Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability; (e) any regulatory or
compliance violation that arises out of events, actions or omissions to act of
UST or USTNY occurring prior to the Effective Time and adversely affects a
customer account or any entity that has an interest in such customer account;
(f) except for the Chase Liabilities and the MF Service Company Retained
Liabilities, and actions relating to the Processing Business, claims of any
shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of UST and its
subsidiaries arising from the execution by UST or USTNY of the Merger
Agreement or the Distribution Documents and the consummation after the
Effective Time of transactions in accordance with the terms of such documents;
(g) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact
contained in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
hereto, or any omission or alleged omission to state herein a material fact
required to be stated herein or necessary to make the statements herein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; but
only in each case to the extent based upon information with respect to the New
UST Parties, furnished in writing by or on behalf of the New UST Parties, or
at any time prior to the Effective Time, UST or USTNY, expressly for use in
this Proxy Statement-Prospectus or any amendment or supplement hereto; and (h)
any liability arising (i) from a claim to enforce, or to recover tort
liability arising out of, any Federal, state or local law, rule or regulation
relating to the protection of the environment with respect to any facility,
site, location or business (whether past or present and whether active or
inactive) owned, operated or leased by UST or USTNY or any of their
subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time and (ii) as a result of conditions
existing during or prior to the period of time such facility, site, location
or business was owned, operated or leased by UST or USTNY or any of their
subsidiaries.
 
     Indemnification by New Trustco
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, New Trustco will agree
that, from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless
the Chase Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees,
affiliates, agents and assigns, as applicable, against any and all losses, as
incurred, for or on account of or arising from: (a) any breach of or any
inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of New Trustco or USTNY and their
subsidiaries contained in the Merger Agreement or any of the Distribution
Documents; (b) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of (i) New Trustco
contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution Documents whether to be
performed before or after the Effective Time or (ii) USTNY contained in the
Merger Agreement or the Distribution Documents to be performed prior to the
Effective Time; (c) any Contribution Asset or Contribution Liability; (d) any
Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability; (e) any regulatory or compliance violation
that arises out of events, actions or omissions to act of USTNY occurring
prior to the Effective Time and adversely affects a customer account or any
entity with an interest in such customer account; and (f) any liability
arising (i) from a claim to enforce, or to recover tort liability arising out
of, any Federal, state or local law, rule or regulation relating to the
protection of the environment with respect to any facility, site, location or
business (whether past or present and whether active or inactive) owned,
operated or leased by USTNY prior to the Effective Time and (ii) as a result
of conditions existing during or prior to the period of time such facility,
site, location or business was owned, operated or leased by USTNY.
 
     Indemnification by Chase
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Chase will agree that,
from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless the New
UST Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, and assigns, as applicable, from any and all losses, as incurred, for
or on account of or arising from: (a) any breach of or inaccuracy in any
representation or warranty of Chase contained in the Merger Agreement or any
of the Distribution Documents; (b) any breach or nonperformance of any
covenant of (i) Chase contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution
Documents whether to be performed
 
                                      59
<PAGE>
 
before or after the Effective Time or (ii) UST or USTNY or any of their
subsidiaries contained in the Documents to be performed after the Effective
Time; (c) except for losses as to which any of the Chase Parties are entitled
to indemnification, any Chase Asset, any Chase Liability or any MF Service
Company Retained Liability; and (d) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of any material fact contained in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement hereto, or any omission or alleged omission to
state herein a material fact required to be stated herein or necessary to make
the statements herein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; but only in each case to the extent based upon
information with respect to the Chase Parties furnished in writing by or on
behalf of Chase or, at any time after the Effective Time, UST or USTNY,
expressly for use in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement hereto.
 
     Indemnification by USTNY
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, USTNY will agree that,
from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless the New
UST Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, and assigns, as applicable, from any and all losses, as incurred, for
or on account of or arising from: (a) any breach or nonperformance of any
covenant of USTNY contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution
Documents to be performed after the Effective Time; and (b) except for losses
as to which any of the Chase Parties are entitled to indemnification, any
Chase Asset or any Chase Liability.
 
     Termination and Limitation on Indemnification
 
     The Post Closing Covenants Agreement provides that each party's
obligation to indemnify and hold harmless any other party will terminate,
subject to certain limited exceptions, (a) in the case of indemnification with
respect to the breach of any representation and warranty by any party, two
years from the Closing Date and (b) in the case of indemnification with
respect to regulatory compliance, one year from the Closing Date. The other
indemnification provisions do not terminate.
 
     The Post Closing Covenants Agreement also provides that, notwithstanding
any of its other provisions, neither the New UST Parties nor Chase or USTNY
will be obligated to indemnify any party unless the aggregate amount of all
losses relating to such liability exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount
equal to $500,000 (the "Deductible Amount"), and then only to the extent of
any such excess; provided, that any loss arising from a single indemnification
claim in an amount greater than $50,000 will not be subject to such limitation
and will be excluded from the determination of the Deductible Amount. In
addition, amounts to be indemnified pursuant to certain provisions of the
Contribution Agreement and certain provisions of the Distribution Agreement
are not subject to such limitation.
 
     Minimum Net Worth
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Spinco will agree that,
until the later of (a) three years from the date thereof or (b) the date when
the applicable statutes of limitations with respect to all Federal income tax
liabilities of UST for periods ending prior to or on the Closing Date have
run, it will (i) as of any date of determination, maintain consolidated
shareholders' equity of not less than the lesser of (x) $150 million and (y)
the greater of (1) 95% of the consolidated shareholders equity of Spinco at
January 1, 1996, and (2) the sum of (A) $135 million plus, (B) on and after
January 1, 1997, the product of (I) $7.5 million multiplied by (II) the number
of the most recent preceding anniversary of December 31, 1995, and (ii) be a
"well capitalized" bank holding company within the meaning of the regulations
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (as in effect on the
date of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement); except that, so long as
Spinco's Tier 1 capital leverage ratio is 4.5% or above, Spinco will not be
deemed to be less than "well capitalized" solely because its Tier 1 capital
leverage ratio is less than 5%; provided, however, that on or before September
30, 1995, the denominator used in determining Spinco's Tier 1 capital leverage
ratio will be the book value of the average total consolidated assets (net of
the allowance for loan losses) of Spinco following the Distribution.
 
                                      60
<PAGE>
 
     Spinco's Noncompetition Agreement
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Spinco will agree that,
subject to certain exceptions relating to acquisitions and the conduct of the
asset management, private banking, special fiduciary and corporate trust
businesses by Spinco, until the fourth anniversary of the Effective Time,
neither Spinco nor any subsidiary or affiliate of Spinco will engage in the
Processing Business in the United States or Canada, or own, manage, operate,
control or have an interest greater than 5% of the voting stock or 25% of the
total equity in any enterprise which engages, directly or indirectly, in the
Processing Business in the United States or Canada.
 
     Spinco will also agree that until the third anniversary of the Effective
Time, it will not solicit for employment certain specified employees to be
retained by the Chase Parties or disclose or make use of certain confidential
information related to the Chase Acquired Business.
 
     The noncompetition terms provide that in the event that upon the
acquisition of Spinco or New Trustco by certain unaffiliated parties, Spinco
and New Trustco will cease to be bound by the noncompetition provisions of the
Post Closing Covenants Agreement, and upon six months notice by Chase, Chase
may treat such acquisition as a termination of the Services Agreement by New
Trustco and cease providing services under the Services Agreement on or after
six months thereafter.
 
     For further discussion of the noncompetition terms of the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement, see "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement -- The Company's Noncompetition Agreement" in the
Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto. Stockholders are urged to
read the Information Statement in its entirety.
 
Terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement
 
     Prior to the Time of Distribution, Chase, UST and Spinco will enter into
a Tax Allocation Agreement which sets forth each party's rights and
obligations with respect to payments and refunds, if any, of Federal, state,
local or foreign taxes for periods before and after the Distribution and
related matters such as the filing of tax returns and the conduct of the
claims made by the Service and other taxing authorities.
 
     In general, under the Tax Allocation Agreement, Spinco will be
responsible for taxes imposed on UST or any of its subsidiaries with respect
to a tax period ending on or before the Effective Time.
 
                   EFFECT OF TRANSACTIONS ON UST EMPLOYEES
                            AND UST BENEFIT PLANS
 
Transfer of Employment
 
     Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, each person who is an employee of
USTNY or any of its affiliates immediately before the Closing will become an
employee of New Trustco, or any affiliate of New Trustco designated by it,
effective as of the Closing, except for any such person employed in the Chase
Acquired Business who, in accordance with the provisions of the Merger
Agreement, has received an offer from Chase to be retained in employment with
the Chase Acquired Business after the Merger and who has accepted such offer.
 
     Chase has offered such continuing employment to approximately 1,120
persons presently employed by USTNY or its affiliates in the Chase Acquired
Business. Any person who accepts such offer of continuing employment is
hereinafter referred to as a "Retained Employee".
 
     Each present executive officer of UST will become an executive officer of
Spinco at the Time of Distribution except for Donald M. Roberts, a Vice
Chairman and Treasurer of UST, and Frederick S. Wonham, a Vice Chairman of
UST, each of whom will be retiring effective as of the Closing Date. See "The
Merger -- Interests of Certain Persons in the Transactions".
 
                                      61
<PAGE>
 
Transfer of Plans
 
     The Merger Agreement provides that before the Effective Time, in
connection with the Asset Transfers, UST and USTNY will transfer to Spinco and
to New Trustco, respectively, each employee benefit and executive compensation
plan maintained by it other than any Retained Plan (as defined under
"-- Retained Plans" below) and, in the case of USTNY, the Transition Bonus
Program (as defined under "-- Transition Bonus Program" below). The Merger
Agreement also provides that Spinco and New Trustco will assume and become
solely responsible for all liabilities and obligations of UST and USTNY,
respectively, under each of the plans so transferred to it. The plans to be so
transferred (the "Transferred Plans") include those described below, which
will be maintained by either Spinco or New Trustco.
 
     Plans maintained by UST that will be transferred to Spinco include the
following plans: 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation, other
than the provisions thereof relating to stock options; 1988 Long-Term
Performance Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation; Long-Term Performance Plan of U.S.
Trust Corporation; Benefit Equalization Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation;
Supplemental Pension Agreements between U.S. Trust Corporation and Messrs.
Schwarz, Maurer, Roberts, Taylor, Wonham and Abramowitz; Board Members'
Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation; Board Members'
Retirement Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation; U.S. Trust Corporation Stock Plan
for Non-Officer Directors; Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation; U.S. Trust Corporation Benefits Protection Trust I; and U.S.
Trust Corporation Benefits Protection Trust II.
 
     Plans maintained by USTNY that will be transferred to New Trustco include
the following plans: 401(k) Plan and ESOP of United States Trust Company of
New York and Affiliated Companies; Employee's Retirement Plan of United States
Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies; United States Trust
Company of New York and Affiliated Companies 1981 Stock Option Plan; Incentive
Award Plan of United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated
Companies; 1990 Annual Incentive Plan of United States Trust Company of New
York and Affiliated Companies; United States Trust Company of New York and
Affiliated Companies Executives' Benefits Protection Trust; 1990 Change in
Control and Severance Policy for Top Tier Officers of United States Trust
Company of New York and Affiliated Companies; 1990 Change in Control and
Severance Policy for Officers and Employees of United States Trust Company of
New York and Affiliated Companies; Employee's Health Benefits Plan of The
United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies; Employees'
Dental Insurance Plan of The United States Trust Company of New York and
Affiliated Companies; Employee's Flexible Spending Plan of The United States
Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies; Employee's Short-Term
Disability Plan of The United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated
Companies; and Employee's Long-Term Disability Plan of The United States Trust
Company of New York and Affiliated Companies.
 
     For a discussion of changes that will be made in certain of the
Transferred Plans effective after the Distribution and the Merger, see
"Executive Compensation Plans in Effect after the Distribution" in the
Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
Retained Plans
 
     The plans maintained by UST and USTNY that will not be transferred to
Spinco or New Trustco (the "Retained Plans") are the following: all provisions
of the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation relating to
stock options (the "1989 Option Plan"), the U.S. Trust Corporation Stock
Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "Directors Option Plan"), the
United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies 1986 Stock
Option Plan (the "1986 Option Plan"), the United States Trust Company of New
York and Affiliated Companies 1981 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "1981
Option Plan"), and the AIP. The 1989 Option Plan, the Directors Option Plan,
the 1986 Option Plan, and the 1981 Option Plan are hereinafter collectively
referred to as the "UST Option Plans".
 
                                      62
<PAGE>
 
     With respect to all options granted under the UST Option Plans other than
any incentive stock options granted before October 27, 1987 under the 1986
Option Plan and the 1981 Option Plan (the "Pre-1987 ISO's"), the Merger will
be treated as the occurrence of a "change in control" of UST, as defined in
the UST Option Plans, with the following consequences:
 
          (a) any option granted under the 1989 Option Plan that had not
     previously become vested will become vested, and the holder thereof will
     be entitled to exercise such option immediately before the Effective Time
     with respect to any or all of the shares of UST Common Stock then subject
     to the option;
 
          (b) each option granted under each of the UST Stock Option Plans, to
     the extent it has not expired or has not been exercised or cancelled
     prior to the Effective Time, will be cancelled as of the Effective Time;
     and
 
          (c) with respect to each option so cancelled other than any Pre-1987
     ISO's, the holder thereof will be entitled to receive a lump-sum cash
     payment in an amount equal to the excess of (i) the Determined Value (as
     defined below) of the shares of UST Common Stock subject to the option,
     over (ii) the aggregate exercise price for such shares. The amount so
     payable with respect to each such option, less the amount of taxes
     required to be withheld on such amount, will be paid to the holder of
     such option at the Effective Time, or as soon thereafter as practicable.
     UST currently estimates that the aggregate amount of such payments will
     be $39.1 million. See note (1) to "Notes to Pro Forma Condensed Financial
     Statements" in the Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
     As provided in the UST Option Plans, the "Determined Value" of the shares
of UST Common Stock subject to any option means the product of (i) the greater
of (A) the highest bid price per share of UST Common Stock during the 12-month
period ending on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, or (B) the
Transaction Value per share of UST Common Stock, multiplied by (ii) the number
of shares of UST Common Stock subject to such option. For purposes of the
foregoing, the "Transaction Value" per share of UST Common Stock shall mean
the sum of (x) the product of the Conversion Number of shares of Chase Common
Stock, multiplied by the Average Value of Chase Common Stock, and (y) the
amount representing the 10-day average of the daily average of the high bid
and low asked prices for a share of Spinco Common Stock in the
over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau
Incorporated on a "when-issued" basis on each of the 10 trading days
immediately preceding the Closing Date.
 
     The 1981 Option Plan will be terminated as of the Effective Time. Each of
the other UST Option Plans will be terminated as soon as all payments required
to be made with respect to outstanding options thereunder have been made to
the holders of such options.
 
     The Merger also will be treated as a "change in control" of UST (as
defined in the AIP) for purposes of the AIP. Accordingly, as provided in the
AIP, the entire unpaid balance of each participant's account under the AIP
will become payable in full at the Effective Time. The amount so payable, less
the amount of any taxes required to be withheld on such amount, will be paid
to the participant at the Effective Time or as soon thereafter as practicable.
The AIP will be terminated as soon as such payments have been made to all
participants.
 
     See "The Merger -- Interests of Certain Persons in the Transactions" for
a discussion of the effect of these provisions of the Retained Plans on UST's
executive officers and members of the UST Board.
 
Severance Arrangements
 
     UST anticipates that as a result of the reduced need for personnel in
back office, operational support, and corporate staff areas following the
disposition of the Chase Acquired Business, approximately 150 staff positions
in these areas will be eliminated. New Trustco will provide special severance
benefits to each full-time employee whose employment with New Trustco and its
affiliates is involuntarily terminated within one year following the Closing
Date.
 
     Each employee so terminated will receive (a) a lump-sum cash payment in
an amount equal to the sum of (i) 4% of annual base salary for each year of
service with UST and New Trustco, plus (ii) an amount equal
 
                                      63
<PAGE>
 
to two weeks' to one year's base salary depending on the position held by the
employee with New Trustco at the time of termination and, in the case of
non-officer employees, the employee's length of service with UST and New
Trustco (the "Severance Benefit Payment"), (b) professional outplacement
counselling services; (c) continuation of coverage under the medical, dental,
life insurance and disability plans that will be transferred by USTNY to and
maintained by New Trustco, for a period of 3 months to one year following
termination, depending on the position held by the employee with New Trustco
at the time of termination; (d) in the case of each employee so terminated
whose age and years of service total 70 or more, an enhanced pension benefit
under the Retirement Plan, which will be transferred by USTNY to and
maintained by New Trustco, in an amount equal to the excess of (i) the
additional pension that would be payable to the employee under the Retirement
Plan if 5 years were added to the employee's age and years of service, over
(ii) the additional pension that would be payable to the employee under the
Retirement Plan if he or she were entitled thereunder to receive an additional
pension in an amount that is actuarially equivalent to the amount of the
portion of the Severance Benefit Payment payable to the employee that is
described in (a)(i) above, after adjustment for taxes payable on such amount
(the "Enhanced Pension Benefit"); and (e) if the employee's age and years of
service total 70 or more and he or she has had at least 10 years of service,
post-retirement medical coverage under the medical plan that will be
transferred by USTNY to, and maintained by, New Trustco.
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Chase has agreed to provide special
severance benefits to any Retained Employee whose employment with Chase and
its affiliates is "involuntarily terminated", as defined in the Merger
Agreement, within 2 years following the Closing Date. The benefits so provided
will include (a) a severance payment in an amount determined in the same
manner as the Severance Benefit Payment described above based on the Retained
Employee's base salary and position with UST immediately prior to the Closing,
and on the Retained Employee's years of service with UST; (b) professional
outplacement counselling service; and (c) continuation of coverage under the
medical, dental, life insurance and disability plans maintained by Chase and
its affiliates for their employees, for a period of 3 months to one year
following termination, depending on the position held by the Retained Employee
with UST.
 
     In addition, in the case of any Retained Employee so terminated whose age
and years of service with UST immediately prior to the Closing Date total 70
or more, New Trustco will provide such Retained Employee, under the Retirement
Plan, with the Enhanced Pension Benefit described above, determined on the
basis of the Retained Employee's salary, age and years of service with UST at
the Closing Date. New Trustco will also provide any Retained Employee so
terminated whose age and years of service with UST immediately prior to the
Closing Date total 70 or more and who has had at least 10 years of service
with UST, post-retirement medical coverage under the medical plan that will be
transferred by USTNY to, and maintained by, New Trustco.
 
     The Retirement Plan will be amended to provide that, in the case of each
Retained Employee who has attained age 45 and has had at least 15 years of
service with UST prior to the Closing Date, and who remains employed with
Chase or any of its affiliates for more than 2 years following the Closing
Date, such Retained Employee's period of service with Chase and its affiliates
will be treated as an additional period of service with UST for purposes of
determining whether the Retained Employee has met the Retirement Plan's "Rule
of 80" requirement for eligibility to receive early retirement benefits.
 
     See "Interests of Certain Persons in the Transactions" above for a
description of the separation benefits arrangements with Messrs. Roberts and
Wonham in connection with their retirement from UST effective as of the
Closing Date.
 
Transition Bonus Program
 
     As provided in the Merger Agreement, USTNY and its affiliates have
adopted a program (the "Transition Bonus Program") under which certain
designated employees in positions associated with the conduct of the Chase
Acquired Business will be paid bonuses, in amounts ranging from 3 months' to
one year's base salary, if they become Retained Employees and complete
specified periods of service, ranging from 30 to 90 days, with Chase or its
affiliates following the Merger.
 
                                      64
<PAGE>
 
     A total of 635 UST employees were designated as eligible for
participation in the Transition Bonus Program. Of this total, 10 employees
have not been offered continuing employment with Chase as of January 1, 1995,
and therefore will not become Retained Employees. Nevertheless, such employees
will be entitled to receive their bonus under the Program if they complete an
agreed-upon period of service with New Trustco following the Merger.
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Chase has agreed to bear a portion of
the cost of the bonuses paid to Retained Employees under the Transition Bonus
Program.
 
     UST presently estimates that its costs for severance and related benefits
and for Transition Bonus Program payments will be approximately $12.7 million
and $8.4 million, respectively, or approximately $21.1 million in the
aggregate. However, the ultimate level of these costs will not be precisely
determinable until the Closing Date. The aggregate amount of these costs may
range from approximately $21.1 million to approximately $24 million. See notes
(e) and (l) to "Notes to Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements" in the
Information Statement attached as Appendix H hereto.
 
                           RELATIONSHIP WITH CHASE
 
     Following the Merger, Spinco will continue to have certain relationships
with Chase and its subsidiaries.
 
Post Closing Covenants Agreement; Tax Allocation Agreement
 
     In the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation Agreement,
Chase, UST and USTNY, on the one hand, and Spinco and New Trustco, on the
other hand, will agree to indemnify each other after the Distribution with
respect to certain losses, damages, claims and liabilities arising primarily
from the conduct of the Chase Acquired Business, as well as certain tax
liabilities. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants
Agreement" and "-- Terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement". In addition, Spinco
has agreed, pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement not to engage in,
or compete with Chase with respect to, the Chase Acquired Business, subject to
certain limited exceptions, for a period of four years after the Effective
Time . See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants
Agreement -- Spinco's Noncompetition Agreement".
 
Services Agreement
 
     In the Merger, Chase will acquire the Related Back Office, which includes
software and hardware necessary to conduct the Chase Acquired Business.
Certain core software, principally software to operate the Asset Management
System, will be transferred to New Trustco and licensed by New Trustco to
USTNY on a perpetual nonexclusive basis. Although the Related Back Office
primarily serves the Processing Business, it also provides necessary services
to the Core Businesses, all of which will be transferred to New Trustco and
its affiliates pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. Accordingly, prior to
the Time of Distribution, New Trustco and USTNY will enter into the Services
Agreement.
 
     Pursuant to the Services Agreement, USTNY will agree to furnish necessary
securities processing, custodial, data processing and other services (the
"Back Office Services"), at agreed upon service levels, to New Trustco and its
affiliates. The Services Agreement will be in a form, and on terms, agreed to
by UST and Chase on or before February 28, 1995, substantially in accordance
with the terms of the Services Agreement Term Sheet entered into on November
18, 1994, between UST and Chase. In the Bank Merger, CMB will acquire the
rights, and assume the obligations, of USTNY under the Services Agreement.
 
     The parties intend that the Back Office Services furnished to New Trustco
and its affiliates under the Services Agreement will include all of the
functions that are currently performed by the Related Back Office, as well as
certain bank processing services, such as loan processing services, deposit
and check processing services (the "Bank Processing Services"). The Back
Office Services may be modified to reflect reasonable evolution or change in
the business of New Trustco and its affiliates. The Back Office Services will
not include any broker dealer services, securities industry banking services
or back-up servicing.
 
                                      65
<PAGE>
 
     Under the Services Agreement, CMB will provide the Back Office Services
to New Trustco for an initial term of five years beginning on the Closing
Date. With CMB's consent (which CMB may withhold in its sole discretion), New
Trustco may extend the initial term of the Services Agreement for an
additional five years. If CMB withholds such consent, New Trustco may in any
case extend the term of the Services Agreement for an additional two years.
 
     In consideration of the Back Office Services provided to it under the
Services Agreement, during the initial term, New Trustco will pay to CMB an
annual base fee of $10 million, which is significantly less than New Trustco's
estimate of the annual cost of providing such services itself. The annual base
fee for any additional term after the initial term will be an amount equal to
110% of the total fees paid by New Trustco in the fifth year of the initial
term.
 
     The annual base fee will cover all Back Office Services required by
normal growth of New Trustco and its affiliates, and will include, as well,
certain base levels of systems development and maintenance resources. CMB will
charge New Trustco at rates discounted from CMB's prevailing rates for similar
institutional business for any incremental Back Office Services attributable
to additional growth, evolution in the business of New Trustco and its
affiliates, and certain other new business.
 
     CMB may assign the Bank Processing Services or other data center services
provided under the Services Agreement to a third party, without New Trustco's
consent, provided the third party will also be providing such services to CMB.
CMB may not assign the remaining services to a third party, although it may
sell or transfer responsibility for the Back Office Services together with the
sale or transfer of the Chase business unit providing such Back Office
Services. New Trustco will not have the right to assign the Services Agreement
without CMB's consent.
 
     Either party may terminate the Services Agreement upon a material breach
by the other which has not been cured within 30 days after the expiration of a
15-day informal dispute resolution process initiated by the nonbreaching
party. Either party may terminate in the event that the other party becomes
insolvent or bankrupt or undergoes a change in control.
 
     New Trustco may terminate the Services Agreement for any reason effective
after the end of the first year by giving six months' advance notice. In the
event of such a termination, New Trustco will pay CMB a termination fee of
$2.5 million dollars, which fee will be reduced incrementally over the term of
the Services Agreement.
 
     In the event of any termination or expiration of the Services Agreement
(including termination due to any material breach by New Trustco), the
Services Agreement will obligate CMB to provide for up to one year (six months
in the case of a change in control) after the termination or expiration, in
consideration of fees in amounts to be negotiated, reasonably requested
termination assistance to facilitate a smooth transition of the responsibility
for the performance of the Back Office Services to New Trustco or its
designee.
 
                   CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
 
Consequences of the Distribution
 
     UST has requested the Private Letter Ruling from the Service
substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Distribution will
qualify as tax-free to UST and its stockholders under Section 355 of the Code
and that the Asset Transfers involved in the Internal Reorganization will not
be taxable transactions. Receipt of the Private Letter Ruling reasonably
satisfactory to each of UST and Chase is a condition to the respective
obligations of UST and Chase to consummate the Merger. See "The
Merger -- Conditions." Assuming that the Private Letter Ruling is received,
the following is a summary of the material Federal income tax consequences of
the Distribution:
 
          1. A UST stockholder will not recognize any income, gain or loss as
     a result of the Distribution.
 
                                      66
<PAGE>
 
          2. A UST stockholder will apportion the tax basis of his or her UST
     Common Stock between such UST Common Stock and Spinco Common Stock
     received in the distribution in proportion to the relative fair market
     values of such UST Common Stock and Spinco Common Stock on the
     Distribution Date.
 
          3. A UST stockholder's holding period for the Spinco Common Stock
     received in the Distribution will include the period during which such
     stockholder held the UST Common Stock with respect to which the
     Distribution was made, provided that such UST Common Stock is held as a
     capital asset by such stockholder as of the Time of Distribution.
 
          4. No gain or loss will be recognized to UST as a result of the
     Distribution.
 
     Current Treasury regulations require each UST stockholder who receives
Spinco Common Stock pursuant to the Distribution to attach to his or her
federal income tax return for the year in which the Distribution occurs a
detailed statement setting forth such data as may be appropriate in order to
show the applicability of Section 355 of the Code to the Distribution. UST (or
Spinco on its behalf) will convey the appropriate information to each UST
stockholder of record as of the Distribution Record Date.
 
Consequences of the Merger
 
     UST has requested the Private Letter Ruling from the Service
substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Merger will qualify
as a tax-free transaction to UST and its stockholders under Section 368(a) of
the Code. Receipt of opinions of counsel to that effect is a condition to the
respective obligations of UST and Chase to consummate the Merger, whether or
not the Service grants the Private Letter Ruling. See "The
Merger -- Conditions". The following is a summary of the material Federal
income tax consequences of the Merger:
 
          1. The Merger will be treated for Federal income tax purposes as a
     reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
 
          2. No gain or loss will be recognized by UST as a result of the
     Merger.
 
          3. No gain or loss will be recognized by UST stockholders upon the
     receipt of Chase Common Stock in exchange for UST Common Stock pursuant
     to the Merger, except that holders of UST Common Stock who receive cash
     upon exercise of any available dissenters' rights or cash in lieu of
     fractional shares will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
     between such cash and the tax basis in their shares subject to
     dissenters' rights or the tax basis allocated to their fractional shares
     of UST Common Stock, and such gain or loss will constitute capital gain
     or loss if such UST Common Stock is held as a capital asset.
 
          4. The tax basis of the Chase Common Stock received by UST
     stockholders who exchange their UST Common Stock for Chase Common Stock
     in the Merger will be the same as the tax basis of UST Common Stock
     surrendered in exchange therefor.
 
          5. The holding period for the shares of Chase Common Stock received
     in the Merger will include the period during which the shares of UST
     Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor were held, provided that
     such shares of UST Common Stock were held as capital assets at the
     Effective Time.
 
     It is possible that, as a result of the Merger, certain New York state
and local real property transfer and real estate transfer gains taxes (the
"Transfer Taxes") will be imposed on UST stockholders. UST (or Spinco on UST's
behalf) will pay all such Transfer Taxes, if any, directly to state and local
taxing authorities on behalf of all UST stockholders. Any such payments by UST
made on behalf of UST stockholders would result in dividend income to each UST
stockholder, to the extent of UST's current and accumulated earnings and
profits, as determined for Federal income tax purposes. The amount of such
dividend income attributable to each share of UST Common Stock cannot be
calculated at this time but is not expected to be material. UST will be
required to report any such dividend income to the Service if the aggregate
amount of all dividends received by a UST stockholder in the relevant year
(including dividends attributable to UST's payment of the Transfer Taxes) is
$10 or more. UST will notify each stockholder of the amount of all dividends
attributable to such stockholder on a Form 1099-DIV which will be mailed to
such stockholder at a later date.
 
                                      67
<PAGE>
 
     It is a condition to the consummation of both the Distribution and the
Merger that the Private Letter Ruling, in form reasonably satisfactory to each
of UST and Chase, be obtained from the Service which affirms that the
Distribution and the Asset Transfers will be tax-free. Each of UST and Chase
has indicated that it will not waive the condition to the Merger requiring
receipt of the Private Letter Ruling. Consequently, UST will not proceed with
either the Distribution or the Merger if the Private Letter Ruling is not
obtained.
 
     The foregoing summary sets forth the material Federal income tax
consequences of the Distribution and the Merger and is included herein for
general information only. To the extent the foregoing summary sets forth
conclusions of law, such conclusions represent the opinion of Cravath, Swaine
& Moore, counsel to UST. Such opinion is based in part on representations
provided by UST and Chase. The summary does not address the Federal income tax
consequences to all categories of UST stockholders, including those who
acquired shares of UST Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options
or otherwise as compensation. EACH UST STOCKHOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT HIS OR
HER TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HIM OR HER OF THE
DISTRIBUTION AND THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF STATE,
LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS.
 
                    DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF CHASE
 
     The following description of certain terms of the capital stock of Chase
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the Chase Form 10. See "Available Information".
 
Chase Common Stock
 
     Under the Chase Certificate of Incorporation, Chase is authorized to
issue 500,000,000 shares of Chase Common Stock. At September 30, 1994,
181,289,886 shares of Chase Common Stock were outstanding, 19,011,983 shares
of Chase Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Chase Lincoln
First Bank, N.A. 1982 Incentive Stock Plan, The Chase Manhattan 1982 Long-Term
Incentive Plan, The Chase Manhattan 1987 Long-Term Incentive Plan and The
Chase Manhattan 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 3,310,875 shares of Chase
Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to warrants issued in
settlement of a legal action, 14,000,000 shares of Chase Common Stock were
reserved for issuance pursuant to The Chase Manhattan Stock Option Program for
Employees, and 9,596,151 shares of Chase Common Stock were reserved for
issuance pursuant to the Chase's Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase
Plan.
 
     Holders of shares of Chase Common Stock are entitled to one vote per
share and, subject to the rights, if any, of holders of shares of the
outstanding series of Chase Preferred Stock (as defined below), have equal
rights to participate in dividends when declared and, in the event of
liquidation, in the net assets of Chase available for distribution to
stockholders. See "Description of Capital Stock of Chase -- Chase Preferred
Stock". Chase may not declare any dividends on, or make any payment on account
of the purchase, redemption or other retirement of, Chase Common Stock unless
full cumulative dividends, where applicable, have been paid or declared and
set apart for payment upon all outstanding shares of Chase Preferred Stock and
Chase is not in default or in arrears with respect to any sinking or other
analogous fund or any call for tender obligations, or any other agreement for
the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any shares of Chase Preferred
Stock. Holders of shares of Chase Common Stock do not have redemption or
sinking fund rights, and, none of the holders of shares of Chase Common Stock
is entitled to preemptive rights or preferential rights to subscribe for
shares of Chase Common Stock or any other securities of Chase, except for
certain Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights that are attached
to each share of Chase Common Stock, which are exercisable or transferable
separately from shares of Chase Common Stock only upon the occurrence of
certain events including the acquisition by a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Chase Common
Stock. See "Description of Capital Stock of Chase -- Description of Chase
Rights Plan". Shares of Chase Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable;
however, Federal law (12 U.S.C. 55) provides for the enforcement of any pro
rata assessment of stockholders of a national bank to cover impairment of
capital by sale, to the extent necessary, of the stock of any assessed
stockholder failing to pay his assessment, and Chase, as the stockholder of
CMB and other
 
                                      68
<PAGE>
 
national banking subsidiaries, is subject to such assessment and sale. The
shares of Chase Common Stock are listed on the NYSE. The transfer agent and
registrar for the Chase Common Stock is Mellon Securities Trust Company.
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation includes a "fair price provision"
that would require a 75% stockholder vote for approval of certain business
combinations, including certain mergers, asset sales, security issuances,
recapitalization and liquidations, involving Chase or its subsidiaries and
certain acquiring persons (namely, a person, entity or specified group which
beneficially owns more than 10% of the voting stock of Chase), unless the
"fair price" and other procedural requirements of the provision are met, or
unless approved by a majority of directors who are not affiliated with the
acquiring party. This provision includes a requirement of a 75% stockholder
vote to amend or repeal it. The Chase Certificate of Incorporation also
provides for classification of the Chase Board into three classes and includes
related provisions requiring (i) advance notice of stockholder nominations of
directors, (ii) limitations on filling newly created directorships and
vacancies, (iii) removal of directors only for cause and by vote of the
holders of at least 75% of the shares entitled to vote, (iv) a limitation on
action by written consent of holders of Chase Common Stock other than at a
meeting of stockholders and, (v) a requirement of a 75% stockholder vote to
amend or repeal such provisions.
 
Chase Preferred Stock
 
     Under the Chase Certificate of Incorporation, Chase is authorized to
issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value ("Chase
Preferred Stock"), in one or more series, with such voting powers, full or
limited but not to exceed one vote per share, or without voting powers and
with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or
other voting rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof,
as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions of the Chase
Board providing for the issue thereof.
 
     At September 30, 1994, there were 56,000,000 shares of Chase Preferred
Stock outstanding and having an aggregate stated value of approximately
$1,400,000,000. The currently outstanding series of Chase Preferred Stock that
have been designated as Chase Preferred Stock are: Preferred Stock, 10 1/2%
Series G, with a stated value of $25 per share, Preferred Stock, 9.76% Series
H, with a stated value of $25 per share, Preferred Stock, 10.84% Series I,
with a stated value of $25 per share, Preferred Stock, 9.08% Series J, with a
stated value of $25 per share, Preferred Stock, 8 1/2% Series K, with a stated
value of $25 per share, Preferred Stock, 8.32% Series L, with a stated value
of $25 per share, Preferred Stock, 8.40% Series M, with a stated value of $25
per share, and Preferred Stock, Adjustable Rate Series N, with a stated value
of $25 per share. Chase Preferred Stock ranks senior to Chase's authorized but
unissued Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
 
     Holders of shares of Chase Preferred Stock generally have only contingent
voting rights with respect to the election of directors. In the event of
liquidation, before any distribution to the holders of Chase Common Stock, the
holders of the shares of each outstanding series of Chase Preferred Stock
generally are entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value of such
shares, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. At September 30, 1994, such
preferential amounts were approximately $1.4 billion in the aggregate,
exclusive of any dividend accruals.
 
Description of Chase Rights Plan
 
     The following description of certain terms of the "Chase Rights Plan"
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the Rights Agreement, a copy of which was filed as an Exhibit to Chase's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, and is
incorporated herein by reference.
 
     Pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 15, 1989, there is
attached to each share of Chase Common Stock one Junior Participating
Preferred Stock Purchase Right (a "Right"). Each Right entitles the holder to
buy from Chase one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Participating Preferred
Stock at an exercise price of $125, subject to adjustment.
 
                                      69
<PAGE>
 
     The Rights will expire on February 27, 1999, unless redeemed earlier and
will not be exercisable or transferable separately from the shares of Chase
Common Stock to which they are attached until the earlier of (i) 10 days
following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons (an "Acquiring Person") has acquired beneficial ownership
of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Chase Common Stock (the "Stock
Acquisition Date") or (ii) 10 business days following a public announcement of
the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in the
offeror beneficially owning 25% or more of the outstanding shares of Chase
Common Stock.
 
     The Rights are redeemable, for cash or other consideration deemed
appropriate by the Chase Board, at $0.01 per Right, subject to adjustment, at
any time prior to 10 days after the Stock Acquisition Date, which redemption
period may be extended under certain conditions.
 
     In the event that any person becomes an Acquiring Person other than
pursuant to an offer for all shares of Chase Common Stock which independent
directors of Chase determine to be fair to and in the best interests of Chase
and its stockholders (a "Flip-In Event"), each holder of a Right, other than
Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person and certain transferees
(which Rights will be void), will thereafter have the right to acquire, upon
exercise, shares of Chase Common Stock (or, in certain circumstances,
property) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right.
However, Rights will not be exercisable following the occurrence of a Flip-In
Event until such time as the Rights are no longer redeemable by Chase. At any
time after the occurrence of a Flip-In Event, the Chase Board may exchange the
Rights (other than Rights which have become void as described above), in whole
or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Chase Common Stock per Right,
subject to adjustment.
 
     In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i)
Chase is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction in
which Chase is not the surviving corporation (other than a merger which
follows an offer described in the preceding paragraph) or (ii) more than 50%
of Chase's assets or earning power is sold or transferred, each holder of a
Right (except Rights which have become void as set forth above) will
thereafter have the right to acquire, upon exercise, shares of common stock of
the acquiring company having a value equal to two times the exercise price of
the Right. Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof will have no rights
as a stockholder of Chase.
 
     The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects. The Rights will cause
substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire Chase in a
manner which causes the Rights to become discount Rights unless the offer is
conditional on a substantial number of Rights being acquired.
 
                  COMPARISON OF CERTAIN RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
                   CHASE COMMON STOCK AND UST COMMON STOCK
 
     The rights of the holders of Chase Common Stock are governed by the Chase
Certificate of Incorporation and the Chase Bylaws and by the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), while the rights of the holders of UST Common
Stock are governed by UST's certificate of incorporation (the "UST Certificate
of Incorporation") and UST's bylaws (the "UST Bylaws") and by the NYBCL. Upon
consummation of the Merger, the stockholders of UST, a New York corporation,
will become stockholders of Chase, a Delaware corporation. The Chase
Certificate of Incorporation and the Chase Bylaws will remain in effect after
the Merger. Below is a summary of certain differences between the rights of
holders of Chase Common Stock, on the one hand, and UST Common Stock, on the
other, resulting from differences in governing law and the respective Chase
and UST certificates of incorporation and bylaws.
 
     The following summary does not purport to be a complete statement of the
rights of Chase stockholders under the Chase Certificate of Incorporation and
the Chase Bylaws and the DGCL compared with the rights of holders of UST
Common Stock under the UST Certificate of Incorporation and the UST Bylaws and
the NYBCL. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of each of Chase and UST, the DGCL
and the NYBCL.
 
                                      70
<PAGE>
 
Size and Classification of the Board of Directors
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation divides the Chase Board into three
classes of directors, each having staggered three-year terms. However, any
director elected by holders of a class of stock having dividend or liquidation
preferences over the Chase Common Stock is not subject to this provision. The
Chase Bylaws require a minimum of three directors, but the exact number is set
by resolution of the Chase Board. The Chase Board is currently comprised of
eighteen directors.
 
     UST also divides the UST Board into three classes of directors, each
having staggered three-year terms. The UST Board fixes the number of directors
above the minimum number of nine fixed by the UST Bylaws. The UST Board is
currently comprised of twenty-two directors.
 
Stockholder Nominations
 
     The Chase Bylaws, pursuant to authority granted in the Chase Certificate
of Incorporation, permit any stockholder entitled to vote for a director to
nominate director candidates if written notice conforms to the timing and
content requirements established in the Chase Bylaws. The UST Certificate of
Incorporation and UST Bylaws contain no provision permitting nominations of
directors by stockholders.
 
Duties of Directors
 
     Section 717(b) of the NYBCL permits a board of directors to consider, in
transacting its business, but without abrogating any duty owed by the board,
the long-term and short-term effects of an action on the corporation; its
stockholders; the potential growth, development, productivity and
profitability of the corporation; current employees; retired employees and
other beneficiaries of the corporation entitled to receive benefits from the
corporation; customers and creditors of the corporation; and the ability of
the corporation to provide, as a going concern, goods, services, employment
opportunities and other contributions to the communities in which it does
business. The DGCL does not contain a similar provision. Delaware courts have
permitted directors to consider various constituencies provided there exists
some rationally related benefit to the stockholders. The Chase and UST
Certificates of Incorporation and Bylaws do not require specific
considerations that must underlie decisions made by their respective boards of
directors.
 
Removal of Directors
 
     Generally, under Section 141(k) of the DGCL, holders of a majority of
voting shares may remove any director or the entire board of directors with or
without cause. Corporations with a classified board, like Chase, may limit
removal to circumstances in which there is cause. If the holders of a class of
shares may elect one or more directors, their vote, rather than the vote of
all outstanding shares, may remove the director without cause.
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation and the Chase Bylaws provide for
the removal of any director for cause upon a vote of 75% of the outstanding
voting stock or a majority of the directors. This provision is subject to the
rights of holders of certain shares having dividend or liquidation preferences
over Chase Common Stock.
 
     Section 706 of the NYBCL permits stockholders to remove any or all
directors for cause, and, if the certificate of incorporation or bylaws
permits, without cause. In addition, if allowed by the certificate of
incorporation or by a stockholder-approved bylaw, the board of directors may
remove any director for cause. When a class or series of stock is entitled to
elect one or more directors, any director so elected may be removed only by
the applicable vote of that class or series. The state attorney general or
holders of 10% of all outstanding shares may bring legal action to remove a
director for cause.
 
     Any UST director may be removed for cause by vote of the stockholders or
by a majority of all the directors.
 
                                      71
<PAGE>
 
Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies
 
     Under Section 223 of the DGCL, unless the governing documents of a
corporation provide otherwise, a majority vote of the directors then in office
may fill vacancies and newly created directorships, even if the number of
current directors is less than a quorum or only one director remains. If the
directors filling an open slot on the board constitute less than a majority of
the whole board (as measured before an increase in the size of the board), the
Delaware Court of Chancery may, upon application of stockholders holding at
least 10% of the outstanding voting shares, summarily order an election to
fill the open slots or replace directors chosen by the directors then in
office. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or
bylaws, when one or more directors resign effective at a future date, a
majority of directors then in office, including those who have so resigned,
may vote to fill the vacancy.
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation and the Chase Bylaws permit the
majority of directors in office to fill vacancies and newly created
directorships subject to the rights of holders of shares having certain
preferences over the Chase Common Stock. Directors appointed to these vacant
positions remain in office until the term of their class expires.
 
     Under Section 705 of the NYBCL, the board of directors, even if less than
a quorum, may elect persons to newly created directorships and vacancies
occurring for any reason other than removal without cause, unless the
corporation's governing documents require the stockholders to fill such
vacancies. Unless the certificate of incorporation or a stockholder-approved
bylaw provides otherwise, vacancies due to removal without cause must be
filled by a vote of stockholders. A director elected to fill a vacancy, unless
elected by the stockholders, holds office until the next meeting of
stockholders at which the election of directors is in the regular course of
business.
 
     The UST Bylaws provide that newly created directorships resulting from an
increase in the number of directors and by vacancies occurring in the UST
Board for any reason may be filled either by a vote of the stockholders or by
a vote of the majority of the directors then in office, even if such directors
do not constitute a quorum. A director elected to fill a vacancy by a majority
vote of the UST Board shall only hold office until the election of his or her
successor at the stockholder meeting at which the election of directors is in
the regular business.
 
Limitation on Directors' Liability
 
     Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL allows a corporation, through its
certificate of incorporation, to limit or eliminate the personal liability of
directors to the corporation and its stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty. However, this provision excludes any limitation on
liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the
corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith
or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii)
for wilful or negligent violation of the laws governing the payment of
dividends or the purchase or redemption of stock or (iv) for any transaction
from which the director derives an improper personal benefit.
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation eliminates a director's liability
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty to the extent permitted by
Delaware law. Any amendment by the stockholders limiting this provision is
effective only as to acts or omissions by a director occurring after the time
of the amendment.
 
     Under Section 402(b) of the NYBCL, a corporation, through its certificate
of incorporation, may limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors
to the corporation or its stockholders for damages for breach of duty. This
limitation on liability is not available if a judgment or final adjudication
against a director establishes that his or her acts or omissions (i) were in
bad faith, (ii) involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) involved financial profit or other advantage to which the director was
not legally entitled, or (iv) violated the laws regarding the declaration of
dividends, the purchase or redemption of shares, certain payments to
stockholders after dissolution and loans to directors.
 
     The UST Certificate of Incorporation eliminates directors' liability to
the extent permitted by law. Any modification of this provision of the UST
Certificate of Incorporation will not affect any right or protection of a
director with respect to an act or omission occurring before or at the time of
the modification.
 
                                      72
<PAGE>
 
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
 
     Section 145 of the DGCL provides that a corporation may indemnify any
person made a party or threatened to be made a party to any type of proceeding
(other than an action by or in right of the corporation) because he or she is
or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation, against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such
proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation; or in a criminal proceeding, if he or she had no reasonable cause
to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Expenses incurred by an officer or
director (or other employees or agents as deemed appropriate by the board of
directors) in defending civil or criminal proceedings may be paid by the
corporation in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding upon
receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amount
if it shall be ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be
indemnified by the corporation. To indemnify a party, the corporation must
determine that the party met the applicable standards of conduct. The
corporation can make this finding through (i) a majority vote of directors not
parties to the action notwithstanding that such directors do not constitute a
quorum, (ii) in certain circumstances, the board acting upon written opinion
of independent legal counsel, or (iii) in certain circumstances, the
stockholders. The indemnification rights granted in or pursuant to Section 145
are not exclusive of other indemnification rights.
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation requires the indemnification of
officers, directors, employees and agents to the extent authorized by Delaware
law. Under this provision, Chase will indemnify the heirs, executors and
administrators of persons qualifying for indemnification. The Chase
Certificate of Incorporation also states that this provision and the Delaware
statutory provision are not exclusive of any other rights such person has to
indemnification.
 
     The Chase Bylaws further amplify the rights of directors and officers to
indemnification. The Chase Bylaws make it clear that if the right is altered
or repealed, it continues to exist with respect to acts or omissions occurring
before or concurrently with such modification or repeal of such right. The
Chase Bylaws limit the rights of any director or officer seeking
indemnification with respect to a proceeding initiated by such officer or
director to instances in which the Chase Board authorized the proceeding. The
Chase Bylaws provide for the payment of all reasonable expenses including
reasonable attorney's fees incurred by a director with respect to a pending,
threatened or completed proceeding in advance of its final disposition
provided an undertaking as required by Delaware law is executed by the officer
or director seeking indemnification. The Chase Bylaws also detail the
procedures for seeking indemnification and expressly authorize proceedings to
enforce claims to indemnification. The Chase Bylaws authorize the corporation
to enter agreements extending indemnification rights to the fullest extent of
the law and provide that the indemnification rights outlined in the Chase
Bylaws are not exclusive of any other indemnification rights.
 
     Section 722 of the NYBCL authorizes the indemnification of officers and
directors if such person (i) acted in good faith; (ii) in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation; and (iii) in a criminal proceeding, without reasonable cause to
believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Under Section 723 of the NYBCL an
officer or director who successfully defends a proceeding is entitled to
indemnification. In certain other circumstances, the corporation must find
that the director or officer met the appropriate standard of conduct. The
corporation may make this finding through (i) the board, acting as a quorum of
directors not parties to the action; (ii) in certain circumstances, the board
acting upon the written opinion of independent legal counsel; or (iii) in
certain circumstances, the stockholders. In some situations, a court, pursuant
to Section 724 of the NYBCL, may award indemnification. Section 725 of the
NYBCL sets out the conditions for advancing the payment of expenses and the
circumstances in which the corporation must notify stockholders when it makes
indemnification payments. Section 721 provides that the indemnification rights
granted in the NYBCL are not exclusive of other indemnification rights as long
as those other rights do not attach when a judgment or other final
adjudication establishes that a director or officer (i) acted in bad faith or
with active and deliberate dishonesty and that such acts were material to the
cause of action adjudicated or (ii) gained a personal financial or other
advantage to which the director or officer was not legally entitled.
 
                                      73
<PAGE>
 
     The UST Bylaws provide that UST will indemnify any current or past
director or officer who is party to an actual or threatened action by virtue
of such status. Under the UST Bylaws, UST (i) may not indemnify any director
or officer when a final judgment establishes that such director or officer (A)
acted in bad faith or with active and deliberate dishonesty and that such acts
were material to the cause of action adjudicated or (B) gained a personal
financial or other advantage to which the director or officer was not legally
entitled and (ii) is not required to indemnify any director or officer when
(A) the actual or threatened action was settled without final adjudication or
without the consent of UST or (B) such officer or director is entitled to
indemnification pursuant to an insurance policy without regard to the
provision of the UST Bylaws. Any amendment which prohibits or otherwise limits
indemnification rights will not affect any party until 60 days following his
or her notice of such amendment and will not apply to any act or omission
occurring before such 60th day. The UST Bylaws also permit UST to enter into
indemnification agreements with directors, officers and employees. The UST
Bylaws further state that the indemnification rights provided thereunder are
not exclusive of other indemnification rights protecting a party entitled to
indemnification under the UST Bylaws.
 
Issuance of Rights or Options to Purchase Shares to Directors, Officers and
Employees
 
     The DGCL and the Chase Certificate of Incorporation and Chase Bylaws do
not expressly address the procedure for issuing rights and options to purchase
stock to directors, officers, and employees. Under Section 505(d) of the
NYBCL, a corporation cannot issue rights or options to purchase stock to
directors, officers, or employees without the approval of a majority of all
outstanding voting shares. The UST Certificate of Incorporation and UST Bylaws
do not address this issue.
 
Loans to Directors
 
     Section 143 of the DGCL allows a Delaware corporation to lend money to or
guarantee an obligation of an officer or employee, including one who acts as a
director, if the assistance is reasonably expected to benefit the corporation.
Such assistance may be provided without stockholder approval. Section 714 of
the NYBCL requires stockholder approval of any loan made by the corporation to
a director. A director seeking a loan is prohibited from voting his or her
shares in such vote of stockholders. The certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of each of Chase and UST do not specifically address loans to
directors.
 
Dividends
 
     Subject to additional restrictions in a corporation's certificate of
incorporation, Section 170 of the DGCL allows a Delaware corporation to pay
dividends out of surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of its net profits
for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding fiscal
year. Under Section 510 of the NYBCL, a New York corporation may pay dividends
only out of surplus. Both New York and Delaware corporations generally may
revalue assets in connection with the determination of the amount of surplus
available for the declaration and payment of dividends. Neither Chase nor UST
has limited its ability to issue dividends beyond the applicable legal
standards governing dividends. See "The Companies -- Chase".
 
Action by Stockholders Through Written Consent
 
     Under Section 228(a) of the DGCL, unless otherwise provided in a
corporation's certificate of incorporation, any action required to be taken at
an annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken in the absence
of a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote. Such action may be
taken by the written consent of stockholders in lieu of meeting setting forth
the action so taken and signed by the holders of outstanding stock
representing the number of shares necessary to take such action at a meeting
at which all shares entitled to vote were present and voted. The Chase
Certificate of Incorporation and Chase Bylaws only permit stockholders of
Chase Common Stock to act by written consent in lieu of annual or special
meetings.
 
     Section 615(a) of the NYBCL allows stockholders to act only by unanimous
written consent in lieu of a meeting, unless action by less than unanimous
written consent is authorized in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws.
The UST Bylaws provide that stockholder action may be taken by the written
consent of
 
                                      74
<PAGE>
 
stockholders in lieu of a meeting setting forth the action so taken and signed
by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon.
 
Special Meetings
 
     Under Section 211(d) of the DGCL and Section 602(c) of the NYBCL, special
meetings of stockholders may be called by the board of directors and by such
other person or persons as may be authorized to do so by the corporation's
certificate of incorporation or bylaws. Under the Chase Bylaws, the Chase
Board, the Chairman of the Board or the President may call a special meeting
and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary must call a special meeting upon the
written request, stating the purpose of the meeting, of holders of at least
25% of the outstanding stock entitled to vote at such meeting. Under the UST
Bylaws, only the UST Board, the Chairman, the President or a Vice Chairman of
the UST Board may call a special meeting of the stockholders. Only business
pertaining to the purpose of the special meeting, as specified in the call of
the meeting, may be transacted at such meeting.
 
Cumulative Voting
 
     Though Section 214 of the DGCL and Section 618 of the NYBCL permit a
certificate of incorporation to provide for cumulative voting for the election
of directors, Chase and UST have not adopted such provisions.
 
Necessary Vote to Effect Merger (Not Involving Interested Stockholder)
 
     The DGCL requires a majority vote of the shares entitled to vote in order
to effectuate a merger between two Delaware corporations (Section 251(c)) or
between a Delaware corporation and a corporation organized under the laws of
another state (a "foreign corporation") (Section 252(c)). However, unless
required by the certificate of incorporation, Sections 251(f) and 252(e) do
not require a vote of the stockholders of a constituent corporation surviving
the merger if (i) the merger agreement does not amend that corporation's
certificate of incorporation, (ii) each share of that corporation's stock
outstanding before the effective date of the merger is identical to an
outstanding or treasury share of the surviving corporation after the merger,
and (iii), in the event the merger plan provides for the issuance of common
stock or securities convertible into common stock by the surviving
corporation, the common stock issued and the common stock issuable upon
conversion of the issued securities do not exceed 20% of the shares
outstanding immediately before the effective date of the merger. As long as a
majority of the disinterested directors approve the merger, the Chase
Certificate of Incorporation does not impose more stringent requirements for
the affirmance of a merger.
 
     Section 903(a)(2) of the NYBCL provides for a merger between two or more
New York corporations upon the approval of the holders of two-thirds (or
66 2/3%) of all outstanding shares entitled to vote on the merger and, in
certain circumstances, of a majority of the holders of all outstanding shares
of each class or series. Pursuant to Section 907(b), where the merger is
between one or more New York corporations and one or more foreign
corporations, the foregoing two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) vote (and the majority
vote if applicable) is required only for the domestic corporation. The foreign
corporation must comply with the applicable provisions of the jurisdiction
where it is incorporated. The UST Certificate of Incorporation and the UST
Bylaws do not alter the rules for approval of a merger unless the transaction
involves an interested stockholder (as discussed below).
 
Business Combinations Involving Interested Stockholders
 
     Section 203(a) of the DGCL prohibits a corporation from engaging in any
business combination with an interested stockholder (defined in Section
203(c)(5) as a 15% stockholder) for a period of three years after the date
that stockholder became an interested stockholder unless (i) before that date,
the board of directors of the corporation approved the business combination or
the transaction transforming the stockholder into an interested stockholder,
or (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of the
outstanding voting stock (excluding shares owned by directors, officers and
certain employee stock plans) or (iii) on or after the date the stockholder
became "interested," the business combination gained the approval of both the
corporation's
 
                                      75
<PAGE>
 
directors and two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) of the outstanding voting shares not
owned by the interested stockholder voted at a meeting and not by written
consent. Section 203(b)(3) of the DGCL permits a Delaware corporation to
negate this provision through an amendment to the certificate of incorporation
or bylaws adopted by a majority of the outstanding voting shares, in addition
to any other required vote. The amendment is not effective for 12 months
following its adoption and does not apply to business combinations with any
person who became an interested stockholder on or before the amendment's
adoption. Chase has not adopted any such amendment.
 
     The Chase Certificate of Incorporation provides for stricter requirements
for business combinations with interested stockholders (as defined therein) or
their affiliates. The Chase Certificate of Incorporation defines an interested
stockholder as a direct or indirect owner of at least 10% of the outstanding
voting shares. Approval of the business combination requires 75% of the
outstanding voting shares. This high threshold is inapplicable if a majority
of the disinterested directors approve the combination or if certain price and
procedural requirements have been satisfied. See "Description of Capital
Stock -- Chase Common Stock".
 
     Section 912 of the NYBCL differs from Delaware law. Under Section 912 an
"interested stockholder" is one that owns at least 20% of the outstanding
voting shares of a corporation. A New York corporation cannot engage in a
business combination with an interested stockholder for five years following
the acquisition date of an interested stockholder's shares unless the
directors approve the business combination or stock acquisition before the
stockholder's stock acquisition date. Following the five year period, a
corporation cannot enter a business combination with an interested stockholder
unless (i) the directors approve the business combination or the stockholder's
stock acquisition before the stockholder's stock acquisition date; (ii) at a
meeting called for such purpose, the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares not beneficially owned by an interested stockholder or an associate or
affiliate of an interested stockholder approve the business combination; or
(iii) the business combination satisfies certain price and procedural
requirements. Pursuant to Section 912(d), such restrictions do not apply to a
corporation that has exempted itself by amendment to its bylaws approved by a
vote of the majority of holders of outstanding voting stock, excluding the
voting stock of an interested stockholder or an associate or affiliate of an
interested stockholder. Such an amendment will not become effective for 18
months following its adoption and will not apply to a business combination
with an interested stockholder whose stock acquisition date is on or before
the effective date of the amendment. UST has not adopted any such amendment.
 
     The UST Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to effect a business
combination between UST and an interested stockholder (a holder of 10% of the
outstanding voting shares), 80% of the outstanding voting shares and a
majority of outstanding voting shares held by disinterested stockholders
approve the transaction. The special voting requirement is excused if the
business combination is approved by a majority of the continuing directors.
The term "continuing directors" means those directors not associated with the
interested stockholder who (i) were first elected a director before the time
the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or (ii) were
designated a continuing director by existing continuing directors. The special
vote is also excused if the business combination satisfies certain procedural
and financial requirements. These procedural requirements also apply in the
case of a merger or consolidation between the corporation and a subsidiary if
the resulting entity would not be subject to the aforementioned requirements
after the merger or consolidation.
 
Appraisal Rights; Dissenters' Rights
 
     Shareholders dissenting in specified circumstances from certain major
corporate transactions may be entitled to appraisal rights (the right to
receive the fair value of their shares). Sections 262(a) and (b) of the DGCL
provides for appraisal rights only in the case of a statutory merger or
consolidation in which the petitioning stockholder does not consent to the
transaction. Stockholders of a surviving corporation whose vote was not
required under DGCL Sections 251 and 252 are not entitled to appraisal rights.
Unless otherwise provided for in the certificate of incorporation,
stockholders have no appraisal rights in mergers or consolidations in which
they receive shares in the surviving corporation or shares of another
corporation that are publicly listed or held by more than 2,000 holders of
record, cash in lieu of fractional shares of such stock, or any combination
thereof. A corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation for
appraisal rights in
 
                                      76
<PAGE>
 
the event of a sale of all or substantially all of its assets. Chase has not
extended appraisal rights beyond the statutory requirements.
 
     Pursuant to Section 910 of the NYBCL, a stockholder of a New York
corporation who complies with the applicable statutory procedures provided by
Section 623 of the NYBCL is entitled to receive the fair value of his or her
shares provided the dissenting stockholder does not consent to certain
transactions, including a merger or consolidation; a disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of a corporation; or a share exchange. No
dissenters' rights exist for stockholders of a parent corporation merging with
a 90% owned subsidiary (except under certain circumstances) or stockholders of
the surviving corporation in mergers in which certain substantial rights of
stockholders remain unaffected. Dissenters' rights also do not attach where
the disposition of assets is wholly for cash and conditioned upon the
dissolution of the corporation and the distribution of substantially all of
its assets to stockholders. Under Section 806(b)(6) of the NYBCL, stockholders
have dissenters' rights in the case of certain types of amendments of the
certificate of incorporation. UST has not extended dissenters' rights beyond
the statutory requirements. See "The Merger -- Dissenters' Rights" and
Sections 910 and 623 of the NYBCL, copies of which are attached as Appendix G
hereto.
 
Redeemable Shares
 
     Pursuant to Section 151(b) of the DGCL, any class of stock may be made
subject to redemption at the option of the corporation or the stockholders, or
upon the happening of a specified event, as long as at the time of redemption
one class of voting stock is not subject to redemption. Section 512(a) of the
NYBCL permits a corporation to issue preferred stock redeemable at the option
of the corporation or the stockholder. Under Sections 512(a), (b) and (c) of
the NYBCL, a corporation may not redeem common stock unless it has outstanding
nonredeemable common stock (except for certain investment and securities
companies and certain government licensees or franchisees), and, unless it is
an investment company, a corporation's common stock may only be redeemed at
the option of the corporation and not at the option of the stockholder. The
Chase and UST Certificates of Incorporation do not address the redemption of
common stock, but each of the Chase Board and the UST Board has broad
authority under its respective certificate of incorporation and bylaws to
designate the characteristics of classes of preferred stock, including
redemption characteristics.
 
Selective Repurchase of Company Stock
 
     The DGCL does not prohibit the selective repurchase by a corporation of
its stock at a premium over market price. Delaware courts have permitted the
repurchase of shares at a premium in certain cases. Section 513(e) of the
NYBCL prohibits a New York corporation, subject to the provisions regarding
merger with an interested stockholder (Section 912), from making certain
offers to purchase stock unless such offer is extended to all stockholders.
The corporation may not purchase more than 10% of its stock from a stockholder
who has beneficially owned the shares for less than two years at a price
higher than the market price unless it is approved by the board of directors
and a majority of all outstanding voting shares. Neither Chase's nor UST's
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws refer to selective repurchases of
common stock.
 
Warrants or Options
 
     Under Section 157 of the DGCL, rights or options to purchase shares of
any class of stock may be authorized by a corporation's board of directors
subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation. However,
various other legal requirements would generally make stockholder approval of
stock option plans or warrants either necessary or desirable. The Chase
Certificate of Incorporation and Chase Bylaws do not address the issuance of
rights or options.
 
     Section 505 of the NYBCL allows, subject to provisions in the certificate
of incorporation, a corporation to issue rights and options pursuant to
conditions and terms established by the board. Pursuant to the UST Certificate
of Incorporation, only the UST Board can determine the terms and conditions of
rights, options and warrants for shares.
 
                                      77
<PAGE>
 
Preemptive Rights
 
     Under Section 102(b)(3) of the DGCL, except in certain circumstances not
applicable to Chase, absent an express provision in a corporation's
certificate of incorporation, a stockholder does not, by operation of law,
possess preemptive rights to subscribe to an additional issue of stock. The
Chase Certificate of Incorporation does not grant preemptive rights, except to
the extent that the Chase Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance
of preferred stock with any rights (other than voting rights in excess of one
vote per share) as may be expressed in a resolution adopted by the Chase Board
with respect to the issue of preferred stock by Chase.
 
     Under Section 622 of the NYBCL, unless a certificate of incorporation
provides otherwise, stockholders possess certain preemptive rights by
operation of law. In general, these rights allow stockholders whose unlimited
dividend rights or voting rights would be adversely affected by the issuance
of additional shares of stock to purchase, on terms and conditions set by the
board of directors, that proportion of such new issue of stock necessary to
preserve the relative dividend or voting rights of such stockholders. Unless
otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, certain types of stock
are not subject to preemptive rights. The UST Certificate of Incorporation
provides that no holder of UST shares of any class has preemptive rights
unless the UST Board specifically grants such rights.
 
Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
 
     Section 242 of the DGCL permits a Delaware corporation to amend its
certificate of incorporation in any respect provided the amendment contains
only provisions that would be lawful in an original certificate of
incorporation filed at the time of amendment. To amend a certificate of
incorporation, the board must adopt a resolution presenting the proposed
amendment. In addition, a majority of the shares entitled to vote, as well as
a majority of shares by class of each class entitled to vote, must approve the
amendment to make it effective. When the substantial rights of a class of
shares will be affected by an amendment, the holders of those shares are
entitled to vote as a class even if the shares are non-voting shares. When
only one or more series in a class of shares, and not the entire class, will
be adversely affected by an amendment, only the affected series may vote as a
class. The right to vote as a class may be limited in certain circumstances.
Any provision in the certificate of incorporation which requires a greater
vote than required by law cannot be amended or repealed except by such greater
vote. In its resolution proposing an amendment, the board may insert a
provision allowing the board to abandon the amendment, without concurrence by
stockholders, after the amendment has received stockholder approval but before
its filing with the Secretary of State.
 
     With some exceptions, Chase may amend the Chase Certificate of
Incorporation as provided by the Delaware statute. Such exceptions require the
approval of 75% of the outstanding voting stock for certain actions, including
amendments to the provisions governing business combinations with interested
stockholders, the election of directors, and special meetings and actions of
stockholders. See "Description of Capital Stock of Chase -- Chase Common
Stock".
 
     Section 801 of the NYBCL provides that a New York corporation may amend
its certificate of incorporation in any respect provided the amendment
contains only provisions that would be lawful if the certificate were an
original certificate filed at the time of the amendment. To enact an
amendment, the board of the corporation must authorize the amendment followed
by the authorization of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.
The board acting alone can amend the corporation's address or registered agent
for service of process. When an amendment of the certificate would affect the
substantial rights of the holders of a class of stock, Section 804(a) of the
NYBCL provides that the enactment of the amendment requires the approval of a
majority of the outstanding shares of the affected class in addition to a
majority of all outstanding voting shares. If only certain series within any
class of shares are adversely affected by a proposed amendment, then each
adversely affected series may vote on the amendment, but any series within
classes of shares which are unaffected may not vote on the amendment.
 
     The UST Certificate of Incorporation does not vary from the statutory
provisions except with respect to any amendments to the provisions governing
transactions with interested stockholders. An amendment of such provisions
requires the approval of 80% of all outstanding voting shares as well as a
majority of outstanding voting shares held by disinterested stockholders. This
special voting requirement does not apply if a majority of
 
                                      78
<PAGE>
 
continuing directors recommends the amendment. In this circumstance,
continuing directors consist of (i) directors not associated with an
interested stockholder who (a) were first elected a director before the time
the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or (b) were
designated a continuing director by existing continuing directors or (ii) if
no business combination with an interested stockholder is pending, any
director who sat on the board when the original provision regarding interested
stockholders was approved by the stockholders.
 
Amendment of Bylaws
 
     Section 109(a) of the DGCL provides that the stockholders entitled to
vote have the power to adopt, amend, or repeal bylaws and that, in addition, a
corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer such powers on
its board of directors. In accordance with the Chase Certificate of
Incorporation and the Chase Bylaws, the Chase Board also has authority to
make, alter, amend, or repeal the Chase Bylaws.
 
     Section 601(a) of the NYBCL grants stockholders entitled to elect
directors the power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws. The board of directors
may also exercise this power if permitted in the certificate of incorporation
or by a stockholder-approved bylaw. Stockholders retain the right to amend or
repeal any bylaw adopted by the board. The UST Bylaws may be amended or
repealed by holders of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors.
The UST Board also has the power to amend the UST Bylaws with the exception of
stockholder-approved Bylaws specifically forbidding amendment or repeal by the
UST Board.
 
                                   EXPERTS
 
     The consolidated statements of condition of UST as of December 31, 1993
and 1992 and the consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1993, incorporated by reference in this Proxy
Statement-Prospectus, have been incorporated herein in reliance on the report,
which includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the adoption of new
accounting standards for postretirement benefits other than pensions and
income taxes, of Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., independent accountants, given on
the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.
 
     The consolidated financial statements of Chase and its subsidiaries
incorporated in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and the Chase Registration
Statement by reference to the Chase Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 1993, have been incorporated in reliance on the report of
Price Waterhouse LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
 
                           VALIDITY OF CHASE SHARES
 
     The validity of the Chase Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement will be passed upon for Chase by Robert B. Adams,
Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of Chase and CMB. As of
September 30, 1994, Mr. Adams was the beneficial owner of or had options to
acquire less than 0.1% of the outstanding Chase Common Stock.
 
                                      79
<PAGE>
 
                             BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
 
     The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of UST Common Stock as of December 31, 1994, by (i) each person
known by UST to own more than five percent of either class of the outstanding
UST Common Stock, (ii) each director of UST, (iii) each of the named executive
officers of UST and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group.
Unless otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of UST Common Stock shown as
beneficially owned by them.
<TABLE>
                                 Amount and Nature of      Percent
      Beneficial Owner           Beneficial Ownership      of Class
- ----------------------------    -----------------------    --------
<S>                             <C>                          <C>
401(k) Plan and ESOP of         1,335,133 shares (in a       14.13
United States Trust Company     fiduciary capacity)(1)
of New York and Affiliated
Companies
114 West 47th Street
New York, New York 10036
 
GeoCapital Corporation          618,750 shares                6.55
767 Fifth Avenue                (with sole dispositive
New York, New York, 10158       power)(2)
 
United States Trust Company     354,139 shares (in            3.75
of New York and Affiliated      fiduciary and agency
Companies                       capacities)(3)
114 West 47th Street
New York, New York 10036
 
Eleanor Baum                    300(4)(5)
Samuel C. Butler                7,730(4)(5)(6)
Peter O. Crisp                  700(4)(5)
Daniel P. Davison               48,095(7)
Philippe de Montebello          800(4)
Paul W. Douglas                 1,837(4)(5)
Edwin D. Etherington            8,150
Antonia M. Grumbach             1,300(4)
 
Frederic C. Hamilton            30,825(4)
Peter L. Malkin                 1,200(4)
Jeffrey S. Maurer               19,436(7)(8)(9)
Orson D. Munn                   9,500(4)(10)
Donald M. Roberts               35,377(7)(8)(9)
H. Marshall Schwarz             33,625(8)(9)
Philip L. Smith                 5,800
John Hoyt Stookey               5,800(4)
Frederick B. Taylor             26,748(7)(8)(9)(11)
Richard F. Tucker               3,325(4)(5)
Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr.      3,600(4)(7)
Robert N. Wilson                950(4)
Frederick S. Wonham             30,404(7)(8)(9)
Ruth A. Wooden                  200(4)(5)
 
All directors and executive
officers as a group
(numbering 22 as a group)       275,702                      2.92%
 
- ---------------
 (1) These shares consist of 1,058,834 shares allocated or attributable to the
     individual accounts of participants in the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, who have
     voting and dispositive power over such shares, and 276,299 shares which
     have not been allocated to participant accounts, as to which shares
     USTNY, as Trustee of the Plan, may be deemed to have voting and
     dispositive power. An independent fiduciary will be appointed to exercise
     responsibilities that otherwise would be exercisable by USTNY, as Trustee
     of the Plan, with respect to the voting of shares held in the Plan in
     connection with the Distribution Proposal and the Merger Proposal. In
     February 1995, contributions in the aggregate amount of

                                      80
<PAGE>
 
     $4,275,480 were made to the Plan which, under the terms of the Plan, will
     be used to purchase additional shares of UST Common Stock for
     participants' accounts under the 401(k) portion of the Plan. These shares
     will be acquired through purchases in the market. Assuming that the
     shares are purchased at an average price of $66 per share, the Plan will
     hold an additional 64,780 shares of UST Common Stock as a result of these
     contributions. The number of shares set forth in the table above does not
     include these 64,780 shares.
 
 (2) Information herein with respect to GeoCapital Corporation ("GCC") has
     been obtained from GCC and from GCC's filings with the Commission
     pursuant to Section 13(g) of the Exchange Act by GCC, a registered
     investment advisor, and Barry K. Fingerhut and Irwin Lieber, by reason of
     their ownership interest in GCC. Such filing further discloses that the
     shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and were not
     acquired for the purpose of and do not have the effect of changing or
     influencing the control of UST and were not acquired in connection with
     or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect.
 
 (3) UST, USTNY and their affiliates have sole voting power as to 16,171 of
     such shares, shared voting power as to 42,452 of such shares, sole
     dispositive power as to 197,237 of such shares and shared dispositive
     power as to 156,902 of such shares. Such shares do not include any shares
     held in the 401(k) Plan and ESOP. As a matter of policy, USTNY and its
     affiliates vote shares held in an agency capacity only as directed by
     customers, and where shares are held as a co-fiduciary, vote such shares
     as directed by the other co-fiduciaries. Shares held by UST, USTNY and
     their affiliates as sole fiduciary are not voted unless specific voting
     instructions are given by a donor or beneficiary pursuant to the
     governing trust instrument.
 
 (4) Does not include shares subject to non-employee director stock options
     exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 1994 as follows: Dr. Baum and
     Ms. Wooden each 1,650 shares, Messrs. Crisp and Malkin each 3,350 shares,
     Mr. Munn 2,000 shares, Mr. Wilson 4,650 shares and 5,000 shares by each
     of the other non-employee directors (as defined in the Plan) other than
     Messrs. Etherington and Smith.
 
 (5) Does not include shares attributable to deferred awards under the Board
     Members' Deferred Compensation Plan as follows: Dr. Baum 232 shares, Mr.
     Butler 8,670 shares, Mr. Crisp 1,232 shares, Mr. Douglas 5,709 shares,
     Mr. Tucker 309 shares and Ms. Wooden 179 shares.
 
 (6) Includes 1,250 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Butler is trustee and
     4,914 shares held in a trust in which he has a beneficial interest.
 
 (7) Includes 10,254 shares owned by Mr. Davison's wife, 2,500 shares owned by
     Mr. Maurer's wife, 638 shares held in trust by Mr. Maurer's wife for
     their children, 3,215 shares owned by Mr. Roberts' daughter, 3,989 shares
     owned by Mr. Taylor's wife, 300 shares owned by Mr. Wainwright's wife and
     2,250 shares owned by Mr. Wonham's children, with respect to which the
     director in each case disclaims beneficial ownership.
 
 (8) Does not include shares subject to employee stock options exercisable
     within 60 days of December 31, 1994 as follows: Mr. Schwarz 72,250
     shares, Mr. Maurer 53,450 shares, Mr. Taylor 41,200 shares, Mr. Roberts
     31,750 shares and Mr. Wonham 26,250 shares.
 
 (9) Does not include shares attributable to deferred awards under the 1989
     Stock Compensation Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans as follows: Mr.
     Schwarz 78,086 shares, Mr. Maurer 29,008 shares, Mr. Taylor 10,864
     shares, Mr. Roberts 55,186 shares and Mr. Wonham 44,064 shares.
 
(10) Includes 1,700 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Munn is trustee.
 
(11) Includes 270 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Taylor is sole trustee
     and in which he has a beneficial interest.
 
     Other than as set forth above, UST management is aware of no person who,
on the Record Date, was the beneficial owner of more than 5% of outstanding
UST Common Stock. The total number of shares of UST Common Stock owned by all
directors and executive officers of UST as a group accounted for 790,791
shares (approximately 7.93% of outstanding shares of UST Common Stock) as of
December 31, 1994.*
 
- ---------------
 
* Includes shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of
  December 31, 1994, and shares attributable to deferred awards under the 1989
  Stock Compensation Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans and Board Members'
  Deferred Compensation Plan.
</TABLE>
                                      81
<PAGE>
 
                CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
     Samuel C. Butler, a director of UST, is a partner in the law firm of
Cravath, Swaine & Moore, which is counsel to UST in connection with the
Distribution and the Merger and which performed services for UST in fiscal
year 1994. The aggregate amount of fees paid by UST to Cravath, Swaine & Moore
was less than 5% of the law firm's gross revenues for the last fiscal year.
 
     Peter L. Malkin, a director of UST, is a partner in the law firm of Wien,
Malkin & Bettex, which performed services for UST in fiscal year 1994. The
aggregate amount of fees paid by UST to Wien, Malkin & Bettex was less than 5%
of the law firm's gross revenues for the last fiscal year.
 
     Antonia M. Grumbach, a director of UST, is a partner in the law firm of
Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler, which performed services for UST in fiscal
year 1994. The aggregate amount of fees paid by UST to Patterson, Belknap,
Webb & Tyler was less than 5% of the law firm's gross revenues for the last
fiscal year.
 
     Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr., a director of UST, is a consulting partner in
the law firm of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, which performed services for
UST in fiscal year 1994. The aggregate amount of fees paid by UST to Milbank,
Tweed, Hadley & McCloy was less than 5% of the law firm's gross revenues for
the last fiscal year.
 
                                OTHER BUSINESS
 
     The UST Board does not intend to present to the Special Meeting any
business other than as described in this Proxy Statement-Prospectus and, at
the time this Proxy Statement-Prospectus was printed, was not aware of any
other matters that properly might be presented to the Special Meeting. If any
other business not described herein properly should come before the Special
Meeting, the persons named in the enclosed proxy card(s) or their substitutes
will vote the shares represented by them in accordance with their best
judgment. Discretionary authority for them to do so is contained in the proxy
card(s).
 
                            STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS
 
     UST will hold a 1995 annual meeting of stockholders only if the Merger is
not consummated before the time for such meeting. In the event that such a
meeting is held, as was indicated in the proxy statement for the 1994 annual
meeting of stockholders, stockholder proposals intended to be presented at
UST's 1995 annual meeting must have been received by UST at its principal
executive offices by November 11, 1994 in order to be considered for inclusion
in UST's proxy statement and proxy cards for the 1995 annual meeting.
 
                                      82
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                            INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
<S>                                                                                      <C>
Acquiring Person......................................................................   70
AIP...................................................................................   48
Asset Management System...............................................................   45
Asset Transfers.......................................................................   56
Average Value of Chase Common Stock...................................................    6
Back Office Services..................................................................   65
Bank Merger...........................................................................   25
Bank Processing Services..............................................................   65
Broadway Lease........................................................................   54
 
Capital Notes.........................................................................   40
Cash Payment..........................................................................   47
Certificate of Merger.................................................................   37
Certificates..........................................................................   37
Chase.................................................................................    1
Chase Acquired Business...............................................................    5
Chase Acquired Company To Be Merged...................................................   29
Chase Assets..........................................................................   53
Chase Board...........................................................................   12
Chase Bring Down Certificate..........................................................   45
Chase Bylaws..........................................................................   35
Chase Certificate of Incorporation....................................................   35
Chase Common Stock....................................................................    1
Chase Form 8-A........................................................................    3
Chase Form 10.........................................................................    3
Chase Liabilities.....................................................................   54
Chase Maryland........................................................................   29
Chase Parties.........................................................................   58
Chase Preferred Stock.................................................................   69
Chase Registration Statement..........................................................    2
Chase Rights Plan.....................................................................   69
Chase USA.............................................................................   29
Closing...............................................................................   37
Closing Date..........................................................................    1
CMB...................................................................................    5
CMB Bank Merger Agreement.............................................................   42
Code..................................................................................   11
Commission............................................................................    2
continuing directors..................................................................   76
Contribution Agreement................................................................    9
Contribution Asset Transfers..........................................................   53
Contribution Assets...................................................................   53
Contribution Liabilities..............................................................   54
Conversion Number.....................................................................    6
Core Businesses.......................................................................    5
CRA...................................................................................   42
CS First Boston.......................................................................    9
 
                                      83
<PAGE>
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
Deductible Amount.....................................................................   60
Delayed Asset.........................................................................   54
Delayed Liability.....................................................................   54
Determined Value......................................................................   63
DGCL..................................................................................   70
Directors Option Plan.................................................................   62
Dissenting Holder.....................................................................   50
Distribution..........................................................................    1
Distribution Agreement................................................................    1
Distribution Asset Transfers..........................................................   56
Distribution Assets...................................................................   57
Distribution Documents................................................................   37
Distribution Liabilities..............................................................   57
Distribution Proposal.................................................................    1
Distribution Record Date..............................................................    9
EBIT..................................................................................   34
Effective Time........................................................................    1
efficiency ratio......................................................................   18
Enhanced Pension Benefit..............................................................   64
Exchange Act..........................................................................    2
FDIC..................................................................................   10
Flip-In Event.........................................................................   70
foreign corporation...................................................................   75
Form 10...............................................................................    2
GCC...................................................................................   81
GSS...................................................................................   35
IBES..................................................................................   34
Information Statement.................................................................    2
InfoServ..............................................................................   35
interested stockholder................................................................   76
Internal Reorganization...............................................................    9
Letter of Instruction.................................................................    7
LTM...................................................................................   33
Merger................................................................................    1
Merger Agreement......................................................................    1
Merger Proposal.......................................................................    1
MF Service Company....................................................................   25
MF Service Company Retained Liabilities...............................................   57
NASD..................................................................................    2
New Trustco...........................................................................    6
New UST Parties.......................................................................   59
NYBCL.................................................................................    9
NYSE..................................................................................    8
NYSE Tape.............................................................................    6
1981 Option Plan......................................................................   62
1986 Option Plan......................................................................   62
1989 Option Plan......................................................................   62
1995 and 1996 Performance Cycles......................................................   49
 
                                      84
<PAGE>
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
OCC...................................................................................   10
ORE...................................................................................   21
PDI...................................................................................   19
Post Closing Covenants Agreement......................................................   11
Pre-1987 ISO's........................................................................   63
Private Letter Ruling.................................................................    8
Processing Business...................................................................    6
Record Date...........................................................................   10
Related Back Office...................................................................    6
Required Consent......................................................................   54
Retained Employee.....................................................................   61
Retained Plans........................................................................   62
Retention Amount......................................................................   57
Retirement Plan.......................................................................   49
Right.................................................................................   69
Securities Act........................................................................    2
Service...............................................................................    8
Services Agreement....................................................................   11
Services Agreement Term Sheet.........................................................   42
Severance Benefit Payment.............................................................   64
Special Meeting.......................................................................    1
SFAS 109..............................................................................   13
Spinco................................................................................    1
Spinco Assets.........................................................................   57
Spinco Common Stock...................................................................    6
Spinco Liabilities....................................................................   57
Stock Acquisition Date................................................................   70
Surviving Corporation.................................................................    1
Tax Allocation Agreement..............................................................   31
Time of Distribution..................................................................    5
Transaction Value.....................................................................   63
Transfer Taxes........................................................................   67
Transferred Plans.....................................................................   62
Transition Bonus Program..............................................................   64
UST...................................................................................    1
UST Board.............................................................................    1
UST Bring Down Certificate............................................................   43
UST Bylaws............................................................................   70
UST Certificate of Incorporation......................................................   70
UST Common Stock......................................................................    1
UST Option Plans......................................................................   62
UST Rights Agreement..................................................................   42
UST-WY................................................................................   25
UST-WY Retained Liabilities...........................................................   57
USTNY.................................................................................    5
UST's 1993 Annual Report on Form 10-K.................................................    2
UST's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q..................................................    2
</TABLE>
                                      85
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX A
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
 
                        Dated as of November 18, 1994
 
                                   Between
 
                       THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION
 
                                     and
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                              TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----
<S>                                                                                    <C>
Parties and Recitals.................................................................   A-1
 
ARTICLE I
The Merger
 
SECTION 1.1.    The Merger...........................................................   A-1
SECTION 1.2.    Closing..............................................................   A-2
SECTION 1.3.    Effective Time.......................................................   A-2
SECTION 1.4.    Effects of the Merger................................................   A-2
SECTION 1.5.    Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws.............................   A-2
SECTION 1.6.    Directors............................................................   A-2
SECTION 1.7.    Officers.............................................................   A-2
 
ARTICLE II
Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the
  Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates
 
SECTION 2.1.    Effect on Capital Stock..............................................   A-2
SECTION 2.2.    Exchange of Certificates.............................................   A-3
 
ARTICLE III
Representations and Warranties
 
SECTION 3.1.    Representations and Warranties of the Company........................   A-5
SECTION 3.2.    Representations and Warranties of CMC................................  A-19
 
ARTICLE IV
Covenants
 
SECTION 4.1.    Covenants of the Company with Respect to the Retained Business.......  A-23
SECTION 4.2.    Covenants of the Company.............................................  A-26
SECTION 4.3.    Covenants of CMC.....................................................  A-27
SECTION 4.4.    Mutual Covenants.....................................................  A-28
 
ARTICLE V
Additional Agreements
 
SECTION 5.1.    Preparation of Form S-4, Form S-1, Form 10 and the Proxy Statement;
                  Stockholders Meeting...............................................  A-28
SECTION 5.2.    Letter of the Company's Accountants..................................  A-29
SECTION 5.3.    Letter of CMC's Accountants..........................................  A-29
SECTION 5.4.    Access to Information; Confidentiality...............................  A-29
SECTION 5.5.    Legal Conditions to Distribution and Merger; Legal Compliance........  A-29
SECTION 5.6.    Rights Agreement.....................................................  A-30
SECTION 5.7.    Benefit Plans........................................................  A-31
 
                                      A-i
<PAGE>
 
                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----
SECTION 5.8.    Employment Matters...................................................  A-31
SECTION 5.9.    Employment Agreements................................................  A-33
SECTION 5.10.   Fees and Expenses....................................................  A-33
SECTION 5.11.   Distribution.........................................................  A-33
SECTION 5.12.   Public Announcements.................................................  A-33
SECTION 5.13.   Private Letter Ruling................................................  A-34
SECTION 5.14.   Use of Name..........................................................  A-34
SECTION 5.15.   UST-CA...............................................................  A-34
SECTION 5.16.   Affiliates...........................................................  A-34
SECTION 5.17.   Stock Exchange Listing...............................................  A-34
SECTION 5.18.   Capital Adequacy.....................................................  A-34
 
ARTICLE VI
Conditions Precedent
 
SECTION 6.1.    Conditions to Each Party's Obligation To Effect the Merger...........  A-34
SECTION 6.2.    Conditions to Obligations of CMC.....................................  A-35
SECTION 6.3.    Conditions to Obligation of the Company..............................  A-38
 
ARTICLE VII
Termination, Amendment and Waiver
 
SECTION 7.1.    Termination..........................................................  A-39
SECTION 7.2.    Effect of Termination................................................  A-40
SECTION 7.3.    Amendment............................................................  A-40
SECTION 7.4.    Extension; Waiver....................................................  A-40
SECTION 7.5.    Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver............  A-40
 
ARTICLE VIII
General Provisions
 
SECTION 8.1.    Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties........................  A-41
SECTION 8.2.    Notices..............................................................  A-41
SECTION 8.3.    Definitions..........................................................  A-41
SECTION 8.4.    Interpretation.......................................................  A-42
SECTION 8.5.    Counterparts.........................................................  A-42
SECTION 8.6.    Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.......................  A-42
SECTION 8.7.    Governing Law........................................................  A-42
SECTION 8.8.    Assignment...........................................................  A-42
SECTION 8.9.    Enforcement..........................................................  A-42
</TABLE>
                                     A-ii
<PAGE>
 
EXHIBITS
<TABLE>
    <S>                      <C>                                                    
    Exhibit I          --    Form of Distribution Agreement [Attached as Appendix B]
    Exhibit II         --    Form of Contribution Agreement [Attached as Appendix C]
    Exhibit III        --    Form of Representation Letters [Omitted]
    Exhibit IV         --    Form of License Agreement [Omitted]
    Exhibit V          --    Form of Tax Allocation Agreement [Attached as Appendix E]
    Exhibit VI         --    Form of Post Closing Covenants Agreement [Attached as Appendix D]
    Exhibit VII        --    Form of Rule 145 Letter [Omitted]
 
SCHEDULES [Omitted]
 
    Schedule 3.1(b)    --    Subsidiaries
    Schedule 3.1(d)    --    Consents; Approvals
    Schedule 3.1(g)    --    Certain Changes or Events
    Schedule 3.1(h)    --    Litigation; Claims; Proceedings
    Schedule 3.1(l)    --    Material Contracts; Significant Customers; Customer Agreements; Fee
                             Schedules
    Schedule 3.1(m)    --    Changes in Benefit Plans or Collective Bargaining Agreements
    Schedule 3.1(n)    --    List of Benefit Plans; Compliance
    Schedule 3.1(q)    --    License Agreements; Intellectual Property
    Schedule 3.1(r)    --    Tax Matters
    Schedule 3.1(t)    --    Financial Statements
    Schedule 3.1(w)    --    Real Property Matters
    Schedule 3.1(x)    --    Investment Company Customer Accounts
    Schedule 3.1(y)    --    Investment Company Customers; Changes in Fiscal Year; Shareholder
                             Approval
    Schedule 3.1(a)    --    Customer Information
    Schedule 3.1(ab)   --    Business Information; Uncollected Funds
    Schedule 4.1(c)    --    Issuance of Securities
    Schedule 4.2(c)    --    Redemption of Indebtedness of Company
    Schedule 5.7       --    Benefit Plans
    Schedule 5.8(a)    --    Employees of Retained Company
    Schedule 5.8(c)    --    Certain Severance and Other Benefits
    Schedule 5.8(e)    --    Transition Bonus Program
</TABLE>
                                     A-iii
<PAGE>
 
     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of November 18, 1994 (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this "Agreement"),
between THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("CMC"), and
U.S. TRUST CORPORATION, a New York corporation (the "Company").
 
     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved a plan of
distribution embodied in the form of agreements attached hereto as Exhibit I
(the "Distribution Agreement") and Exhibit II (the "Contribution Agreement"),
each of which will be entered into prior to the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.3), subject to the issuance of a private letter ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service (the "Service") as described in Sections 6.2(c) and
6.3(c) hereof in response to a ruling request to be made by the Company (the
"Ruling Request"), pursuant to which (a)(i) all the assets and liabilities of
United States Trust Company of New York, a New York State chartered bank and
trust company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("USTNY"),
other than the assets and liabilities of the Retained Business (as defined in
Section 3.1(l)), will be contributed by USTNY to a wholly owned bank
subsidiary of USTNY to be formed by USTNY (such wholly owned subsidiary of
USTNY is referred to herein as "New Trustco") as provided in the Contribution
Agreement, (ii) the capital stock of New Trustco will be distributed by USTNY
to the Company as provided in the Distribution Agreement and (iii) all the
assets and liabilities of the Company (including the capital stock of its
direct subsidiaries at such time (including New Trustco)), other than the
assets and liabilities of the Retained Business, will be contributed to a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to be formed by the Company (such
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company is referred to herein as "New
Holdings") as provided in the Distribution Agreement (the contributions and
distributions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above are referred to
collectively herein as the "New Trustco Distribution") and (b) all the shares
of capital stock of New Holdings will be distributed on a pro rata basis to
the Company's stockholders as provided in the Distribution Agreement (together
with the contribution referred to in clause (iii), the "New Holdings
Distribution" and, together with the New Trustco Distribution, the
"Distribution");
 
     WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of CMC and the Company have
determined that, following the Distribution, the merger of the Company with
and into CMC (the "Merger") with CMC as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation") would be advantageous and beneficial to their
respective corporations and stockholders;
 
     WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that (a) the
Distribution shall qualify as a tax-free distribution within the meaning of
Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and
(b) the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Code, and this Agreement is intended to be and is adopted as a plan of
reorganization; and
 
     WHEREAS, immediately following the Merger, it is contemplated that CMC
will cause USTNY to merge with, and into, The Chase Manhattan Bank (National
Association), a national banking association ("CMB") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of CMC (the "Bank Merger"), and in the Bank Merger CMB would issue
shares of its capital stock in respect of the capital stock of USTNY having a
fair market value, in aggregate, approximately equal to the fair market value
of the capital stock of USTNY immediately before the Bank Merger.
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree
as follows:
 
                                  ARTICLE I
 
                                  The Merger
 
     SECTION 1.1.  The Merger.  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the New York Business
Corporation Law (the "NYBCL") and the Delaware General Corporation Law
("DGCL"), the Company shall be merged with and into CMC at the Effective Time.
Following the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Company shall
cease and CMC shall continue as the Surviving Corporation and shall succeed to
and assume all the rights and obligations of
<PAGE>
 
the Company in accordance with the NYBCL and the DGCL. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, CMC may elect at any time prior to the Merger, instead of merging
the Company into CMC as provided above, to merge a subsidiary of CMC
(including a subsidiary of CMC to be formed after the date of this Agreement)
into the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be deemed to
have breached any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
set forth in this Agreement solely by reason of such election. In such event,
the parties agree to execute an appropriate amendment to this Agreement in
order to reflect the foregoing and, where appropriate, to provide that the
Company shall be the Surviving Corporation.
 
     SECTION 1.2.  Closing.  The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will
take place at 10:00 a.m. (subject to satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
set forth in Article VI on the first Business Day (as defined in the
Contribution Agreement) after the end of the first month ending after April
15, 1995, and more than two Business Days after satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Article VI (the "Closing Date")), at the offices of Cravath,
Swaine & Moore, Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10019,
unless another date or place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.
 
     SECTION 1.3.  Effective Time.  As soon as practicable following the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI, the parties
shall file a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any such
case, the "Certificate of Merger") executed in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the NYBCL and the DGCL, and shall make all other filings or
recordings required under the NYBCL and the DGCL. The Merger shall become
effective immediately following the Distribution, upon the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the New York Secretary of State and the Delaware
Secretary of State or at such other time as the Company and CMC shall agree
should be specified in the Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger becomes
effective being the "Effective Time").
 
     SECTION 1.4.  Effects of the Merger.  The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in Section 906 of the NYBCL and Section 259 of the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time, all the properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of the Company shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts,
liabilities, obligations and duties of the Company shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.
 
     SECTION 1.5.  Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws.  (a) The
certificate of incorporation of CMC shall be the certificate of incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or by applicable law.
 
     (b) The by-laws of CMC as in effect at the Effective Time shall be the
by-laws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable law.
 
     SECTION 1.6.  Directors.  The directors of CMC at the Effective Time
shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of
their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified, as the case may be.
 
     SECTION 1.7.  Officers.  The officers of CMC at the Effective Time shall
be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected
and qualified, as the case may be.
 
                                  ARTICLE II
 
               Effect of the Merger on the Capital Stock of the
              Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates
 
     SECTION 2.1.  Effect on Capital Stock.  As of the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company ("Company
Common Stock"):
 
          (a) Cancellation of Treasury Stock and CMC-Owned Stock.  Each share
     of Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company or by any subsidiary
     of the Company (but not any employee stock ownership plan ("ESOP") or
     other Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3.1(n)) of the Company or any
     of
 
                                      A-2
<PAGE>
 
     its subsidiaries) and each share of Company Common Stock that is owned by
     CMC or any other subsidiary of CMC, excluding, in each case, any such
     share held by the Company, CMC or any of their subsidiaries in a
     fiduciary, custodial or similar capacity (together, in each case, with
     the associated Right (as defined in Section 3.1(c)) shall automatically
     be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no common stock,
     par value $2.00 per share, of CMC ("CMC Common Stock") or other
     consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.
 
          (b) Conversion of Company Common Stock.  Subject to Section 2.2(e),
     each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock other than (i)
     shares to be canceled in accordance with Section 2.1(a) and (ii) as set
     forth in paragraph (c) below, shares that have not been voted in favor of
     the approval of this Agreement and with respect to which appraisal rights
     shall have been perfected in accordance with Section 623 of the NYBCL
     ("Dissenters' Shares"), together with the associated Right, shall be
     converted into the right to receive a number of fully paid and
     nonassessable shares of CMC Common Stock equal to the Conversion Number
     (the "Merger Consideration"). The term "Conversion Number" shall mean a
     number, expressed to three decimal places, equal to the fraction of (i)
     $363,500,000, divided by (ii) the product of (A) the greater of (1) the
     Average Value of CMC Common Stock and (2) $31.00, multiplied by (B) the
     number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately before
     the Effective Time. The term "Average Value of CMC Common Stock" shall
     mean the 10-day average of the daily average of the high and low prices
     for CMC Common Stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite
     Transaction Tape, as reprinted in The Wall Street Journal, Eastern
     Edition (or, if unavailable, another authoritative source), on each of
     the 10 trading days immediately preceding the last Business Day before
     the date of the Effective Time. As of the Effective Time, all such shares
     of Company Common Stock (and the associated Rights) shall no longer be
     outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall
     cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such
     shares of Company Common Stock (and the associated Rights) shall cease to
     have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the
     shares of CMC Common Stock and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of
     CMC Common Stock to be issued or paid in consideration therefor upon
     surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.2, without
     interest.
 
          (c) Shares of Dissenting Stockholders.  Notwithstanding anything in
     this Agreement to the contrary, no Dissenters' Shares shall be converted
     as described in Section 2.1(b) but shall become the right to receive such
     consideration as may be determined to be due in respect of such
     Dissenters' Shares pursuant to the laws of the State of New York;
     provided, however, that any Dissenters' Shares (together with the
     associated Rights) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
     and held by a stockholder who shall, after the Effective Time, lose his
     or her right of appraisal, withdraw his or her demand for appraisal as a
     matter of right under NYBCL Section 623, or, with the consent of CMC,
     otherwise withdraw his or her demand for appraisal, in either case
     pursuant to the NYBCL, shall be deemed to be converted as of the
     Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. The
     Company shall give CMC (i) prompt notice of any written demands for
     appraisal of shares of Company Common Stock received by the Company and
     (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
     respect to any such demands. The Company shall not, without the prior
     written consent of CMC, voluntarily make any payment with respect to, or
     settle, offer to settle or otherwise negotiate, any such demands.
 
     SECTION 2.2.  Exchange of Certificates.
 
          (a) Exchange Agent.  As of the Effective Time, CMC shall deposit
     with CMB or such other bank or trust company as may be designated by CMC
     (the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the holders of shares of
     Company Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Article II,
     through the Exchange Agent, certificates representing the shares of CMC
     Common Stock (such shares of CMC Common Stock, together with any
     dividends or distributions with respect thereto, being hereinafter
     referred to as the "Exchange Fund") issuable pursuant to Section 2.1 in
     exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock. CMC shall
     provide to the Exchange Agent, on a timely basis, funds necessary to pay
     any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of CMC Common Stock.
 
                                      A-3
<PAGE>
 
          (b) Exchange Procedures.  As soon as reasonably practicable after
     the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange
     Agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates
     which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding
     shares of Company Common Stock (the "Certificates") whose shares were
     converted into the right to receive shares of CMC Common Stock pursuant
     to Section 2.1 (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that
     delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
     Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the
     Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions
     as CMC may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
     the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates
     representing shares of CMC Common Stock. Upon surrender of a Certificate
     for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents
     as may be appointed by CMC, together with such letter of transmittal,
     duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by
     the Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to
     receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing that number of
     whole shares of CMC Common Stock which such holder has the right to
     receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article II, and the
     Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a
     transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock which is not registered in
     the transfer records of the Company, a certificate representing the
     proper number of shares of CMC Common Stock may be issued to a person
     other than the person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is
     registered, if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise
     be in proper form for transfer and the person requesting such payment
     shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance
     of shares of CMC Common Stock to a person other than the registered
     holder of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of CMC that
     such tax has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as
     contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate shall be deemed at any
     time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon
     such surrender the certificate representing shares of CMC Common Stock
     and cash in lieu of any fractional shares of CMC Common Stock as
     contemplated by this Section 2.2. No interest will be paid or will accrue
     on any cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of CMC Common Stock.
 
          (c) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares.  No dividends
     or other distributions with respect to CMC Common Stock with a record
     date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any
     unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the shares of CMC Common Stock
     represented thereby and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares
     shall be paid to any such holder pursuant to Section 2.2(e) until the
     surrender of such Certificate in accordance with this Article II. Subject
     to the effect of applicable laws, following surrender of any such
     Certificate, there shall be paid to the holder of the certificate
     representing whole shares of CMC Common Stock issued in exchange
     therefor, without interest, (i) at the time of such surrender, the amount
     of any cash payable in lieu of a fractional share of CMC Common Stock to
     which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and the amount
     of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
     Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of CMC
     Common Stock and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of
     dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective
     Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such
     surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of CMC Common Stock.
 
          (d) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.  All shares
     of CMC Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of
     Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II and any cash
     paid pursuant to Section 2.2(c) or 2.2(e) shall be deemed to have been
     issued and paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the
     shares of Company Common Stock theretofore represented by such
     Certificates, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on
     the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the shares of
     Company Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the
     Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented
     to the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they
     shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.
 
                                      A-4
<PAGE>
 
          (e) No Fractional Shares.
 
             (i) No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of
        CMC Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of
        Certificates, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the
        owner thereof to vote or to any rights of a stockholder of CMC.
 
             (ii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each
        holder of shares of Company Common Stock exchanged pursuant to the
        Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of
        a share of CMC Common Stock (after taking into account all
        Certificates registered to such holder) shall receive, in lieu
        thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to such fractional
        part of a share of CMC Common Stock multiplied by the average of the
        high and low prices for CMC Common Stock on the Business Day
        immediately before the Closing Date as reported on the New York Stock
        Exchange Composite Transaction Tape, as reprinted in The Wall Street
        Journal, Eastern Edition.
 
          (f) Termination of Exchange Fund.  Any portion of the Exchange Fund
     which remains undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for six
     months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to CMC, upon demand,
     and any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied
     with this Article II shall thereafter look only to CMC for payment of
     their claim for CMC Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares
     of CMC Common Stock and any dividends or distributions with respect to
     CMC Common Stock.
 
          (g) No Liability.  None of CMC, the Company or the Exchange Agent
     shall be liable to any person in respect of any shares of CMC Common
     Stock (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or cash from
     the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any
     applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.
 
                                 ARTICLE III
 
                        Representations and Warranties
 
     SECTION 3.1.  Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company
represents and warrants to CMC as follows:
 
          (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.  As used in this
     Agreement, (i) any reference to the Company and its subsidiaries means
     the Company and each of its subsidiaries, (ii) any reference to the
     Retained Company and its subsidiaries means the Company and those of its
     direct and indirect subsidiaries included in the Retained Business,
     including USTNY, (iii) any reference to the Processing Entities shall
     mean the Retained Company and its subsidiaries, but shall not include
     that portion of the assets or liabilities and business of the Retained
     Company and its subsidiaries that constitutes Acquired Assets, Assumed
     Liabilities, Delayed Assets, or Delayed Liabilities (each as defined in
     the Contribution Agreement), (iv) any references to subsidiaries of the
     Retained Company means the direct and indirect subsidiaries included in
     the Retained Business, including USTNY, (v) any reference to New Holdings
     and its subsidiaries means New Holdings at the time of the Distribution
     and those entities that at the time of Distribution will be direct or
     indirect subsidiaries of New Holdings, including New Trustco, and (vi)
     references to subsidiaries of New Holdings means those entities that at
     or immediately after the Distribution will be direct or indirect
     subsidiaries of New Holdings, including New Trustco. As used in this
     Agreement, any reference to any event, change or effect having a material
     adverse effect on or with respect to an entity (or group of entities
     taken as a whole) means such event, change or effect is, or could
     reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business,
     properties, assets, results of operations or financial condition of such
     entity (or, if with respect thereto, of such group of entities taken as a
     whole) or on the ability of such entity or group of entities to
     consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, including the
     Distribution and the Merger. The Company is a bank holding company
     registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the
     "Bank Holding Company Act"). USTNY is a wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company and a banking corporation organized under the laws of the State
     of New York. Each of the Retained Company and its subsidiaries is a bank
     or corporation duly organized,
 
                                      A-5
<PAGE>
 
     validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
     of its incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority
     to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as
     now being conducted. The Retained Company and each of its subsidiaries is
     duly qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing in each
     jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the
     nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or
     licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or
     licensed and in good standing would not in the aggregate have a material
     adverse effect on Mutual Funds Service Company, a Delaware corporation
     ("MFSC"), or on the Retained Company and its subsidiaries taken as a
     whole. True, accurate and complete copies of the Certificate of
     Incorporation and By-laws of the Retained Company and of each of its
     subsidiaries, as in effect on the date hereof, including all amendments
     thereto, have heretofore been delivered to CMC. The Company has made
     available to legal counsel for CMC true, accurate and complete copies of
     the minute books of the Retained Company and each of its subsidiaries as
     maintained by the Company or such subsidiary, as the case may be, as of
     the date hereof for the period from January 1, 1990 to and including
     September 30, 1994, and the Company has no reason to believe that such
     minute books do not contain minutes of all meetings of the boards of
     directors and stockholders of the Company or the applicable subsidiary
     for such period.
 
          (b) Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.1(b)  lists each subsidiary of the
     Retained Company. All the outstanding shares of capital stock of each
     subsidiary of the Retained Company have been validly issued and are fully
     paid and nonassessable and, except for directors' qualifying shares, if
     any, or as set forth in Schedule 3.1(b), are owned by the Retained
     Company, by another subsidiary of the Retained Company or by the Retained
     Company and another such subsidiary, free and clear of all adverse
     claims, restrictions on voting or transfer, pledges, claims, liens,
     charges, encumbrances and security interests of any kind or nature
     whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"). Except for the capital stock of the
     subsidiaries of the Retained Company and except for the ownership
     interests set forth in Schedule 3.1(b), the Retained Business does not
     include any ownership interest, directly or indirectly, in any capital
     stock or other ownership interest in any corporation, partnership, joint
     venture or other entity. The deposits of each subsidiary of the Retained
     Company that accepts deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit
     Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), to the extent provided by law.
 
          (c) Capital Structure.  As of the Business Day immediately preceding
     the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company
     consists of 40,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000
     shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share. At the close of
     business on September 30, 1994, (i) 9,386,220 shares of Company Common
     Stock and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding, (ii)
     2,125,530 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its
     treasury, (iii) 1,790,328 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
     for issuance pursuant to the Benefit Plans of the Company and its
     subsidiaries and (iv) 300,000 shares of Series A Participating Cumulative
     Preferred Stock were reserved for issuance in connection with the rights
     (the "Rights") to purchase shares of Series A Participating Cumulative
     Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of
     January 26, 1988, as amended as of December 12, 1989 (as amended from
     time to time, the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and First
     Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").
     Except as set forth above, at the close of business on September 30,
     1994, no shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the
     Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. All
     outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are, and all shares
     which may be issued pursuant to the Benefit Plans will be, when issued,
     duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not
     subject to preemptive rights. There are not any bonds, debentures, notes
     or other indebtedness of the Company or any subsidiary of the Retained
     Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable
     for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which
     stockholders of the Company or such subsidiary, as the case may be, may
     vote. Except as set forth above there are not, and except as set forth
     above or as contemplated by Section 4.1(e) immediately prior to the
     Effective Time there will not be, any securities, options, warrants,
     calls, rights, commitments, agreements, arrangements or undertakings of
     any kind to which the Retained Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
     party or by which any of them is bound obligating the Retained Company or
     any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
     delivered or sold,
 
                                      A-6
<PAGE>
 
     additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the
     Retained Company or of any of its subsidiaries or obligating the Retained
     Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into
     any such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement,
     arrangement or undertaking. As of the close of business on the Business
     Day immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, there are not any
     outstanding contractual obligations of the Retained Company or any of its
     subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
     capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company has
     delivered to CMC a complete and correct copy of the Rights Agreement as
     amended and supplemented to the date of this Agreement.
 
          (d) Authority; Noncontravention.  The Company has, and, in the case
     of any Documents (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) executed at a
     later time, the Company, New Holdings, USTNY and New Trustco will have,
     the requisite corporate power and authority (subject to the approvals
     described in the next sentence) to enter into this Agreement and the
     other Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby
     and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
     Documents and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
     contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
     necessary corporate action on the part of the Company (other than, with
     respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the
     affirmative vote of the holders of Company Common Stock representing
     66 2/3% of the shares entitled to vote (such 66 2/3%, the "Requisite
     Stockholders"), formal declaration of the Distribution by the Company's
     Board of Directors (which will be obtained prior to the Distribution) and
     approval of the Distribution by the affirmative vote of the Requisite
     Stockholders). This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
     Company and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
     obligation of CMC, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the
     Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.
     Each of the other Documents has been, or prior to the Merger or the other
     transactions contemplated thereby will be, duly executed and delivered by
     each of the Company, USTNY, New Trustco and New Holdings, as the case may
     be, and constitutes, or upon such execution and delivery will constitute,
     a valid and binding obligation of each of the Company, USTNY, New Trustco
     and New Holdings, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
     None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
     Documents or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
     thereby and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the
     other Documents will conflict with, or result in any violation of, or
     default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give
     rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any
     material obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in
     the creation of any Lien upon any of the material properties or assets of
     (i) New Holdings or the Retained Company or any subsidiary of either
     under the certificate of incorporation or by-laws or comparable charter
     or organizational documents of the Company, New Holdings or any
     subsidiary of either, (ii) the Retained Company or any of its
     subsidiaries under any Contract (as defined in the Contribution
     Agreement) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or
     by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their assets
     are bound, (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
     referred to in the following sentence, the Retained Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, under any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance,
     rule or regulation applicable to the Retained Company, or any of its
     subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets (other than, in the
     case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations, defaults,
     rights, losses or Liens that do not relate to Customer Agreements (as
     defined in the Contribution Agreement) or that individually or in the
     aggregate would not (A) have a material adverse effect on MFSC or on the
     Processing Entities taken as a whole, (B) materially impair the ability
     of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to perform their obligations
     under this Agreement or any of the other Documents to which the Company
     or such subsidiary is a party or (C) prevent the consummation of any of
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other
     Documents) or (iv) subject to the governmental filings and other matters
     referred to in the following sentence, New Holdings and its subsidiaries,
     under any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
     regulation applicable to New Holdings or any of its subsidiaries or their
     respective properties or assets or any Contract to which New Holdings or
     any of its subsidiaries is a party (other than, in the case of clause
     (iv), such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights, losses or liens that
     individually or in the aggregate would not (A) have
 
                                      A-7
<PAGE>
 
     material adverse effect on New Holdings and its subsidiaries taken as a
     whole, (B) materially impair the ability of New Holdings or any of its
     subsidiaries to perform its obligations under any Document to which it or
     any such subsidiary is a party or (C) prevent the consummation of any
     transaction contemplated by this Agreement). No consent, approval, order
     or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
     Federal, state or local government or any court, administrative agency or
     commission or other governmental authority or agency, or self-regulatory
     organization, domestic or foreign (a "Governmental Entity"), is required
     by or with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries in
     connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any of
     the other Documents to which it is a party or the consummation by the
     Company or such subsidiary, as the case may be, of the transactions
     contemplated hereby or thereby, except for (i) filings pursuant to the
     Bank Holding Company Act, (ii) the filing with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission ("SEC") of (x) a proxy statement relating to the
     approval by the Company's stockholders of this Agreement (as amended or
     supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy Statement"), (y) potentially,
     a registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the Distribution and (z)
     a registration statement on Form 10 (the "Form 10") under, and such
     reports under Section 13(a) of, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended (the "Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with this
     Agreement, the other Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby
     and thereby, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the New
     York Secretary of State and the Delaware Secretary of State and
     appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in
     which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is qualified to do business,
     (iv) filings or applications with (A) the New York State Banking
     Department in connection with the organization of New Trustco, (B) the
     FDIC and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in
     connection with obtaining FDIC insurance for New Trustco and having New
     Trustco become a member of the Federal Reserve System and (C) various
     State bank regulatory authorities in connection with the Distribution,
     (v) such filings as may be required in connection with the Gains Taxes
     (as defined in Section 3.2(c)), (vi) such consents, approvals, orders,
     authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as are set forth
     on Schedule 3.1(d) and (vii) such other consents, approvals, orders,
     authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the absence of
     which could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
     on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole.
 
          (e) SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.  The Company has filed
     all required reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
     with the SEC since January 1, 1994 (the "SEC Documents"). As of their
     respective dates (as amended), the SEC Documents complied in all material
     respects with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 (the
     "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules
     and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC
     Documents, and none of the SEC Documents contained any untrue statement
     of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
     stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
     light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     Except to the extent that information contained in any SEC Document has
     been revised or superseded by a later Filed Company SEC Document (as
     defined in Section 3.1(g)), none of the SEC Documents contains any untrue
     statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required
     to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
     therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
     misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
     Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable
     accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the
     SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally
     accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited
     statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a basis
     consistent during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the
     notes thereto) and fairly present the consolidated financial position of
     the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
     the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
     periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to
     normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the Filed
     Company SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
     has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued,
     absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by generally accepted
     accounting principles to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of
     the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries or in the notes thereto and
     which, individually or
 
                                      A-8
<PAGE>
 
     in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
     effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole.
 
          (f) Information in Disclosure Documents and Registration
     Statements.  None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the
     Company or its representatives for inclusion or incorporation by
     reference in (i) the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with
     the SEC by CMC in connection with the issuance of shares of CMC Common
     Stock in the Merger (the "Form S-4") or in any registration statement on
     Form S-1 or any other applicable form to be filed with the SEC by New
     Holdings in connection with the distribution of shares of Common Stock,
     par value $1.00 per share, of New Holdings ("New Holdings Common Stock")
     in the Distribution (the "Form S-1") will, at the time such Registration
     Statements become effective under the Securities Act and at the Effective
     Time, in the case of the Form S-4, and at the time of the meeting of
     stockholders of the Company to be held in connection with the Merger and
     the Distribution and at the time of the Distribution, in the case of the
     Form S-1, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
     state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
     make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
     they were made, not misleading and (ii) the Proxy Statement will, at the
     date mailed to the Company's stockholders and at the time of the meeting
     of stockholders to be held in connection with the Merger, contain any
     untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
     required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
     statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
     made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all
     material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules
     and regulations thereunder, and the Form S-1 will comply as to form in
     all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act or the
     Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations thereunder,
     except that no representation is made by the Company with respect to
     statements made therein based on information supplied by CMC for
     inclusion in the Proxy Statement or the Form S-1, respectively, or with
     respect to information concerning CMC or any of its Subsidiaries
     incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement.
 
          (g) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.  Except as disclosed in
     the Company SEC Documents filed and publicly available prior to the date
     of this Agreement (the "Filed Company SEC Documents") or as set forth in
     Schedule 3.1(g) or, as of the Closing Date, as disclosed in the Company
     SEC Documents filed and publicly available before the Closing Date or in
     Schedule 3.1(g) or in the Company Bring Down Certificate (as defined in
     Section 6.2(a)), since the date of the most recent audited financial
     statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, the Processing
     Entities have conducted their business only in the ordinary course,
     consistent with past practice, and there has not been (i) any material
     adverse change in MFSC or in the Processing Entities taken as a whole or
     any event that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
     effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole, (ii) any
     split, combination or reclassification of any of its capital stock or any
     issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in
     respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock
     (other than phantom share units issued under any Benefit Plan as defined
     in Section 3.1(n)), (iii) (x) any grant by the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries of any general increase in the compensation payable to
     employees who are listed in Schedule 5.8(a) who are Prospective Retained
     Employees (as defined in Section 5.8(a)), other than as provided in
     Section 5.8(e) of this Agreement, normal increases in base salary, and
     annual bonuses consistent with past practices made in the ordinary course
     of business and the payment of bonuses for the period from January 1,
     1995 through the Closing Date under any amendment made after the date of
     this Agreement to the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan or to the Incentive
     Award Plan maintained by USTNY, or as was required under employment
     agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent audited financial
     statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents or (y) any entry
     by any of the Processing Entities into any employment, severance or
     termination agreement with any executive officer who is a Prospective
     Retained Employee, other than as provided in Section 5.8(c), (iv) any
     damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, that
     has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect on MFSC or on the
     Processing Entities taken as a whole, (v) any change in accounting
     methods, principles or practices by the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, except insofar as may have been required (in the opinion of
     the Company's independent accountants) by a change in generally accepted
     accounting principles, (vi) any material decrease in the
 
                                      A-9
<PAGE>
 
     assets in the custody of or cash deposits held by the Processing Entities
     as a result of terminations of Customer (as defined in the Contribution
     Agreement) accounts or withdrawals of assets from Customer accounts,
     other than such decreases as shall have occurred in the ordinary course
     or seasonal fluctuations on a basis consistent with ordinary and general
     economic conditions, (vii) any material amendment, modification, or
     termination of any Contract, which had it not been so amended, modified
     or terminated, would be a Material Contract (as defined in Section
     3.1(l)), (viii) any acquisition of a material asset whose value upon
     liquidation would be materially less than its book value, except for such
     acquisitions of assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     past practice as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
     material adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a
     whole, (ix) any sale or disposition of any material assets or properties
     by the Processing Entities, except in the ordinary course of business,
     consistent with past practice, (x) any waiver of any material rights of
     value by any of the Processing Entities, without adequate consideration,
     except for such waivers in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practice which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
     have a material adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities
     taken as a whole or (xi) any entry into any agreement, arrangement or
     commitment to take any of the actions set forth in this Section 3.1(g).
 
          (h) Litigation.  On the date of this Agreement, except as set forth
     in Schedule 3.1(h), or as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents,
     and at the Closing Date, except for the foregoing and claims,
     investigations, suits, actions or proceedings arising, or to the
     knowledge of the Company first threatened, between the date hereof and
     the Closing Date and disclosed in the Company Bring Down Certificate (as
     defined in Section 6.2(a)), there is no claim, investigation, suit,
     action or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
     threatened, against any of the Company or its subsidiaries before or by
     any Governmental Entity or arbitrator that, individually or in the
     aggregate, could reasonably be expected to (i) have a material adverse
     effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole, (ii)
     materially impair the ability of the Retained Company or New Holdings or
     any subsidiary of either to perform any obligation under this Agreement
     or any of the other Documents, (iii) prevent, delay, alter or require the
     payment of damages in excess of $100,000 upon the consummation of any or
     all of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or (iv) result in
     liability of any or all of the Processing Entities in excess of, with
     respect to any individual claim, investigation, suit, action or
     proceeding, $100,000 or, with respect to all such claims, investigations,
     suits, actions or proceedings, $500,000, nor is there any judgment,
     decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or
     arbitrator outstanding against any of the Processing Entities having, or
     which could reasonably be expected to have, any such effect. Except as
     set forth in Schedule 3.1(h), there are no unpaid judgments, injunctions,
     orders, arbitration decisions or awards, or other judicial or
     administrative mandates outstanding against any of the Processing
     Entities. Schedule 3.1(h) also sets forth a brief summary of all claims,
     investigations, suits, actions, or proceedings against any of the
     Processing Entities that have been settled or otherwise determined at any
     time since January 1, 1994 resulting in liability of the Processing
     Entities in excess of, with respect to any individual claim,
     investigation, suit, action or proceeding, $100,000 or, with respect to
     all such claims, investigations, suits, actions or proceedings, $500,000.
 
          (i) Agreements with Regulators.  Neither the Company nor any of its
     subsidiaries is a party to any written agreement or memorandum of
     understanding with, or a party to any commitment letter or similar
     undertaking to, or is subject to any order, decree or directive by, or is
     a recipient of any extraordinary supervisory letter from, or since
     January 1, 1993 has been required to adopt any board resolution by, any
     Federal or state Governmental Entity charged with the supervision or
     regulation of banks or bank holding companies, or engaged in the
     insurance of bank deposits (the "Bank Regulators") or charged with the
     supervision or regulation of transfer agents and securities custodians
     (together with the Bank Regulators, the "Regulators"), nor has the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries been advised by any Regulator that it
     is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is considering the
     appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order, decree,
     agreement, memorandum of understanding, extraordinary supervisory letter,
     commitment letter or similar submission or requiring (or is considering
     the appropriateness of requiring) the adoption of any such board
     resolution.
 
                                     A-10
<PAGE>
 
          (j) Compliance with Applicable Laws.  On the date of this Agreement,
     except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(j), and at the Closing Date, except
     for the foregoing and as set forth in the Company Bring Down Certificate,
     the Processing Entities hold all permits, licenses, variances,
     exemptions, orders and approvals of, and have made all filings,
     applications and registrations with, all Governmental Entities which
     individually or in the aggregate are material to the operation of the
     business of MFSC or of the Processing Entities taken as a whole (the
     "Retained Company Permits"). All Retained Company Permits are in full
     force and effect in all material respects. The Retained Company and its
     subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Retained Company
     Permits, except where the failure so to comply would not have a material
     adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole.
     Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents prior to the date
     of this Agreement, the business of the Processing Entities is not being
     conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any
     Governmental Entity, except for possible violations that individually or
     in the aggregate do not, and could not reasonably be expected to, have a
     material adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a
     whole. Except for routine examinations by Bank Regulators, as of the date
     of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Company, no investigation by
     any Governmental Entity with respect to the Retained Company or any of
     its subsidiaries is pending or threatened, other than, in each case,
     those the outcome of which could not reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a
     whole.
 
          (k) Brokers or Finders.  No broker, investment banker, financial
     advisor or other person, other than CS First Boston Corporation and S. V.
     Murphy & Co., Inc., the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the
     Company, is entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or
     other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the other Documents based upon
     arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.
 
          (l) Retained Business.
 
             (i) The "Retained Business" means the business conducted with
        certain assets of the Company and USTNY, MFSC and U.S. Trust Company
        of Wyoming, a Wyoming corporation ("UST-WY"), and the liabilities
        associated with such assets, in each case other than the Acquired
        Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Delayed Assets and the Delayed
        Liabilities (each as defined in the Contribution Agreement) and the
        Acquired Assets and Assumed Liabilities (each as defined in the
        Distribution Agreement) and consists of (w) the Related Back Office,
        (x) the UIT Business (as defined in the Contribution Agreement), (y)
        the MFS Business (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) and (z)
        the IAS Business (as defined in the Contribution Agreement, and
        subject to the exceptions set forth in such definition).
 
             (ii) At the Effective Time, except for the Acquired Assets, the
        Delayed Assets and except as contemplated by the Distribution
        Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Services Agreement (as
        defined in the Contribution Agreement), and the License Agreement (as
        defined in the Contribution Agreement), neither New Holdings nor any
        of its subsidiaries will use in the conduct of its business or own or
        have rights to use any assets or property, whether tangible,
        intangible or mixed, which are also used in the conduct of the
        business of the Retained Business. At the Effective Time neither New
        Holdings nor any of its subsidiaries will be a party to any material
        agreement, arrangement or understanding with the Retained Company or
        any of its subsidiaries (other than the Documents and agreements
        specifically contemplated thereby), including, without limitation, any
        Material Contract providing for the furnishing of services or rental
        of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise relating to the
        business or operations of, any of the Retained Company or any of its
        subsidiaries or pursuant to which the Retained Company or any of its
        subsidiaries may have any material obligation or liability. After the
        Effective Time, none of the Retained Company or any of its
        subsidiaries will have any liability whatsoever, direct or indirect,
        contingent or otherwise, in any way relating to the business,
        operations, indebtedness, assets or liabilities of New Holdings or any
        of its subsidiaries, except as contemplated by the other Documents.
 
                                     A-11
<PAGE>
 
             (iii) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(l) or, at the Closing
        Date, as disclosed in the Company Bring Down Certificate, (w) all
        Material Contracts (as defined below), together with all modifications
        and amendments thereto, are valid and binding obligations of the
        parties thereto and in full force and effect, (x) none of the Material
        Contracts contains a provision described in clause (E), (M) or (O) of
        the definition of the term "Material Contracts", (y) neither the
        Retained Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in breach or default
        under any Customer Agreement, except for such breaches or defaults in
        the ordinary course of business that do not, and will not with the
        passage of time, individually or in the aggregate, have a material
        adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole,
        or in any material respect under any other Material Contract and, to
        the knowledge of the Company no other party is in material default
        thereunder and (z) neither the Retained Company nor any of its
        subsidiaries has received any notice of the intention of any
        significant customer listed in Schedule 3.1(l) (each such listed
        customer, a "Significant Customer") to terminate, or not to renew, any
        Customer Agreement or to materially reduce the required level of
        services under any such Customer Agreement. Except as set forth in
        Schedule 3.1(l) and except for the Customer Agreements and all
        Computer Leases (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) or
        agreements relating solely to Acquired Assets, neither the Retained
        Company nor any subsidiary of the Retained Company is party to any
        Contract that is a Material Contract. Except as set forth in Schedule
        3.1(l), or, at the Closing Date, as disclosed in the Company Bring
        Down Certificate, none of the Customer Agreements with any Significant
        Customer, or any other arrangements or understandings relating to the
        Company or any of its subsidiaries rendering of Processing Services to
        any Significant Customer, contains any undertaking by the Company or
        any of its subsidiaries to cap fees at other than the normal level
        that is provided for in the relevant Customer Agreement or reimburse
        or waive any or all fees thereunder. True and complete copies of each
        Material Contract, including standard terms and a current fee schedule
        for each Customer Agreement, have been made available to the CMC.
        Schedule 3.1(l) also sets forth the fee schedules in effect at
        December 31, 1993 (with respect to MFSC only) and September 30, 1994
        and any fee adjustments implemented at any time since January 1, 1994
        or presently proposed to be implemented, with respect to the
        Significant Customers. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l), as of
        the date of this Agreement, and, as of the Closing Date, as disclosed
        in the Company Bring Down Certificate, all understandings with
        Significant Customers to provide Processing Services for consideration
        in excess of $100,000 per annum are incorporated into duly executed,
        and to the best of the Company's knowledge, valid and enforceable
        written contracts with the Processing Entities.
 
          As used herein, the term "Material Contract", shall mean any
     Contract to which any of the Processing Entities is a party or by which
     any of the Processing Entities or any of the assets of any of the
     Processing Entities is bound, that is any of the following: (A) a
     Contract of employment or a consulting agreement with any person listed
     in Schedule 5.8(a) that is other than "at-will" and contains any term
     requiring any termination benefits other than under the Company's
     generally applicable severance plan; (B) a Contract with any labor union
     or association; (C) a Contract with any affiliate of the Company; (D) a
     Contract not made in the ordinary course of business; (E) a Contract
     containing a covenant not to compete; (F) a loan or similar agreement
     relating to the borrowing of money or any guarantee of indebtedness of
     any other person in excess of $100,000; (G) any lease or sublease
     relating to real property; (H) any Contract not fully performed for the
     purchase of any commodity, material, services or equipment, including
     without limitation fixed assets, for a price in excess of $100,000 in the
     aggregate over the life of the Contract; (I) any license agreement (as
     licensor or licensee) providing for future payments in excess of
     $100,000; (J) any other Contract which creates future payment obligations
     in excess of $100,000; (K) any Customer Agreement; (L) any Contract with
     a subcustodian, depositary, or clearing agency; (M) any Contract that
     obligates the Retained Company or any of its subsidiaries to obtain all
     or a substantial portion of its requirements of any goods or services
     from, or supply all or a substantial portion of the requirements for any
     goods or services of, any other person; (N) any Contract that is material
     to the conduct of the Retained Business; (O) other than the Broadway
     Lease (as defined in the Contribution Agreement), the Tremont Lease (as
     defined in the Distribution Agreement) or any
 
                                     A-12
<PAGE>
 
     Computer Lease, a put or option Contract that would obligate the Retained
     Company or any of its subsidiaries to sell any asset other than an
     Acquired Asset or Delayed Asset, to sell any Retained Asset that is
     reasonably necessary to the conduct of the Processing Business and
     Related Back Office, or to sell any material asset at a bargain price or
     to buy any material asset at a material premium and (P) other than the
     Broadway Lease, the Tremont Lease or any Computer Lease, any Contract
     that expressly limits the right of the Retained Company or any of its
     subsidiaries to terminate the Contract upon less than six months' notice
     or expressly requires it to pay liquidated damages of more than $100,000
     upon early termination.
 
          (m) Absence of Changes in Benefit Plans.  Except as set forth in
     Schedule 3.1(m) or as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents, since
     the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in the
     Filed Company SEC Document there has not been any adoption or amendment
     in any material respect by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any
     collective bargaining agreement or any Benefit Plan other than any
     adoption or amendment of a Benefit Plan that is not prohibited under
     Section 4.1(h).
 
          (n) Benefit Plans, Employment and Labor Relations.
 
             (i) Schedule 3.1(n) contains a list of all "employee pension
        benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement
        Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (sometimes referred
        to herein as "Pension Plans"), "employee welfare benefit plans" (as
        defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all other plans, agreements,
        policies or arrangements relating to stock options, stock purchases,
        compensation, deferred compensation, severance, and other employee
        benefits, in each case maintained or contributed to as of the date of
        this Agreement by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other
        person or entity that, together with the Company, is treated as a
        single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (a
        "Commonly Controlled Entity") for the benefit of any current or former
        employees, officers or directors of the Company or any Commonly
        Controlled Entity (collectively, the "Benefit Plans"). The Company has
        made available to CMC true, complete and correct copies of (w) each
        Benefit Plan (or, in the case of any unwritten Benefit Plans,
        descriptions thereof), (x) the most recent annual report on Form 5500
        filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Benefit
        Plan (if any such report was required), (y) the most recent summary
        plan description for each Benefit Plan for which such summary plan
        description is required and (z) each trust agreement or group annuity
        contract relating to any Benefit Plan.
 
             (ii) Each Benefit Plan has been administered in all material
        respects in accordance with its terms and in compliance in all
        material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the
        Code.
 
             (iii) Neither the Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has
        incurred a "complete withdrawal" or a "partial withdrawal" (as such
        terms are defined in Section 4203 and Section 4205, respectively, of
        ERISA) with respect to any "multiemployer plan" (within the meaning of
        Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) that has led to or could lead to the
        imposition of a material withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of
        ERISA that remains unpaid as of the date hereof; and neither the
        Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity maintains or contributes to
        or is obligated to maintain or contribute to any such multiemployer
        plan.
 
             (iv) Neither the Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has
        incurred any material liability, and no event has occurred or set of
        circumstances exists that could reasonably result in any material
        liability, under Title I or Title IV of ERISA (other than to a Pension
        Plan for contributions not yet due or to the Pension Benefit Guaranty
        Corporation for payment of premiums not yet due) or under Section 412
        or Chapter 43 of the Code that has not been fully paid as of the date
        hereof.
 
             (v) As of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan
        subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, other than
        any "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of
        ERISA, the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan exceed
        the present
 
                                     A-13
<PAGE>
 
        value (determined on the basis of reasonable assumptions employed by
        the independent actuary for such Pension Plan) of the "benefit
        liabilities" (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA) of
        such Pension Plan.
 
             (vi) The Company has heretofore provided CMC with access to
        complete and correct copies of each contract of employment or
        consulting agreement with any person listed in Schedule 5.8(a).
        Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to, or is
        bound by, any Contract with any labor union or association, including,
        without limitation, any collective bargaining, labor or similar
        agreement. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is in compliance
        with all applicable laws respecting employment and employment
        practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours and
        are not engaged in any unfair labor practices except where the failure
        to so comply or the result of such unfair labor practice, as the case
        may be, would not have a material adverse effect on the Retained
        Company and its subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(n):
 
                (A) there is no unfair labor practice charge or complaint
           against any of the Company and its subsidiaries pending, or to the
           knowledge of the Company, threatened before the National Labor
           Relations Board;
 
                (B) there has not occurred nor, to the knowledge of the
           Company, has there been threatened, a labor strike, request for
           representation, work stoppage or lockout;
 
                (C) there is no representation claim or petition pending
           before the National Labor Relations Board respecting the employees
           of any of the Company and its subsidiaries;
 
                (D) no grievance or any arbitration proceeding arising out of
           any collective bargaining agreement to which any of the Company and
           its subsidiaries is a party is pending;
 
                (E) no charges with respect to or relating to any of the
           Company and its subsidiaries are pending before the Equal
           Employment Opportunity Commission or any state, local or foreign
           agency responsible for the prevention of unlawful employment
           practices;
 
                (F) no claims relating to employment or loss of employment
           with any of the Company and its subsidiaries are pending in any
           federal, state or local court or in any other adjudicatory body
           and, to the knowledge of Company, no such claims against any of the
           Company and its subsidiaries have been threatened; and
 
                (G) none of the Company and its subsidiaries has received
           notice of the intent of any federal, state, local or foreign agency
           responsible for the enforcement of labor or employment regulations
           to conduct an investigation of or relating to any of the Company
           and its subsidiaries, and no such investigation is in progress.
 
          (o) State Takeover Statutes.  The Board of Directors of the Company
     has approved the Merger, the Distribution, this Agreement and the other
     Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and such
     approval is sufficient to render inapplicable to the Merger, the
     Distribution, this Agreement and the other Documents and the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and such other Documents the provisions of
     Section 912 of the NYBCL. To the best of the Company's knowledge, no
     other state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation (other than
     state banking or financial institution laws and regulations) applies or
     purports to apply to the Merger, the Distribution, this Agreement, and
     the other Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement or such other Documents.
 
          (p) Rights Agreement.  The Company has taken all necessary action to
     (i) render the Rights inapplicable to the Merger, the Distribution and
     the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
     Documents and (ii) ensure that (A) neither CMC nor any of its affiliates
     is an "Acquiring Person" (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and (B)
     neither a Distribution Date nor a Triggering Event (each as defined in
     the Rights Agreement) will occur by reason of the announcement or
     consummation of the Merger or the consummation of any of the other
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Documents.
 
                                     A-14
<PAGE>
 
          (q) Intellectual Property.  Except for third-party PC software
     installed on servers, workstations and personal computers, Schedule
     3.1(q) sets forth a list of all licenses held by the Processing Entities
     for all application and system software utilized in the conduct of the
     Retained Business. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(q), and subject to
     obtaining any required third party consents, the Retained Company and its
     subsidiaries own or have, or on the delivery of the License Agreement
     will have, rights to use all systems and applications software reasonably
     necessary to the conduct of the Processing Business and Related Back
     Office in the manner currently being conducted and such use does not, and
     will not immediately after the Effective Time, conflict with the rights
     of others, except for such conflicts that individually or in the
     aggregate have not had and are not reasonably likely to have a material
     adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing Entities taken as a whole.
 
          (r) Taxes.  Each of the Company and each of its subsidiaries has
     filed all Federal income tax returns and all other material returns and
     reports required to be filed by it and has paid (or the Company has paid
     on its behalf) all material taxes required to be paid by it, and the most
     recent financial statements contained in the Filed Company SEC Documents
     reflect an adequate reserve for all taxes payable by the Company and its
     subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof through the
     date of such financial statements. Except as disclosed in Schedule
     3.1(r), no deficiencies for any taxes have been proposed, asserted or
     assessed against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and no requests
     for waivers of the time to assess any such taxes are pending. The Federal
     income tax returns of the Company and each of its subsidiaries
     consolidated in such returns have been examined by and settled with the
     Service for all years through 1987. As used in this Agreement, "taxes"
     shall include all Federal, state, local and foreign income, property,
     sales, excise and other taxes, tariffs or governmental charges of any
     nature whatsoever.
 
          (s) Opinion of Financial Advisor.  The Company has received the
     opinion of CS First Boston Corporation, dated November 17, 1994, to the
     effect that, as of such date, the consideration to be received in the
     Merger by the Company's stockholders is fair to the Company's
     stockholders from a financial point of view, a signed copy of which
     opinion has been delivered to CMC.
 
          (t) September Balance Sheets.  Attached as Exhibit 3.1(t) hereto are
     the unaudited balance sheets of the Processing Entities on a combined
     basis and of MFSC on an individual basis as of September 30, 1994 (the
     "September Balance Sheets"). Such balance sheets have been prepared in
     accordance with the Accounting Principles (as set forth in Schedule 1.1A
     of the Contribution Agreement) (except as may be indicated in the notes
     thereto) and fairly present the combined assets and liabilities of the
     Processing Entities and of MFSC as of the date thereof. Except as set
     forth in the September Balance Sheets, none of the Processing Entities
     had as of the date thereof any liabilities or obligations of any nature
     (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by
     generally accepted accounting principles to be set forth on a combined
     balance sheet of the Processing Entities or a balance sheet of MFSC or in
     the notes thereto which, individually or in the aggregate, could
     reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on MFSC or on
     the Processing Entities taken as a whole.
 
          (u) Books of Account.  The books of account of the Processing
     Entities are maintained in all material respects in compliance with all
     applicable legal and accounting requirements.
 
          (v) Reports.  Since December 31, 1993, the Company and its
     subsidiaries have filed all reports, registrations and statements,
     together with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto,
     that were required to be filed with any applicable Federal, state, local
     or foreign authorities, except where the failure to so file would not,
     individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the
     financial condition, business or results of operations of MFSC or of the
     Processing Entities taken as a whole (all such reports and statements are
     collectively referred to herein as the "Company Reports"). As of their
     respective dates, the Company Reports complied with the statutes, rules,
     regulations and orders enforced or promulgated by the regulatory
     authority with which they were filed except where the failure to comply
     with such statutes, rules, regulations and orders would not, individually
     or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the financial
     condition, business or results of operations of MFSC or of the Processing
     Entities taken as whole.
 
                                     A-15
<PAGE>
 
        (w) Properties.
 
             (i) Except (A) as may be reflected in the September Balance
        Sheets, (B) for any lien for current taxes not yet delinquent, (C) for
        pledges to secure deposits of states or municipalities and (D) for
        such other Liens as do not materially affect the value of the property
        reflected in the September Balance Sheets or acquired since the date
        of the September Balance Sheets and which do not, individually or in
        the aggregate, materially interfere with or impair the present and
        continued use of such property, the Processing Entities have good
        title, free and clear of any Liens, to all of the property reflected
        in the September Balance Sheets, and all property acquired since the
        date of the September Balance Sheets, except such property as has been
        disposed of (or, in the case of receivables, collected or paid) in the
        ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. As of
        September 30, 1994, all the material tangible personal property owned
        or leased by the Processing Entities was in good working condition
        (normal wear and tear excepted) and was suitable in all material
        respects for the purposes for which it was being used. Subject to any
        necessary consents required with respect to any Data Processing
        Licenses, and to appropriate arrangements with affiliates of New
        Trustco for the provision of certain services in the states of
        California and Oregon, and except for the Acquired Assets specifically
        identified in Section 2.2(a) of the Contribution Agreement and the
        Acquired Third Party Service Agreements (as defined in the
        Contribution Agreement), the Retained Assets and the rights granted
        under the License Agreement are adequate to enable the Processing
        Entities to conduct the Retained Business immediately following the
        Effective Time in substantially the same manner as conducted by the
        Company and its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time
        (without taking into account regulatory issues and contractual
        obligations to which CMB, or its properties, are subject).
 
             (ii) Schedule 3.1(w) attached hereto sets forth a list as of the
        date hereof of all leases of real property, identifying separately
        each lease, to which any of the Processing Entities are a party or by
        which any of the Processing Entities are bound (collectively, the
        "Leases"). The Leases are in full force and effect and neither the
        Company nor any subsidiary has received a notice of default or
        termination with respect to such Leases. On the date hereof, except as
        set forth on Schedule 3.1(w) or, on the Closing Date, except as set
        forth in such Schedule or as disclosed in the Company Bring Down
        Certificates, there has not occurred any event that constitutes, or
        with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would
        constitute a breach by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company of,
        or default by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company in, the
        performance of any covenant, agreement or condition contained in any
        Lease, which breach or default would, individually or in the
        aggregate, have a material adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing
        Entities taken as a whole. On the date hereof, except as set forth in
        Schedule 3.1(w), or, on the Closing Date except as set forth in such
        Schedule or, as disclosed in the Company Bring Down Certificate, the
        Company has no knowledge of any obligation on its part, or the part of
        its subsidiaries, to make material improvements or material
        extraordinary payments with respect to such leased premises. The
        Leases constitute all the real property reasonably necessary for the
        conduct of the Retained Business in the manner heretofore conducted.
        None of the Processing Entities owns any real property. All of the
        real properties that are subject to the Leases and all of the fixtures
        and other improvements thereon are in good operating condition and
        have been adequately maintained and neither the Company nor any of its
        subsidiaries has received any notice within the last two years that it
        is in material violation of any applicable building code, zoning
        ordinance or other law or regulation, other than notices as to
        violations which have been remedied.
 
          (x) Absence of Certain Conditions.  On the date hereof, except as
     set forth on Schedule 3.1(x) or, as of the Closing Date, except as set
     forth in such Schedule or as disclosed in the Company Bring Down
     Certificate, there exists no material "out of balance" or similar
     condition with respect to any Investment Company Customer (as defined in
     Section 3.1(y)) to which MFSC furnishes Administration Services (as
     defined in the Post Closing Covenants Agreement). For purposes of this
     clause (x), material shall mean a condition that would cause a net asset
     value change in any unit of at least 1/2 of 1% of net asset value.
 
                                     A-16
<PAGE>
 
          (y) Investment Companies.
 
             (i) As used in this Agreement, the term "Investment Company"
        shall have the meaning provided in the Investment Company Act of 1940,
        as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), provided that for purposes
        of this Agreement the term Investment Company shall include any person
        that would be an investment company, as defined in that Act, but for
        the exemption contained in Section 3(c)(1), the final clause of
        Section 3(c)(3) or Section 3(c)(11) of the Investment Company Act.
        Schedule 3.1(y) is a list, by sponsor, of each Customer which is an
        Investment Company ("Investment Company Customer") showing, as of
        September 30, 1994, the type, the net asset value, and the number of
        stockholders and other holders of beneficial interests of such
        Investment Company.
 
             (ii) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(y) hereto, no Investment
        Company Customer for which any of the Processing Entities has, or has
        had, responsibility for preparing or for filing any Federal, State or
        local tax return has, since the Processing Entities commenced
        preparing or filing such Customers' returns or, to the Company's best
        knowledge, since January 1, 1985, changed its fiscal year. In the case
        of each U.S. Investment Company Customer identified in Schedule 3.1(y)
        that has elected to be treated as a "regulated investment company"
        under Subchapter M of Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of the Code and with
        respect to which any of the Processing Entities has, or has had,
        responsibility for preparing or filing Federal tax returns, to the
        best knowledge of the Company, such Investment Company Customer has,
        at all times since the end of the most recent taxable year of such
        Investment Company Customer that has been closed and for which the
        statute of limitations for assessments has expired, qualified as a
        "regulated investment company" and each such Investment Company
        Customer has complied with all applicable provisions of law necessary
        to preserve and retain such Investment Company Customer's election and
        status as a regulated investment company or has determined not to
        retain such status.
 
             (iii) Since January 1, 1990, none of the information or data
        furnished by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for inclusion in
        any registration statement filed under the Securities Act with respect
        to the shares of any U.S. Investment Company Customer contained, as of
        the effective date of the registration statement, any untrue statement
        of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
        stated therein in order to make the statements therein not misleading.
        None of the information furnished by the Company for inclusion in any
        annual report, semi-annual report, transition reports, prospectus,
        proxy statements or sales literature of any Investment Company
        Customer, or any amendment or supplement, as of the respective dates
        of the report or other document, included an untrue statement of a
        material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order
        to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
        under which they were made, not misleading.
 
             (iv) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(y), none of the
        transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Documents
        will require the approval of the stockholders, holders of beneficial
        interests or other holders of the equity of any Investment Company
        Customer or the boards of directors or the trustees of such Investment
        Company Customers as a condition to the continued validity of any
        underlying Customer Agreement.
 
             (v) Insofar as any of the Processing Entities has legal liability
        under an administration, custody, or similar agreement, or otherwise,
        for compliance with the matters covered by the following, since
        January 1, 1990: (A) each of the Processing Entities has or will have
        on or prior to the Effective Time, properly prepared in all material
        respects, executed and timely filed, all federal, state and local tax
        returns for income, franchise, sales, withholding, property, excise
        and other taxes applicable to any Investment Company Customer having a
        due date (taking into account any extension granted prior to the
        Effective Time) on or prior to the Effective Time, and has or will
        have paid all taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges
        shown on said returns or otherwise required to be paid by any
        Investment Company Customer as of or prior to the Effective Time; (B)
        all of such returns are complete and accurate in all material respects
        and have been prepared
 
                                     A-17
<PAGE>
 
        substantially in accordance with all applicable legal requirements;
        (C) no tax liabilities, disallowances or assessments relating to any
        Investment Company Customer have been assessed or proposed or will
        have been assessed or proposed as of the Effective Time and none of
        the Retained Company or any of its subsidiaries is aware of any basis
        for any such assessment; (D) except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(y),
        the Federal income tax returns for each Investment Company Customer
        for prior periods have not been audited by the Service; (E) any
        amounts credited to the reserve account of an Investment Company
        Customer as a provision for taxes is adequate for the period to which
        it pertains; (F) without limiting the foregoing, each Unit Trust (as
        defined in the Contribution Agreement) which does not qualify as a
        grantor trust under Subpart E of Subchapter J of the Code, qualifies
        as a "regulated investment company" under Section 851 of the Code, and
        has so qualified during its entire existence and (G) none of the Unit
        Trusts is or has been liable for tax under Section 4982 of the Code.
 
             (vi) Each of the representations and warranties set forth in this
        Section 3.1(y), other than those set forth in clauses (i) or (iv), is
        made only insofar as the failure of such representation and warranty
        to be true with respect to any matter or series of related matters
        would have a material adverse effect on MFSC or on the Processing
        Entities taken as a whole.
 
          (z) Customers.  Schedule 3.1(z) lists with respect to each line of
     business (i.e., IAS Business, MFS Business and UIT Business) each current
     Customer (or major sponsor in the case of Unit Trusts) and sets forth
     with respect to each Customer (or major sponsor in the case of Unit
     Trusts or sponsor in the case of any mutual fund complex in the case of
     MFSC) as of September 30, 1994:
 
             (i) the approximate aggregate market value (or par value in the
        case of Unit Trusts) of net assets held in "Custody" or "Assets
        Administered" with the asset values for each of the three categories
        separately identified;
 
             (ii) for each MFS Customer, the aggregate market value of net
        assets subject to (A) fund administration, (B) fund accounting
        services and (C) transfer agency services;
 
             (iii) for each MFS Customer, the fees (segmented by "fund
        accounting fees," "fund administration fees," "transfer agency fees"
        and "custody fees") earned by the Company for the three quarters ended
        September 30, 1994;
 
             (iv) for each IAS Customer, "Fiduciary or other fees" earned by
        the Company for the three quarters ended September 30, 1994;
 
             (v) for each UIT Customer, "UIT trustee fees" earned by the
        Company for the three quarters ended September 30, 1994; and
 
             (vi) any revenues not specifically allocated to individual
        Customers or sponsors separately segmented for each of the IAS
        Business, MFS Business and UIT Business.
 
          (aa) Unit Investment Trusts.  USTNY is qualified to act as a trustee
     of a registered unit investment trust in accordance with the requirements
     of Section 26(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act and each trust
     agreement relating to a series of a unit investment trust and the
     standard terms and conditions incorporated therein. Each of USTNY and
     MFSC is a transfer agent registered under Section 17A of the Exchange
     Act. USTNY is, and immediately prior to the Effective Time will be, the
     duly appointed and acting trustee of each of the Unit Trusts. Except as
     set forth on Schedule 3.1(z), as of September 30, 1994, (i) the
     "calculated lag" for each Customer varied by no more than $0.05 per
     $1,000 unit from the "trading lag", (ii) there was no material difference
     (defined as 1/2 of 1% of the net asset value) between the net asset value
     in the most recent audited financial statements for each trust and the
     comparable net asset value used for secondary market trading and (iii)
     there is no misstatement of a Customer account (including an Investment
     Company account, asset, liability or expense (including trust related
     expenses)) that exceeds generally accepted standards of materiality
     applicable to the Customer.
 
                                     A-18
<PAGE>
 
        (ab) Standards.
 
             (i) Each of the Retained Company and its subsidiaries maintains
        records that in all material respects reflect its and, in cases in
        which it holds Customer assets, its Customers' transactions,
        dispositions and acquisitions of assets, and receipt of funds and
        maintains a system of internal accounting controls, policies and
        procedures sufficient to make it reasonable to expect that (A) such
        transactions are executed in accordance with its management's general
        or specific authorization, (B) such transactions are recorded in
        conformity with any applicable accounting principles and in such a
        manner as to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
        with any applicable accounting principles and any other criteria
        applicable to such statements and to maintain accountability for
        assets, (C) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
        management's general or specific authorization, (D) the recorded
        accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at
        reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
        any differences and (E) records of such transactions are retained,
        protected and duplicated in accordance with prudent banking and
        fiduciary practices and applicable regulatory requirements.
 
             (ii) The Company has made available to CMC true, accurate and
        complete copies of all internal and external audit control
        recommendations and exception items, and deficiency letters from
        Governmental Entities, concerning all Customers at any time since
        January 1, 1992, and of the response of the Company and its
        subsidiaries thereto. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ab), the
        Company and its subsidiaries have, to the extent and at or before the
        times set forth in such responses, materially complied with or
        otherwise substantively addressed such recommendations, exceptions and
        deficiency items.
 
             (iii) The data and transaction processing services of the
        Retained Company are of the quality generally maintained as of the
        date of this Agreement by securities processing businesses similarly
        situated and are generally adequate for the performance of the
        Processing Business and Related Back Office. The Company has delivered
        to CMC true, accurate and complete copies of any management reports
        and any report cards prepared by the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries or by any Customer in connection with the 15 largest (by
        aggregate revenues billed) Customers of the Retained Business at any
        time since August 11, 1994. Schedule 3.1(ab) sets forth for each
        business unit of the Retained Business as of the date or dates
        specified, the following information (in each case by number of items
        and dollar amount): (A) as of September 30, 1994, transactions
        (financial or otherwise) not processed on the same day, (B) as of
        September 30, 1994, reject rate by quality control by error reason,
        (C) as of September 30, 1994, any kick-out transactions, (D) as of
        September 30, 1994, adjustment transactions processed, (E) as of
        September 30, 1994, "as of" trades processed and reasons therefor and
        (F) as of September 30, 1994, financial transactions processed,
        including, without limitation, purchases, exchanges, transfers and
        redemptions by account.
 
          (ac) Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.  No representation
     or warranty made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in this
     Agreement or the Schedules hereto (which are an integral part hereof) is
     false or misleading in any material respect or contains any material
     misstatement of fact.
 
     SECTION 3.2.  Representations and Warranties of CMC.  CMC represents and
warrants to the Company as follows:
 
          (a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.  CMC is a bank
     holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act. Each of
     CMC and CMB is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
     standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, in the case of CMC, and
     the United States, in the case of CMB, and has all requisite corporate
     power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry
     on its business as now being conducted. Each of CMC and CMB is duly
     qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing in each
     jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the
     nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or
     licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or
     licensed and in good standing would not in the aggregate have a material
     adverse effect on CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
 
                                     A-19
<PAGE>
 
     True, accurate and complete copies of the CMC's certificate of
     incorporation and by-laws, as in effect on the date hereof, including all
     amendments thereto, have heretofore been made available to the Company.
 
          (b) Capital Structure.  As of the Business Day immediately preceding
     the date of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of CMC consists
     of 500,000,000 shares of CMC Common Stock and 100,000,000 shares of
     preferred stock, without par value. At the close of business on September
     30, 1994, (i) 181,289,886 shares of CMC Common Stock and 56,000,000
     shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) 4,000,000
     shares of CMC Common Stock were held by CMC in its treasury, (iii)
     19,011,983 shares of CMC Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant
     to The Chase Lincoln First Bank, N.A. 1982 Incentive Stock Plan, The
     Chase Manhattan 1982 Long-Term Incentive Plan, The Chase Manhattan 1987
     Long-Term Incentive Plan and The Chase Manhattan 1994 Long-Term Incentive
     Plan, 3,310,875 shares of CMC Common Stock were reserved for issuance
     pursuant to warrants issued in settlement of a legal action, 14,000,000
     shares of CMC Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to The
     Chase Manhattan Stock Option Program for Employees and 9,596,151 shares
     of CMC Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to CMC's Dividend
     Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and (iv) 2,500,000 shares of CMC
     Junior Participating Preferred Stock were reserved for issuance in
     connection with the rights to purchase shares of CMC Junior Participating
     Preferred Stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 15,
     1989, between CMC and Mellon Securities Trust Company, as successor
     Rights Agent. Except as set forth above, at the close of business on the
     Business Day immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, no shares
     of capital stock or other voting securities of CMC were issued, reserved
     for issuance or outstanding. All outstanding shares of capital stock of
     CMC are, and all shares which may be issued pursuant to this Agreement
     will be, when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
     nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. There are not any
     bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of CMC having the right to
     vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the
     right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of CMC may vote.
     Except as set forth above, as of the close of business on the Business
     Day immediately preceding the date of this Agreement, there are not any
     securities, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements,
     arrangements or undertakings of any kind to which CMC or any of its
     subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound obligating CMC
     or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
     issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other
     voting securities of CMC or obligating CMC or any of its subsidiaries to
     issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option, warrant,
     call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. As of the
     close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of
     this Agreement, there are not any outstanding contractual obligations of
     CMC or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
     any shares of capital stock of CMC.
 
          (c) Authority; Noncontravention.  CMC has all requisite corporate
     power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the
     transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
     Agreement and the other Documents to which it is a party and the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
     been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
     CMC. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by CMC and
     assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the
     Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of CMC, enforceable
     against it in accordance with its terms. None of the execution and
     delivery of this Agreement, the other Documents to which CMC is a party
     or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
     and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement or such other
     Documents will conflict with, or result in any violation of, or default
     (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to
     a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or
     to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any
     Lien upon any of the properties or assets of CMC or CMB under, (i) the
     certificate of incorporation or by-laws of CMC or the comparable charter
     or organizational documents of any other subsidiary of CMC (including
     CMB), (ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
     lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise or
     license to which CMC or CMB is a party or by which CMC or CMB or any of
     their respective assets are bound or (iii) subject to the governmental
     filings and other matters referred to in the following sentence, any
     judgment, order, decree, statute, law,
 
                                     A-20
<PAGE>
 
     ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to CMC, CMB or their respective
     properties or assets other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii),
     any such conflicts, violations, defaults, rights or Liens that
     individually or in the aggregate would not (x) have a material adverse
     effect on CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (y) materially
     impair the ability of CMC to perform its obligations under this Agreement
     or the other Documents to which it is a party or (z) prevent the
     consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
     such other Documents to which it is party. No consent, approval, order or
     authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
     Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to CMC or any
     subsidiary of CMC in connection with the execution and delivery of this
     Agreement and any of the other Documents to which it is a party, or the
     consummation by CMC or CMB of any of the transactions contemplated hereby
     and thereby except for (i) filings pursuant to the Bank Holding Company
     Act, (ii) the filing with the SEC of the Form S-4 and such reports under
     Sections 13 and 16(a) of the Exchange Act as may be required in
     connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the New
     York Secretary of State and the Delaware Secretary of State and
     appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in
     which the Company is qualified to do business, (iv) such filings as may
     be required in connection with the New York State Real Property Transfer
     Tax, the New York State Real Property Transfer Gains Tax and the New York
     City Real Property Transfer Tax (collectively, the "Gains Taxes"), (v)
     filings or applications with (A) the Board of Governors of the Federal
     Reserve System under the Bank Holding Company Act with respect to the
     Merger; (B) the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC") in
     connection with (I) a possible conversion of Chase Cal (as defined in
     Section 5.15) into a bank, (II) the Bank Merger, and (III) the assumption
     by Chase Cal of custody relationships of UST-Cal in accordance with
     Section 5.15; (C) the FDIC in connection with a possible conversion of
     Chase Cal into a bank; (D) New York State Department of Banking with
     respect to the acquisition of USTNY and (E) various state regulatory
     authorities, (vi) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
     registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under the
     "takeover" or "blue sky" laws of various states, (vii) such filings,
     consents or approvals as may be required in connection with qualifying
     Chase Cal pursuant to Section 5.15 and (viii) such other consents,
     approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
     filings the failure of which to obtain or make could not reasonably be
     expected to have a material adverse effect on CMC and its subsidiaries
     taken as a whole.
 
          (d) SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.  CMC has filed all
     required reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents with
     the SEC since January 1, 1994 (the "CMC SEC Documents"). As of their
     respective dates, the CMC SEC Documents complied in all material respects
     with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
     case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
     thereunder applicable to such CMC SEC Documents, and none of the CMC SEC
     Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
     state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
     to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
     they were made, not misleading. Except to the extent that information
     contained in any CMC SEC Document has been revised or superseded by a
     later CMC SEC Document, none of the CMC SEC Documents contained any
     untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact
     required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
     statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
     made, not misleading. The financial statements of CMC included in the CMC
     SEC Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable
     accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the
     SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally
     accepted accounting principles (except, in the case of unaudited
     statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a basis
     consistent with CMC's financial statements included in its CMC SEC
     Documents (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly
     present the consolidated financial position of CMC and its consolidated
     subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of
     their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in
     the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).
     Except as set forth in the CMC SEC Documents, neither CMC nor any of its
     subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether
     accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) required by generally
 
                                     A-21
<PAGE>
 
     accepted accounting principles to be set forth on a consolidated balance
     sheet of CMC and its consolidated subsidiaries or in the notes thereto
     and which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
     to have a material adverse effect on CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a
     whole.
 
          (e) Information in Disclosure Documents and Registration
     Statements.  None of the information supplied by CMC or its
     representatives for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the
     Form S-4 will, at the time the Form S-4 becomes effective under the
     Securities Act and at the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
     therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
     circumstances in which they were made, not misleading and (ii) the Proxy
     Statement will, at the date mailed to stockholders and at the time of the
     meeting of the Company's stockholders to be held in connection with the
     Merger, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
     any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
     make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
     they are made, not misleading. The Form S-4 will comply as to form in all
     material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules
     and regulations thereunder, except that no representation is made by CMC
     with respect to statements made therein based on information supplied by
     the Company for inclusion in the Form S-4 or with respect to information
     concerning the Company or any of its subsidiaries incorporated by
     reference in the Form S-4.
 
          (f) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.  Except as disclosed in
     the CMC SEC Documents filed and publicly available prior to the date of
     this Agreement (the "Filed CMC SEC Documents") or, as of the Closing
     Date, as disclosed in the CMC SEC Documents filed and publicly available
     before the Closing Date or in the CMC Bring Down Certificate, (i) since
     the date of the most recent audited financial statements included in the
     Filed CMC SEC Documents, there has not been any material adverse change
     in CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or any event affecting CMC
     and its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have such a
     material adverse effect, and (ii) there has not been (A) any split,
     combination or reclassification of any of CMC's capital stock or any
     issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in
     respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital
     stock, (B) any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by
     insurance, that has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect on
     CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (C) any change in
     accounting methods, principles or practices by CMC materially affecting
     its assets, liabilities or business, except insofar as may have been
     required (in the opinion of the CMC's independent accountants) by a
     change in generally accepted accounting principles.
 
          (g) Litigation.  Except as disclosed in the Filed CMC SEC Documents
     or, as of the Closing Date, as disclosed in CMC SEC Documents filed and
     publicly available before the Closing Date or in the CMC Bring Down
     Certificate, there is no claim, investigation, suit, action or proceeding
     pending or, to the knowledge of CMC, threatened, against any of CMC or
     any of its subsidiaries before or by any Governmental Entity or
     arbitrator that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
     expected to (i) have a material adverse effect on CMC and its
     subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) materially impair the ability of CMC
     to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other
     Documents to which it is a party or (iii) prevent, delay or alter the
     consummation of any or all of the transactions contemplated hereby or
     thereby, nor is there any judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of
     any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against CMC or any of
     its subsidiaries having, or which could reasonably be expected to have,
     any such effect.
 
          (h) Agreements with Bank Regulators.  Neither CMC nor CMB is a party
     to any written agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or a party
     to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any
     order, decree or directive by, or is a recipient of any extraordinary
     supervisory letter from, or since January 1, 1993 has been required to
     adopt any board resolution by, any Regulator which restricts materially
     the conduct of its business, or in any manner relates to its capital
     adequacy, its credit policies or its management, except for those the
     existence of which has been disclosed to the Company prior to the date of
     this Agreement, nor has CMC or CMB been advised by any Regulator that it
     is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is considering the
     appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order, decree,
     agreement, memorandum or understanding, extraordinary supervisory
 
                                     A-22
<PAGE>
 
     letter, commitment letter or similar submission, or requiring (or is
     considering the appropriateness of requiring) the adoption of any such
     board resolution, except as disclosed in writing to the Company prior to
     the date hereof.
 
          (i) Compliance with Applicable Laws.  CMC and its subsidiaries hold
     all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of,
     and have made all filings, applications and registrations with, all
     Governmental Entities which individually or in the aggregate are material
     to the operation of the businesses of CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a
     whole (the "CMC Permits"). All CMC Permits are in full force and effect
     in all material respects. CMC and its subsidiaries are in compliance with
     the terms of the CMC Permits, except where the failure so to comply would
     not have a material adverse effect on CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a
     whole. Except as disclosed in the Filed CMC SEC Documents or, as of the
     Closing Date, as disclosed in CMC SEC Documents filed and publicly
     available before the Closing Date or in the CMC Bring Down Certificate,
     the businesses of CMC and its subsidiaries are not being conducted in
     violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity,
     except for possible violations which individually or in the aggregate do
     not, and could not reasonably be expected to, have a material adverse
     effect on CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Except for routine
     examinations by Bank Regulators, as of the date of this Agreement, to the
     knowledge of CMC, no investigation by any Governmental Entity with
     respect to CMC or any of its subsidiaries is pending or threatened, other
     than, in each case, those the outcome of which could not reasonably be
     expected to have a material adverse effect on CMC and its subsidiaries
     taken as a whole.
 
          (j) Consummation of Transactions.  CMC has not received notice from
     any Federal or state governmental agency or authority indicating that it
     would oppose or not grant or issue its consent or approval, if required,
     with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the
     best knowledge of CMC, no event has occurred, and no condition exists,
     which would materially and adversely affect its ability to effect the
     transactions contemplated hereby or to make payment of the Merger
     Consideration at the time it would be required to do so under this
     Agreement.
 
          (k) Voting Requirements.  No action by the stockholders of CMC is
     required to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement.
 
          (l) Brokers.  No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or
     other person is entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's
     or other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on
     behalf of CMC.
 
          (m) Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.  No representation
     or warranty made by CMC in this Agreement is false or misleading in any
     material respect or contains any material misstatement of fact.
 
                                  ARTICLE IV
 
                                  Covenants
 
     SECTION 4.1.  Covenants of the Company with Respect to the Retained
Business.  During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing
until the Effective Time, the Company agrees as to itself and its subsidiaries
that, except for the Distribution and the other transactions expressly
provided for in the Distribution Agreement and the Contribution Agreement, as
expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, or to the extent that
CMC shall otherwise consent in writing:
 
          (a) Ordinary Course.  The Company and its subsidiaries shall each
     carry on the Retained Business in the usual, regular and ordinary course
     consistent with past practice and use its reasonable efforts to preserve
     intact the present business organization, keep available, consistent with
     past practice, the services of Prospective Retained Employees (as defined
     in Section 5.8(a)) and preserve the relationships with customers,
     suppliers and others having business dealings with the Retained Business,
     it being understood that (i) certain employees of the Retained Business
     will also be engaged in activities for the businesses to be contributed
     and distributed to New Trustco and New Holdings, (ii) the failure of any
 
                                     A-23
<PAGE>
 
     employees of the Retained Business to remain employees of the Retained
     Business or become employees of CMC or any affiliate of CMC shall not
     constitute a breach of this covenant and (iii) the Retained Company and
     its subsidiaries may comply with their respective contractual obligations
     under the contracts to which they are parties (provided that the
     execution of such contracts by the Retained Company or the applicable
     subsidiary does not constitute a breach of, or default under, this
     Agreement).
 
          (b) Changes in Stock.  The Company shall not, nor shall it permit
     any subsidiaries of the Retained Company to, nor shall the Company
     propose to, (i) split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or
     issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in
     respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock
     (other than phantom share units required to be issued under any Benefit
     Plan) or (ii) other than in connection with the exercise of stock options
     outstanding as of the date of this Agreement under any Benefit Plan,
     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any subsidiary to
     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any shares of capital stock of
     the Company or any of its subsidiaries; provided, however, that the
     foregoing shall not prohibit the redemption by MFSC of capital stock
     issued to the Company or the conversion of debt or preferred equity of
     MFSC issued to the Company into common equity in connection with or in
     anticipation of the transactions contemplated by the Distribution
     Agreement.
 
          (c) Issuance of Securities.  Except as set forth in Schedule 4.1(c),
     the Retained Company shall not, nor shall the Retained Company permit any
     of its subsidiaries to, issue, transfer or sell, or authorize or propose
     or agree to the issuance, transfer or sale by the Retained Company or any
     such subsidiary of, any shares of its capital stock of any class or other
     equity interests or any securities convertible into, or any rights,
     warrants, calls, subscriptions, options or other rights or agreements,
     commitments or understandings to acquire, any such shares, equity
     interests or convertible securities, other than (i) the issuance of
     shares of Company Common Stock (x) upon the exercise of stock options
     outstanding as of the date of this Agreement pursuant to any Benefit
     Plan, (y) to make any payment under any Benefit Plan that is required to
     be made in the form of shares of Company Common Stock or (z) to make
     acquisitions of capital stock or assets of another entity provided that
     such acquisition is permitted pursuant to clause (e) of this Section 4.1
     and (ii) issuances by a wholly owned subsidiary of its capital stock to
     its parent.
 
          (d) Governing Documents.  The Company shall not, nor shall it permit
     any subsidiaries of the Retained Company to, amend or propose to amend
     its certificate of incorporation (or, if applicable, its articles of
     incorporation or other charter document) or by-laws.
 
          (e) No Acquisitions.  The Retained Company shall not, nor shall it
     permit any of its subsidiaries to, (i) acquire or agree to acquire by
     merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity
     interest in or substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other
     manner, any business or any corporation or other business organization
     that would be directly or indirectly acquired by CMC in the Merger, (ii)
     consummate any acquisition within 3 business days before or 1 business
     day after the Closing Date, or (iii) make any other investment in any
     person (whether by means of loan, capital contribution, purchase of
     capital stock, obligations or other securities, purchase of all or any
     integral part of the business of the person or any commitment or option
     to make an investment or otherwise) that would be directly or indirectly
     acquired by CMC in the Merger except for investments by the Retained
     Company in its existing wholly owned subsidiaries and investments made in
     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices in an
     aggregate amount not exceeding $250,000.
 
          (f) No Dispositions.  The Retained Company shall not, nor shall it
     permit any of its subsidiaries to, sell, lease, license, encumber or
     otherwise dispose of, or agree to sell, lease, license, encumber or
     otherwise dispose of, any of the assets of the Retained Business other
     than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and
     the sale or other disposition of obsolete equipment.
 
          (g) Indebtedness.  The Retained Company shall not, nor shall it
     permit any of its subsidiaries to, incur (which shall not be deemed to
     include (i) refinancings of existing indebtedness; provided that, such
     refinancings shall not increase the aggregate amount of indebtedness, or
     contain any terms which are more restrictive in any material respect on
     the Retained Company or the applicable subsidiary or
 
                                     A-24
<PAGE>
 
     (ii) deposits accepted in the ordinary course of business by the Retained
     Company and its subsidiaries) any indebtedness for borrowed money or any
     obligation evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument or
     guarantee any such indebtedness or obligation or issue or sell any debt
     securities or warrants or rights to acquire any debt securities of the
     Retained Company or any of its subsidiaries or guarantee any obligations
     of others other than (x) in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practice, (y) pursuant to existing credit or guaranty
     agreements or (z) indebtedness (including indebtedness incurred to fund
     the in substance defeasance of the 8% Notes due 1996) incurred pursuant
     to a written agreement that provides that such indebtedness may be
     assumed by New Holdings or a subsidiary of New Holdings and that, upon
     such assumption, the Retained Company and its subsidiaries shall have no
     obligation or liability in respect of such indebtedness.
 
          (h) Benefit Plans.  Except as otherwise provided in or contemplated
     by this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or the Contribution
     Agreement, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
     subsidiaries to, (i) adopt any Benefit Plan or amend any Benefit Plan
     other than a Retained Plan to the extent such adoption or amendment (x)
     would create or increase any liability or obligation on the part of the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries that will not either (A) be fully
     performed or satisfied prior to the Effective Time or (B) be assumed by
     New Holdings or New Trustco pursuant to the Contribution Agreement or the
     Distribution Agreement or (y) would increase the number of shares of
     Company Common Stock (if any) to be issued under such Benefit Plan; (ii)
     amend any Retained Plan in any manner that would increase the liabilities
     or obligations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries under such
     Retained Plan or would increase the number of shares of Company Common
     Stock to be issued under such Retained Plan or (iii) except for normal
     increases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice, increase the base salary of any Prospective Retained Employee.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the
     Annual Incentive Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation may be amended so as (i)
     to provide that each employee who terminated employment prior to January
     1, 1992 shall be entitled at the Effective Time to receive payment with
     respect to the then outstanding balance of his or her account under the
     plan in an amount up to 120% of such balance and (ii) to increase the
     rate of interest to be credited to participants' accounts for 1994 to
     compensate for extraordinary charges to the Company's earnings for 1994
     required to be recognized in connection with the Merger.
 
          (i) Other Actions.  Notwithstanding the fact that such action might
     otherwise be permitted pursuant to this Section 4.1, the Retained Company
     shall not, nor shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, take any
     action that would or is reasonably likely to result in any of the
     conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied or
     would materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the
     Distribution or the Merger or USTNY to consummate the transactions
     contemplated by the Contribution Agreement and the Distribution Agreement
     in accordance with the terms thereof, or materially delay such
     consummation.
 
          (j) Advice of Changes; Filings.  The Company shall promptly advise
     CMC orally and in writing of any change or development or combination of
     changes or developments that would cause the representation in Section
     3.1(i) to be untrue. The Company shall promptly provide CMC (or its
     counsel) copies of all filings (other than those filings, or portions
     thereof, which CMC has no reasonable interest in obtaining in connection
     with the Merger or the transactions contemplated hereby) made by the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries with any Federal, state or foreign
     Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement, the Distribution
     Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and the transactions contemplated
     hereby and thereby.
 
          (k) Accounting Policies and Procedures.  The Retained Company will
     not and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to change any of its
     accounting principles, policies or procedures, except such changes as may
     be required, in the opinion of Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., the Company's
     independent accountants, by generally accepted accounting principles.
 
          (l) New Trustco and New Holdings.  The Company shall (i) use its
     best efforts to organize New Holdings and New Trustco under the laws of
     the State of New York and furnish all information required
 
                                     A-25
<PAGE>
 
     in connection with approvals of or filings with Bank Regulators and other
     Governmental Entities in order to organize New Holdings as a bank holding
     company and New Trustco as a bank and trust company, (ii) not engage in
     or allow transfers of assets or liabilities or engage or enter into other
     transactions between the Retained Company and its subsidiaries, on the
     one hand, and New Holdings and its subsidiaries, on the other hand,
     except as contemplated hereby and by the Distribution Agreement, the
     Contribution Agreement and the agreements referred to therein, (iii)
     abide and cause New Holdings and its subsidiaries to abide by their
     respective obligations under the Distribution Agreement, the Contribution
     Agreement and the agreements referred to therein and (iv) not terminate
     or amend, or waive compliance with any obligations under, the
     Distribution Agreement, the Contribution Agreement or any of the
     agreements referred to therein.
 
          (m) Liens.  The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
     subsidiaries to, create, incur or assume any Lien on the Retained Assets
     (as defined in the Contribution Agreement), except for Liens created,
     incurred or assumed in the ordinary course of business consistent with
     the past practices of the Company and its subsidiaries.
 
          (n) Material Contracts.  The Retained Company shall not, and shall
     not permit its subsidiaries to, (i) enter into other than in the ordinary
     course of business, any material contract relating to the Acquired Assets
     or Assumed Liabilities that cannot be assigned, free of liability to the
     Retained Company and its subsidiaries, to New Holdings or one of its
     subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated in the
     Distribution Agreement and Contribution Agreement or (ii) enter into,
     terminate, or modify in any material respect any Material Contract or any
     Customer Agreement other than in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with past practice and, in the case of any Customer Agreement,
     without consultation with CMC. In addition, the Company shall notify CMC
     in writing at least 30 days before making, or in any way becoming
     committed to make, any capital expenditure, or series of related capital
     expenditures relating to the Processing Business and Related Back Office,
     in excess of $50,000.
 
     SECTION 4.2.  Covenants of the Company.  During the period from the date
of this Agreement and continuing to the Effective Time, the Company agrees as
to itself and its subsidiaries that, except as CMC shall otherwise agree in
writing or as provided in the documents:
 
          (a) Change in Business.  The Company shall not and shall not permit
     its subsidiaries to make any change in the lines of business engaged in
     by (i) the Retained Company or any of its subsidiaries as of the date
     hereof or (ii) the Company and any of its subsidiaries as of the date
     hereof that would, based on the facts and circumstances and conduct of
     the particular business, materially increase the potential liability of
     the Retained Company or any of its subsidiaries under statutes or legal
     doctrines permitting the imposition of liability on a parent corporation
     in respect of the liabilities of its subsidiaries.
 
          (b) Actions Affecting Merger or Distribution.  The Company shall
     not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, take any action,
     including, without limitation, with respect to the terms of the
     certificate of incorporation or by-laws of New Holdings, that would or is
     reasonably likely to result in any of the conditions to the Merger set
     forth in Article VI not being satisfied or that would materially impair
     the ability of the Company to consummate the Distribution in accordance
     with the terms of the Distribution Agreement or the Merger in accordance
     with the terms hereof or would materially delay such consummation or that
     would disqualify the Distribution as a tax-free spin-off within the
     meaning of Section 355 of the Code.
 
          (c) Certain Indebtedness.  The Company shall, or shall cause its
     subsidiaries to, redeem or effect an in substance defeasance of the
     outstanding indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries set forth in
     Schedule 4.2(c).
 
          (d) Delivery of Certain Information.  The Company shall furnish to
     CMC:
 
             (i) as soon as available and in any event within 20 days after
        the end of each month, (A) reports of the end of month and average
        monthly balances of loans and overdrafts, book and collected deposits
        and funds able to be invested, (B) a monthly receivables aging report
        for the Processing Entities, (C) management profitability reports for
        the Processing Businesses and
 
                                     A-26
<PAGE>
 
        management reports for the Computer Services Division, Securities
        Services and Trust Operations and Bank Operations units and (D) a
        balance sheet as of the end of each month for the Company and its
        subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case, substantially in
        the form delivered to CMC prior to the date of this Agreement;
 
             (ii) as soon as available, approved 1994 and 1995 capital budgets
        for the Processing Business and the Related Back Office (as defined in
        the Contribution Agreement) and related reports, in each case in the
        form prepared by the Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary
        course of their business and consistent with past practices;
 
             (iii) promptly upon receipt, copies of all reports submitted to
        the Company or any of its subsidiaries by independent accountants in
        connection with the examination of the financial statements of the
        Retained Company;
 
             (iv) promptly after the furnishing of each such document, copies
        of any statement or report relating to the Retained Company or any of
        its subsidiaries furnished to any other party pursuant to the terms of
        any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise
        required to be furnished to CMC;
 
             (v) promptly after request by CMC, information relating to any
        employee benefit plan, arrangement, practice, policy or understanding
        maintained by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Commonly
        Controlled Entity for the benefit of any Retained Employee, including,
        without limitation, any Benefit Plan and any plan, arrangement,
        practice, policy or understanding relating to profit sharing, bonuses,
        retainers, consulting, incentives, fringe benefits, perquisites,
        automobiles, club memberships, vacation, child care, leaves of absence
        (including, without limitation, maternity, paternity, military,
        medical or other leaves of absence), insurance and other benefits; and
 
             (vi) promptly after becoming aware thereof, notice of the
        occurrence of any event or the existence of any circumstances that
        could reasonably result in any material liability on the part of the
        Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Commonly Controlled Entity
        under Title I or Title IV of ERISA or under Section 412 or Chapter 43
        of the Code.
 
          (e) Execution of Post Closing Covenants Agreement and Services
     Agreement.  The Company shall cause New Holdings and New Trustco to
     execute and deliver the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Services
     Agreement on the Closing Date.
 
     SECTION 4.3.  Covenants of CMC.  During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the Effective Time, CMC agrees as to itself and
its subsidiaries that:
 
          (a) Actions Affecting Merger.  CMC shall not take any action that
     would or is reasonably likely to result in any of the conditions to the
     Merger set forth in Article VI not being satisfied or that would
     materially impair the ability of CMC to consummate the Merger in
     accordance with the terms hereof or materially delay such consummation
     and CMC shall promptly provide the Company (or its counsel) copies of all
     filings (other than those filings, or portions thereof, which the Company
     has no reasonable interest in obtaining in connection with the Merger or
     the transactions contemplated hereby) made by CMC with any Federal, state
     or foreign Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated hereby.
 
          (b) CMC Common Stock.  CMC shall not split, combine or reclassify
     any of the CMC Common Stock or authorize the (i) making of any in-kind
     distribution or extraordinary cash dividend with respect to the CMC
     Common Stock or (ii) issuance of any other securities in respect of or in
     exchange for shares of the CMC Common Stock, provided the foregoing shall
     not prohibit the issuance of securities of CMC convertible into CMC
     Common Stock.
 
          (c) Tax Free Spin-Off.  CMC shall not, and shall not permit any of
     its subsidiaries to, take or cause or permit to be taken, any action that
     would disqualify the Distribution as a tax-free spin-off within the
     meaning of Section 355 of the Code.
 
                                     A-27
<PAGE>
 
          (d) Other Actions.  Notwithstanding the fact that such action might
     otherwise be permitted pursuant to this Section 4.3, CMC shall not, nor
     shall it permit any of its subsidiaries to, take any action that would or
     could reasonably be expected to result in the failure to satisfy any of
     the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VI, would materially
     impair the ability of CMC to consummate the Merger in accordance with the
     terms hereof or materially delay such consummation.
 
          (e) Execution of Post Closing Covenants Agreement and Services
     Agreement.  CMC shall execute and deliver the Post Closing Covenants
     Agreement and shall cause CMB to execute and deliver the Services
     Agreement on the Closing Date.
 
     SECTION 4.4.  Mutual Covenants.
 
          (a) The Company and CMC shall not, and shall not permit any of their
     respective subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or that could
     reasonably be expected to, result in (i) any of the representations and
     warranties of such party set forth in this Agreement that are qualified
     as to materiality becoming untrue, (ii) any of such representations and
     warranties that are not so qualified becoming untrue in any material
     respect or (iii) the failure to satisfy any of the conditions to the
     Merger set forth in Article VI.
 
          (b) The Company and CMC shall promptly advise the other party orally
     and in writing of any change or event having, or which, insofar as can
     reasonably be foreseen, would have, a material adverse effect on such
     party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.
 
          (c) For purposes of the tax opinions to be delivered pursuant to
     Section 6.2(h) and 6.3(f), each of CMC and the Company shall deliver to
     O'Melveny & Myers, counsel to CMC, and to Cravath, Swaine & Moore,
     counsel to the Company, representation letters substantially in the form
     of the respective letters set forth in Exhibit III, dated as of the
     Closing Date.
 
          (d) CMC and the Company agree that they shall negotiate and within
     60 days after the date hereof agree on a definitive form of the Services
     Agreement substantially in accordance with the terms of that certain
     Processing Agreement Term Sheet dated as of the date of this Agreement
     and executed by authorized representatives of CMC and the Company (the
     "Processing Services Term Sheet").
 
          (e) CMC and the Company shall each use reasonable efforts to
     negotiate and to agree, and to cause CMB and USTNY to agree upon, and to
     execute and deliver, an agreement providing for the Bank Merger under 12
     U.S.C. 215a and applicable law ("Bank Merger Agreement"), provided,
     however, that the Bank Merger Agreement shall provide that consummation
     of the Bank Merger is conditioned on occurrence of the Merger and that
     USTNY and its affiliates shall incur no additional liability or expense
     in connection therewith.
 
                                  ARTICLE V
 
                            Additional Agreements
 
     SECTION 5.1.  Preparation of Form S-4, Form S-1, Form 10 and the Proxy
Statement; Stockholders Meeting.
 
          (a) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
     Company and CMC shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form S-4, the
     Form S-1 (if required), the Form 10 and the Proxy Statement. Each of the
     Company and CMC shall use its reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4 and
     Form S-1 (if required) declared effective under the Securities Act, and
     the Form 10 declared effective under the Exchange Act, as promptly as
     practicable after such filing. The Company will use its reasonable
     efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company's
     stockholders as promptly as practicable after the Form S-4, Form S-1 (if
     required) and Form 10 are declared effective under the Securities Act and
     the Exchange Act, as the case may be. CMC shall also take any action
     (other than qualifying to do business in any jurisdiction in which it is
     not now so qualified) required to be taken under any applicable state
     securities laws in connection with the issuance of CMC Common Stock in
     the
 
                                     A-28
<PAGE>
 
     Merger and the Company shall furnish all information concerning the
     Company and the holders of the Company Common Stock and rights to acquire
     Company Common Stock pursuant to the Stock Plans as may be reasonably
     requested in connection with any such action.
 
          (b) The Company shall, as soon as practicable following the date on
     which the Form S-4, Form S-1 (if required) and Form 10 are declared
     effective, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
     stockholders (the "Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of voting upon
     the approval and adoption of this Agreement and upon the Distribution.
     The Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to its
     stockholders approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement.
 
     SECTION 5.2.  Letter of the Company's Accountants.  The Company shall use
its best efforts to cause to be delivered to CMC a letter of Coopers & Lybrand
L.L.P., the Company's independent public accountants, dated a date within two
business days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and
addressed to CMC, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to CMC and
customary in scope and substance for letters delivered by independent public
accountants in connection with registration statements similar to the Form
S-4.
 
     SECTION 5.3.  Letter of CMC's Accountants.  CMC shall use its best
efforts to cause to be delivered to the Company a letter of Price Waterhouse
LLP, CMC's independent public accountants, dated a date within two business
days before the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and
addressed to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company and customary in scope and substance for letters delivered by
independent public accountants in connection with registration statements
similar to the Form S-4.
 
     SECTION 5.4.  Access to Information; Confidentiality.
 
          (a) The Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, afford
     to CMC and its officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial
     advisors and other representatives of CMC, reasonable access during the
     period prior to the Effective Time to all its properties, books,
     contracts, commitments, personnel and records and shall make available to
     such persons reasonable facilities (including office space and
     telephones) in connection therewith. During the period prior to the
     Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to,
     furnish promptly to CMC (i) a copy of each report, schedule, registration
     statement and other document filed by it during such period pursuant to
     the requirements of Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and
     copies of public portions of each report, schedule, registration
     statement, and other document filed by it or any subsidiary during such
     period with any state or Federal banking or bank holding company
     regulatory authorities, and (ii) all other information concerning its
     business, properties and personnel as CMC may reasonably request;
     provided that the Company shall not be required to provide information
     regarding New Holdings or New Trustco unless such information relates to
     liabilities that could be incurred by one of the Processing Entities in
     connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
     other Documents or otherwise has a nontrivial effect on the Retained
     Business.
 
          (b) During the period prior to the Effective Time, CMC shall furnish
     promptly to the Company a copy of each report, schedule, registration
     statement and other document filed by it during such period pursuant to
     the requirements of Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
 
          (c) Except as required by law, each of the Company and CMC will
     hold, and will cause its respective officers, employees, accountants,
     counsel, financial advisors and other representatives and affiliates to
     hold, any nonpublic information in confidence in accordance with the
     confidentiality agreements, dated August 17, 1994 (the "Confidentiality
     Agreements"), between CMC and the Company.
 
     SECTION 5.5.  Legal Conditions to Distribution and Merger; Legal
Compliance.
 
          (a) CMC shall use reasonable efforts to comply promptly with all
     legal and regulatory requirements which may be imposed on itself or its
     respective subsidiaries with respect to the Merger (which actions
 
                                     A-29
<PAGE>
 
     shall include, without limitation, furnishing all information required in
     connection with approvals of or filings with Bank Regulators or other
     Governmental Entities required to be made or obtained by CMC or its
     subsidiaries). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, CMC will, and
     will cause its subsidiaries to, promptly use its reasonable efforts to
     obtain any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption
     by, and to satisfy any condition or requirement imposed by, any Bank
     Regulator, Governmental Entity or other public or private third party,
     required to be obtained, made or satisfied by CMC or any of its
     subsidiaries in connection with the Merger or the taking of any action
     contemplated thereby or by this Agreement or the Distribution Agreement
     (including the Bank Merger).
 
          (b) The Company will use its reasonable efforts to comply promptly
     with all legal and regulatory requirements which may be imposed on itself
     or its respective subsidiaries with respect to the Distribution and the
     Merger (which actions shall include, without limitation, furnishing all
     information required in connection with approvals of or filings with Bank
     Regulators or other Governmental Entities required to be made or obtained
     by the Company or its subsidiaries). Subject to the terms and conditions
     hereof, the Company will, and will cause its subsidiaries to, promptly
     use its reasonable efforts to obtain any consent, authorization, order or
     approval of, or any exemption by, and to satisfy any condition or
     requirement imposed by, any Bank Regulator, Governmental Entity or other
     public or private third party, required to be obtained, made or satisfied
     by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the
     Distribution or the Merger or the taking of any action contemplated
     thereby or by this Agreement or the Distribution Agreement, including
     without limitation in obtaining the ruling contemplated by the Ruling
     Request; provided, however, that the Company and its subsidiaries shall
     not be required hereunder to assume or bear any additional liability in
     connection with the Bank Merger. The Company agrees that it shall use its
     reasonable efforts to take, and to cause its subsidiaries to take, such
     actions as are necessary to assure material compliance by the Retained
     Company and its subsidiaries with all applicable legal and regulatory
     requirements relating to employment and benefits matters and other
     applicable governmental regulations (and in this connection will have due
     regard to any reasonable request of CMC as to what, if any, such actions
     should be taken).
 
          (c) Each of the Company and CMC will promptly cooperate with and
     furnish information to each other in connection with any such
     requirements imposed upon any of them or any of their respective
     subsidiaries in connection with the Distribution or the Merger.
 
          (d) Nothing herein shall obligate any party to take any action
     pursuant to the foregoing if the taking of such action or such compliance
     or the obtaining of such consent, authorization, order, approval or
     exemption is likely, in such party's reasonable opinion, (i) to be
     materially burdensome to such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
     or to impact in a materially adverse manner the economic or business
     benefits of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Bank
     Merger Agreement (in the form agreed to by CMC, the Company, CMB and
     USTNY), the Contribution Agreement or the Distribution Agreement so as to
     render inadvisable the consummation of the Merger, the Bank Merger, the
     Contribution or the Distribution or (ii) to result in the imposition of a
     condition or restriction on such party or on the Surviving Corporation of
     the type referred to in Section 6.1(c) (it being understood that
     compliance by CMC with Section 5.19 shall not constitute such an action).
     Each of CMC and Company will promptly cooperate with and furnish
     information to the other in connection with any such burden suffered by,
     or requirement imposed upon, any of them or any of their subsidiaries in
     connection with the foregoing.
 
     SECTION 5.6.  Rights Agreement.  The Board of Directors of the Company
shall take all further action (in addition to that referred to in Section
3.1(p)) requested in writing by CMC (including, if necessary, redeeming the
Rights immediately prior to the Effective Time or amending the Rights
Agreement) in order to render the Rights inapplicable to the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Distribution
Agreement. Except as requested in writing by CMC, prior to the Stockholders
Meeting, the Board of Directors of the Company shall not (i) amend the Rights
Agreement or (ii) take any action with respect to, or make any determination
under, the Rights Agreement (including a redemption of the Rights).
 
                                     A-30
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 5.7.  Benefit Plans.  Before the Effective Time, the Company
shall, and shall cause USTNY to, take all steps necessary to cause each of the
Benefit Plans maintained by the Company or USTNY other than (i) any such
Benefit Plan listed in Schedule 5.7 (the Benefit Plans so listed are
hereinafter referred to as the "Retained Plans") and (ii) the Transition Bonus
Plan adopted by the Retained Company pursuant to Section 5.8(e), to be
transferred pursuant to the Distribution Agreement and the Contribution
Agreement to New Holdings and to New Trustco, respectively, and to cause New
Holdings and New Trustco, respectively, to assume and become solely
responsible for all liabilities and obligations of the Company and USTNY under
each of the Benefit Plans so transferred. In the case of each such Benefit
Plan that is transferred to New Holdings or to New Trustco, the transfer and
assumption shall be effected prior to the New Holdings Distribution. Prior to
the Effective Time, Company shall, or shall cause its subsidiaries to, inform
the Retained Employees (as defined in Section 5.8(a)) of the transfer to, and
the assumption by, New Holdings or New Trustco of the liabilities under, the
Benefit Plans under which such Retained Employees are covered. The Company
shall cooperate with CMC, to the extent requested by CMC to do so, to
communicate with the Retained Employees concerning any employee benefit plans,
agreements, practices, policies or arrangements of CMC or any of its
affiliates to which they will be subject after the Effective Time. The Company
shall, and shall cause USTNY to, amend the Retained Plans and take such other
steps as may be necessary to:
 
          (i) cause all stock options granted under the Retained Plans that
     have not expired or that have not been exercised or cancelled prior to
     the Effective Time, to be cancelled as of the Effective Time;
 
          (ii) cause all payments required under the terms of the Retained
     Plans to be made to the holders of stock options that are to be cancelled
     as of the Effective Time pursuant to clause (i) above, to be made at the
     Effective Time or as soon thereafter as practicable;
 
          (iii) cause payments to be made, at the Effective Time or as soon
     thereafter as practicable, to all persons with outstanding balances to
     their credit under the Annual Incentive Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation at
     the Effective Time, in amounts sufficient to discharge in full the
     Company's obligations with respect to such balances; and
 
          (iv) cause each of the Retained Plans other than the Retention Bonus
     Program to be terminated as soon as all unexercised options under such
     Plan have been cancelled, and all payments to be made with respect to
     options or account balances under such Plan have been made, as provided
     in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above.
 
SECTION 5.8.  Employment Matters.
 
          (a) Employment with Retained Business.  Schedule 5.8(a) lists all
     persons who are presently employed by the Retained Company in positions
     associated with the conduct of the Retained Business, and designates
     those persons New Holdings or any of its subsidiaries proposes to employ
     prior to the Closing. CMC agrees to cause the Retained Company or its
     affiliates to offer to retain approximately 1150 of the employees listed
     in Schedule 5.8(a) in employment after the Closing and CMC has offered,
     or will offer, to so employ (i) all employees employed in the MFS
     Business except for those identified in writing to the Company by the
     date of this Agreement, (ii) all employees employed in the UIT Business
     except for those identified in writing to the Company by the date of this
     Agreement and (iii) all other employees listed in Schedule 5.8(a) except
     for those identified in writing to the Company as soon as possible
     following the date of this Agreement, but in any event on or before
     January 1, 1995. Any person listed in Schedule 5.8(a) to whom CMC has
     made, or could make, a timely offer of continuing employment in
     accordance with the immediately preceding sentence is referred to as a
     "Prospective Retained Employee". In the event that any of the persons
     designated on Schedule 5.8(a) as persons New Trustco proposes to become
     employed with New Trustco or any of its affiliates prior to the Closing
     are also persons CMC proposes to cause its subsidiaries to offer to
     retain in employment after the Closing, CMC and the Company agree that
     their respective representatives shall use their best efforts to resolve
     the conflict as quickly, effectively and fairly as possible. The offer of
     continuing employment to be made hereunder shall include provision for
     the payment of base salary to each such employee at a rate at least equal
     to the rate of base salary in effect for such employee immediately prior
     to the Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein
     shall be construed as obligating CMC, the
 
                                     A-31
<PAGE>
 
     Surviving Corporation or any of its affiliates (x) to offer employment
     after the Closing to any employee listed in Schedule 5.8(a) whose
     employment with the Retained Company terminates for any reason prior to
     the Closing or (y) to maintain any term or condition of employment
     (including base salary) for any period following the Effective Time,
     except as provided in Section 5.8(c). Those employees of the Retained
     Company who accept such offer of continuing employment with one of CMC's
     subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement are hereinafter referred to as
     the "Retained Employees".
 
          (b) Employee Benefits.  CMC agrees that on and after the Effective
     Time, the Retained Employees shall be covered under the employee benefit
     plans, programs, arrangements and policies (including, without
     limitation, any stock option, bonus and incentive compensation plans)
     maintained by CMC and its affiliates for their employees (such plans,
     programs, arrangements, and policies are hereinafter referred to as
     "CMC's Plans"), upon the same terms and conditions as are applicable to
     other personnel employed by CMC and its affiliates in comparable
     positions, subject, however, to the following:
 
             (i) Except as provided in subparagraph (ii) below, service
        performed by a Retained Employee for USTNY (or for any affiliate of
        USTNY) prior to the Closing (such service is hereinafter referred to
        as a Retained Employee's "Prior Service") shall be treated as service
        performed for CMC and its affiliates for purposes of determining (w)
        the Retained Employee's eligibility to participate in any of CMC's
        Plans, (x) the Retained Employee's satisfaction of any service
        requirement that is a condition for eligibility to receive any benefit
        provided under any of CMC's Plans, (y) the Retained Employee's vesting
        status with respect to any benefit under any of CMC's Plans and (z)
        the amount of any benefit to which the Retained Employee is entitled
        under any of CMC's Plans, in any case where the amount of the benefit
        so provided is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to the
        length of a participant's service with CMC and its affiliates (it
        being understood that there shall be no credits to Retained Employees'
        accounts under CMC's retirement and thrift plans with respect to any
        period before the Closing Date and that no Retained Employee shall be
        treated as having been a member of CMC's retirement plan as of any
        date prior to the Closing Date).
 
             (ii) In the case of any Retained Employee (x) whose employment
        with CMC and its affiliates is terminated within two years following
        the Closing Date, (y) whose "attained age" and his or her "Years of
        Service" or "units of Credited Service", as those terms are defined in
        the Employees' Retirement Plan of United States Trust Company of New
        York and Affiliated Companies, immediately prior to the Closing total
        70 or more and (z) who has at least ten years of Prior Service, such
        Retained Employee's Prior Service shall not be taken into account for
        purposes of such Retained Employee's eligibility to participate in or
        receive any benefit provided under any of CMC's Plans that provide
        post-retirement welfare benefits.
 
             (iii) Each Retained Employee shall be covered under those of
        CMC's Plans that are health and welfare plans without exclusion for
        preexisting conditions.
 
          (c) Severance and Other Benefits on Termination.  CMC agrees to
     provide any Retained Employee whose employment with CMC and its
     affiliates is involuntarily terminated (as hereinafter defined) within
     two years following the Closing Date with the severance benefits and
     other benefits described in Schedule 5.8(c) in lieu of any severance
     benefits provided under any of CMC's Plans. For purposes of this Section
     5.8(c) and Schedule 5.8(c), a Retained Employee's employment with CMC and
     its affiliates shall be treated as having been "involuntarily terminated"
     if he or she is no longer employed by CMC or any of its affiliates as a
     result of the termination of his or her employment (i) by CMC or any of
     its affiliates for any reason other than for cause or (ii) by the
     Retained Employee after (A) any reduction in his or her salary or (B) any
     change, without the Retained Employee's consent, in location of his or
     her place of employment to a location outside the City of New York or, if
     such place of employment is not in the City of New York, to a city more
     than 25 miles distant from the city in which his or her place of
     employment is located on the Closing Date.
 
          (d) Data to be Furnished.  At the Closing, the Company shall furnish
     CMC with information as to (i) the rate of base salary in effect for each
     Retained Employee immediately before the Closing, (ii) each
 
                                     A-32
<PAGE>
 
     Retained Employee's position with the Retained Company immediately before
     the Closing and (iii) each Retained Employee's Prior Service. CMC agrees
     to furnish New Holdings and New Trustco with such information as they may
     request from time to time after the Closing, regarding any Retained
     Employee's period of service and base salary with CMC and its affiliates.
 
          (e) Transition Bonus Program.  As soon as practicable after the date
     of this Agreement, the Company shall cause USTNY and its affiliates
     included in the Retained Business to adopt a program (the "Transition
     Bonus Program") pursuant to which each of the employees listed in
     Schedule 5.8(e) who becomes a Retained Employee shall be entitled to
     receive from the Retained Company a bonus (the "Transition Bonus") in the
     amount specified for such employee in Schedule 5.8(e) if the employee
     completes the period of service with the Retained Company following the
     Closing Date that is specified for such employee in Schedule 5.8(e) (the
     employee's "Required Service"). The Transition Bonus so payable to any
     such employee shall be paid in the form of a single lump sum cash
     payment, as soon as practicable after the employee completes his or her
     Required Service. For purposes of the foregoing, a Retained Employee
     whose employment with the Retained Company is involuntarily terminated
     (as defined in Section 5.8(c)) after the Closing Date but before he or
     she has completed his or her Required Service shall be treated as having
     completed such Required Service on the day immediately preceding the date
     on which his or her employment was so terminated. As soon as practicable
     after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish, or cause its
     subsidiaries to furnish, each employee listed in Section 5.8(e) with
     written notice (the form of which notice shall be mutually agreed upon in
     advance by the Company and CMC) advising the employee of his or her
     eligibility to participate in the Transition Bonus Program, the amount of
     the Transition Bonus he or she may become entitled to receive and the
     Required Service he or she must complete to receive such Bonus.
 
     SECTION 5.9.  Employment Agreements.  The Company shall use reasonable
efforts to cause the Retained Company to enter, or to facilitate CMB's or any
affiliates' entry, as applicable, into employment agreements with such of the
Prospective Retained Employees who are then still employees of the Company or
any of its affiliates, as CMC shall have specified to the Company in writing
not less than ten business days before the Closing Date on terms satisfactory
to CMC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the
failure of any such officer or employee to enter into an employment agreement
with CMC or the Retained Company shall not constitute a breach of this
Agreement.
 
     SECTION 5.10.  Fees and Expenses.  All fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the Merger, the Distribution, this Agreement, the Distribution
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other
Documents shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether
or not the Merger is consummated, except that expenses incurred in connection
with printing and mailing the Proxy Statement, the Form S-4, the Form S-1 (if
required) and the Form 10, shall be shared equally by CMC and the Company.
 
     SECTION 5.11.  Distribution.  Prior to the Closing, the Company will (a)
enter into the Distribution Agreement and the agreements contemplated thereby
to which the Company is to be a party and (b) cause each of USTNY, New
Holdings and New Trustco to enter into the Distribution Agreement, the
Contribution Agreement and each of the other Documents to which it is a party.
The Company will, and will cause USTNY, New Holdings and New Trustco to, take
all action necessary to effect the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the
Distribution Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and the other Documents.
 
     SECTION 5.12.  Public Announcements.  CMC on the one hand, and the
Company, on the other hand, will consult with each other before issuing, and
provide each other the opportunity to review and comment upon, any press
release or other public statements (it being understood that discussions by
the parties with financial analysts or other advisors shall not constitute
public statements) with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Distribution Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not
issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation, except as may be required by applicable law, court process or by
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange.
 
                                     A-33
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 5.13.  Private Letter Ruling.  The Company and CMC each hereby
agree to cooperate with the other party and to use their reasonable best
efforts to obtain the private letter ruling contemplated by Section 6.2(c) of
this Agreement.
 
     SECTION 5.14.  Use of Name.  From and after the Closing Date, CMC (i)
shall promptly change the name on all documents, stationery and facilities
relating to the Retained Business to a name that is not in any way similar to
the Company's or USTNY's names (or any name or initial similar thereto).
Nothing in this Section shall require CMC to undertake to reissue deposits or
rewrite outstanding loans or other agreements or documents except in the
ordinary course of business, it being understood, however, that reasonable
efforts will be used to change names in accordance with the provisions of the
first sentence of this Section.
 
     SECTION 5.15.  UST-CA.  Prior to the Closing Date, CMC shall use its best
efforts to have The Chase Manhattan Trust Company of California, N.A. ("Chase
Cal") approved (if not already approved) by the California Department of
Insurance as a "qualified custodian", "qualified depository" and a "qualified
subcustodian", under Section 1104.9 of the California Insurance Code, and to
obtain such other approvals or make such other filings as are necessary to
qualify such bank or trust company to act as trustee and custodian (or
sub-custodian) under the Customer Agreements (as defined in the Contribution
Agreement) with respect to which U.S. Trust Company of California, N.A.
currently acts as trustee and custodian. The Company and CMC shall use their
reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary consents to substitute Chase
Cal as trustee and custodian under such Customer Agreements.
 
     SECTION 5.16.  Affiliates.  Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall
deliver to CMC a letter identifying all persons who are, at the time this
Agreement is submitted for approval to the stockholders of the Company,
"affiliates" of the Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act.
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause each such person to deliver to
CMC on or prior to the Closing Date a written agreement substantially in the
form attached as Exhibit VII hereto.
 
     SECTION 5.17.  Stock Exchange Listing.  CMC shall use its best efforts to
cause the shares of CMC Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved
for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the
Closing Date.
 
     SECTION 5.18.  Capital Adequacy.  On the Closing Date, CMC shall ensure
that USTNY, MFSC and UST-WY meet and satisfy all capital adequacy requirements
imposed by applicable law, Bank Regulators and other Governmental Entities.
 
                                  ARTICLE VI
 
                             Conditions Precedent
 
     SECTION 6.1.  Conditions to Each Party's Obligation To Effect the
Merger.  The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:
 
          (a) Stockholder Approval.  This Agreement shall have been approved
     and adopted by the affirmative vote or consent of the Requisite
     Stockholders of the Company.
 
          (b) NYSE Listing.  The shares of CMC Company Stock issuable to the
     Company's stockholders pursuant to this Agreement and under the Stock
     Plans shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to
     official notice of issuance.
 
          (c) Regulatory Approvals.  Each of CMC and the Company shall have
     obtained all requisite approvals of, or satisfied all requisite filing
     requirements with, Bank Regulators and other Governmental Entities,
     including all requisite approvals under, and the expiration of all
     waiting periods in respect of, the Bank Holding Company Act. No such
     approval applicable to the Merger, the Distribution or the Bank Merger
     shall impose any condition or restriction upon CMC or New Holdings, or
     any of their respective subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any
     requirement to raise additional capital or to dispose of assets, which
     would so materially adversely impact the economic or business benefits of
     the transactions
 
                                     A-34
<PAGE>
 
     contemplated by this Agreement and the Distribution Agreement as to
     render inadvisable the consummation of the Merger or the Distribution.
 
          (d) No Injunctions or Restraints.  (i) No temporary restraining
     order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any
     court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition
     preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect; provided,
     however, that each of the parties shall have used its reasonable efforts
     to prevent the entry of any such injunction or other order and to appeal
     as promptly as possible any such injunction or other order that may be
     entered and (ii) no action, suit or other proceeding shall be pending or,
     to the knowledge of the Company and CMC, threatened by any Governmental
     Entity that, if successful, would restrict or prohibit the consummation
     of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or the other
     Documents.
 
          (e) Services Agreement.  New Trustco, USTNY and CMC shall have
     entered into the Services Agreement substantially on the terms and
     conditions set forth in the Processing Services Term Sheet (as defined in
     Section 4.4(d)) of date even herewith.
 
          (f) Form S-4.  The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
     Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
     proceedings seeking a stop order.
 
          (g) Consummation of the Distribution.  The Distribution shall have
     become effective in accordance with the terms of the Distribution
     Agreement, the Contribution Agreement and each of the agreements
     contemplated thereby.
 
     SECTION 6.2.  Conditions to Obligations of CMC.  The obligation of CMC to
effect the Merger is further subject to the following conditions, unless
waived by CMC:
 
          (a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and
     warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are qualified
     as to materiality shall be true and correct, and the representations and
     warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are not so
     qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each
     case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
     though made on and as of the Closing Date, except as otherwise
     contemplated by this Agreement, except to the extent that any
     representation or warranty shall be as of a specific date, in which case
     such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such
     date, and CMC shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the
     Company by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of
     the Company to such effect. The Company shall have delivered to CMC a
     certificate (the "Company Bring Down Certificate"), dated as of the
     Closing Date and reasonably satisfactory in form to CMC, that sets forth
     each event that has occurred and each condition that exists that (i) had
     not occurred or was not in existence as of the date of this Agreement and
     (ii) if it had occurred or was in existence as of the date of this
     Agreement would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 3.1(g),
     (h), (l)(iii), (w) or (x). In determining the materiality of the failure
     of any representation or warranty made by the Company to be true when
     made, the parties shall consider whether the failure can be remedied by a
     financial indemnity, whether New Holdings or New Trustco is obligated
     under the Post Closing Covenants Agreement to indemnify against the
     failure, and the financial ability of New Holdings or New Trustco, as
     appropriate, to satisfy any indemnification obligation.
 
          (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company.  The Company shall
     have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
     performed by it under this Agreement and the Distribution Agreement at or
     prior to the Closing Date, and CMC shall have received a certificate
     signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer and the
     chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.
 
          (c) Private Letter Ruling.  The Service shall have issued and not
     revoked a private letter ruling (the "Private Letter Ruling"), reasonably
     satisfactory in form and substance to CMC, in response to the Ruling
     Request, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of the facts,
     representations, and assumptions existing at the Effective Time:
 
             (i) the contribution by USTNY to New Trustco of certain assets
        and the assumption of certain liabilities of USTNY by New Trustco, as
        contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, will qualify
 
                                     A-35
<PAGE>
 
        for Federal income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization within
        the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code or as tax-free under
        Section 351 of the Code;
 
             (ii) the distribution of all the capital stock of New Trustco to
        the Company by USTNY, as contemplated by the Distribution Agreement,
        will be tax-free for Federal income tax purposes to USTNY under
        Section 361(a) of the Code and to the Company under Section 355(a) of
        the Code;
 
             (iii) the contribution by the Company to New Holdings of certain
        assets (including, without limitation, all of the capital stock of New
        Trustco) and the assumption of certain liabilities of the Company by
        New Holdings, as contemplated by the Distribution Agreement, will
        qualify for Federal income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization
        within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code or as tax-free
        under Section 351 of the Code; and
 
             (iv) the distribution of the stock of New Holdings on a pro rata
        basis to the holders of the Company Common Stock will be tax-free for
        Federal income tax purposes to the Company under Section 361(a) of the
        Code and to the Company's stockholders under Section 355(a) of the
        Code.
 
          (d) Opinion of the Company's Counsel.  CMC shall have received an
     opinion dated the Closing Date of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel to the
     Company, and/or in-house counsel of the Company satisfactory to counsel
     to CMC, to the effect that:
 
             (i) the Company is a corporation validly existing and in good
        standing under the laws of the State of New York; USTNY is a bank and
        trust company validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
        the State of New York. New Holdings is a corporation validly existing
        and in good standing under the laws of the State of New York; and New
        Trustco is a bank and trust company validly existing and in good
        standing under the laws of the State of New York;
 
             (ii) each of the Company, USTNY, New Holdings and New Trustco
        (collectively, the "Company Parties") has the power and authority to
        execute each Document to which it is a party and to consummate the
        transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; the execution and
        delivery of the Documents and the consummation of the transactions
        contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by requisite
        corporate action on the part of each Company Party that is a party
        thereto and the stockholders of each such Company Party and each
        Document has been duly executed and delivered by the Company Parties
        that are party thereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
        obligation of each such Company Party, enforceable in accordance with
        its terms subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership
        or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors, rights
        generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of
        equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
        proceeding in equity or at law;
 
             (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Documents by
        each Company Party thereto will not (x) violate any Federal law or the
        laws of the State of New York or (y) conflict with any provision of
        the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the applicable Company
        Party. Such counsel expresses no opinion, however, as to any violation
        of any law or regulation which may have become applicable to any
        Company Party as a result of the involvement of CMC or any of its
        subsidiaries in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
        because of CMC's or any of its subsidiaries' legal or regulatory
        status or because of any other facts specifically pertaining to CMC or
        any of its subsidiaries; and
 
             (iv) any consent, approval, order or authorization of, any
        registration, declaration or filing with, and any waiting period
        imposed by, any governmental authority under Federal law or the laws
        of the State of New York which is required by or with respect to any
        Company Party in connection with the execution and delivery of the
        Documents by the Company Parties that are party thereto or the
        consummation by the Company Parties of the transactions contemplated
        hereby or thereby, has been obtained or made or, in the case of any
        such waiting period, has expired. Such counsel expresses no opinion,
        however, as to any consent or approval which any Company Party may be
        required to obtain as a result of the involvement of the CMC or any of
        its subsidiaries in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
        because of CMC's or any of its subsidiaries' legal or
 
                                     A-36
<PAGE>
 
        regulatory status or because of any other facts specifically
        pertaining to CMC or any of its subsidiaries.
 
          (e) No Material Adverse Change.  Whether or not any event or change
     is reflected in the Company Bring Down Certificate, since September 30,
     1994, there shall have been no material adverse change, and no event that
     could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, to
     the business, properties, assets, results of operations, or financial
     condition of MFSC or of the Processing Entities taken as a whole;
     provided, however that "material adverse change" for this purpose shall
     not include (i) any adverse change resulting from economic or market
     conditions generally affecting businesses engaged in the same or
     substantially similar activities as the Processing Entities or (ii) any
     adverse change resulting directly from any action taken by CMC or any
     subsidiary of CMC except an action specifically permitted or contemplated
     by this Agreement (including the Bank Merger).
 
          (f) Dissenters' Rights.  Dissenters' Shares shall not constitute
     more than 5% of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Company
     Common Stock.
 
          (g) Other Documents.  Each of the other Documents (other than the
     Services Agreement) shall have been executed substantially in the forms
     attached as Exhibits hereto or to the Contribution Agreement or, if not
     included as Exhibits, in the form mutually agreed to as the parties
     thereto and CMC, as the case may be, by the applicable parties thereto
     (other than CMC and its affiliates) and shall have become effective in
     accordance with its terms. The Company shall have delivered to CMC true,
     correct and complete copies of each Document to which the CMC is not a
     party.
 
          (h) Tax Opinion.  CMC shall have received an opinion, based on the
     representation letters to be delivered pursuant to Section 4.4(c), of
     O'Melveny & Myers, counsel to CMC, to the effect that the Merger will be
     treated for Federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
     meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that CMC and the Company will
     each be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of Section
     368(b) of the Code.
 
          (i) Amendments to SEC Documents.  Since the effective date of the
     Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement, as applicable, no event with respect to
     the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or any security holder of the
     Company has occurred which should have been set forth in an amendment to
     the Form S-4 or a supplement to the Proxy Statement which has not been
     set forth in such an amendment or supplement.
 
          (j) Rule 145 Letters.  The Company shall have delivered letters
     regarding Rule 145 of the Securities Act, substantially in the form of
     Exhibit VII hereto, executed by each affiliate of the Company who will
     acquire shares of CMC Common Stock in connection with the Merger.
 
          (k) Anti-Virus Software.  MFSC shall have installed anti-virus
     computer software satisfactory to CMC in its reasonable discretion.
 
          (l) Compliance with Securities Settlement Regulatory Changes.
 
             (i) The Asset Management System shall comply with material
        regulatory requirements.
 
             (ii) If the Closing Date occurs before June 1, 1995, software
        modifications required to comply with "T+3" ("T+3 Modifications")
        shall have been completed in all material respects and shall have been
        operated in a testing environment reasonably satisfactory to CMC.
 
             (iii) If the Closing Date occurs on or after June 1, 1995, the
        T+3 Modifications shall have been implemented in production and
        operating successfully.
 
          (m) Conversion of Asset Management System.  The Asset Management
     System shall have been modified to operate in a multi-bank environment to
     the reasonable satisfaction of CMC, subject only to such "work-arounds"
     as CMC may approve in its reasonable discretion.
 
                                     A-37
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 6.3.  Conditions to Obligation of the Company.  The obligation of
the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the following
conditions, unless waived by the Company:
 
          (a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and
     warranties of CMC set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to
     materiality shall be true and correct, and the representations and
     warranties of CMC set forth in this Agreement that are not so qualified
     shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of
     the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on
     and as of the Closing Date, except as otherwise contemplated by this
     Agreement, and the Company shall have received a certificate signed on
     behalf of CMC by the chief executive officer and the chief financial
     officer of CMC to such effect. CMC shall have delivered to the Company a
     certificate (the "CMC Bring Down Certificate"), dated as of the Closing
     Date and reasonably satisfactory in form to the Company, that sets forth
     each event that has occurred and each condition that exists that (i) had
     not occurred or was not in existence as of the date of this Agreement and
     (ii) if it had occurred or was in existence as of the date of this
     Agreement would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 3.2(f),
     (g) or (i).
 
          (b) Performance of Obligations of CMC.  CMC shall have performed in
     all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it
     under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company
     shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of CMC by the chief
     executive officer and the chief financial officer of CMC to such effect.
 
          (c) Private Letter Ruling.  The Service shall have issued and not
     revoked the Private Letter Ruling reasonably satisfactory in form and
     substance to the Company.
 
          (d) Opinion of CMC's Counsel.  The Company shall have received an
     opinion dated the Closing Date of O'Melveny & Myers, counsel to CMC,
     and/or in-house Counsel of CMC, satisfactory to counsel to the Company to
     the effect that:
 
             (i) CMC is a corporation validly existing and in good standing
        under the laws of Delaware;
 
             (ii) CMC has the requisite power and authority to execute this
        Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; the
        execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
        transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by all
        necessary corporate action on the part of CMC and, if required, its
        stockholders; and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
        by CMC and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of CMC
        enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable
        bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar laws affecting
        the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and subject, as to
        enforceability, to general principles of equity, regardless of whether
        such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law;
 
             (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
        the Tax Allocation Agreement and the Post Closing Covenants Agreement
        by CMC will not (x) violate any Federal law or any law of the State of
        Delaware or (y) conflict with any provision of the certificate of
        incorporation or by-laws of CMC. Such counsel expresses no opinion,
        however, as to any violation of any law or regulation which may have
        become applicable to CMC as a result of the involvement of the
        Company, New Holdings and any subsidiary of either in the transactions
        contemplated by this Agreement because of the Company's legal or
        regulatory status or because of any other facts specifically
        pertaining to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and
 
             (iv) any consent, approval, order or authorization of, any
        registration, declaration or filing with, and any waiting period
        imposed by, any governmental authority under Federal law or the law of
        the State of Delaware, which is required by or with respect to CMC in
        connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by CMC or
        the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby has been
        obtained or made or, in the case of any such waiting period, has
        expired. Such counsel expresses no opinion, however, as to any consent
        or approval which CMC may be required to obtain as a result of the
        involvement of the Company, New Holdings and any subsidiary in the
        transactions contemplated by this Agreement because of the Company's,
        New Holdings' or any
 
                                     A-38
<PAGE>
 
        subsidiary's legal or regulatory status or because of any other facts
        specifically pertaining to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
 
          (e) No Material Adverse Change.  Whether or not any event or change
     is reflected in the CMC Bring Down Certificate, since September 30, 1994,
     there shall have been no material adverse change, and no event that could
     reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, to the
     business, properties, assets, results of operations or financial
     condition of CMC and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, provided,
     however, that "material adverse change" for this purpose shall not
     include (i) any adverse change resulting from economic or market
     conditions generally affecting businesses engaged in the same or
     substantially similar activities as CMC and its subsidiaries or (ii) any
     adverse change resulting directly from any action taken by the Company or
     any subsidiary of the Company except an action specifically permitted or
     contemplated by this Agreement (including the Bank Merger).
 
          (f) Tax Opinion.  The Company shall have received an opinion, based
     on the representation letters to be delivered pursuant to Section 4.4(c),
     of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel to the Company, to the effect that
     the Merger will be treated for Federal income tax purposes as a
     reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and that
     CMC and the Company will each be a party to that reorganization within
     the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.
 
          (g) Amendments to SEC Documents.  Since the effective date of the
     Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement, as applicable, no event with respect to
     CMC, any subsidiary of CMC or any security holder of CMC has occurred
     which should have been set forth in an amendment to the Form S-4 or a
     supplement to the Proxy Statement which has not been set forth in such an
     amendment or supplement.
 
          (h) Other Documents.  Each of the other Documents (other than the
     Services Agreement) shall have been executed substantially in the forms
     attached as Exhibits hereto or to the Contribution Agreement or, if not
     included as Exhibits, in the form mutually agreed to by the parties
     thereto and CMC, as the case may be, by the applicable parties thereto
     (other than the Company and its affiliates) and shall have become
     effective in accordance with its terms.
 
                                 ARTICLE VII
 
                      Termination, Amendment and Waiver
 
     SECTION 7.1.  Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of matters
presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of the Company:
 
          (a) by mutual written consent of CMC and the Company; or
 
          (b) by either CMC or the Company:
 
             (i) if, upon a vote at a duly held Stockholders Meeting or any
        adjournment thereof, any required approval of the stockholders of the
        Company shall not have been obtained;
 
             (ii) if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before
        the date one year following the date of this Agreement, unless the
        failure to consummate the Merger is the result of a wilful and
        material breach of this Agreement by the party seeking to terminate
        this Agreement; provided, however, that the passage of such period
        shall be tolled for any part thereof (but in no event for more than an
        additional 90 days) during which any party shall be subject to a
        nonfinal order, decree, ruling or action restraining, enjoining or
        otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger or the calling or
        holding of the Stockholders Meeting; or
 
             (iii) if any Governmental Entity shall have issued an order,
        decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently enjoining,
        restraining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order,
        decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and
        nonappealable.
 
                                     A-39
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 7.2.  Effect of Termination.
 
          (a) In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the
     Company or CMC as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall forthwith
     become void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on
     the part of CMC or the Company, other than the provisions of Section
     3.1(r), Section 3.2(l), the last two sentences of Section 5.4, Section
     5.10, this Section 7.2 and Article VIII and except to the extent that
     such termination results from the wilful and material breach by a party
     of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set
     forth in this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the Contribution
     Agreement or any agreement contemplated hereby or thereby.
 
          (b) If the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
     terminated as provided herein:
 
             (i) CMC shall return all documents and other material received
        from the Company or its representatives relating to the transactions
        contemplated hereby, whether so obtained before or after the execution
        hereof, to the Company; and
 
             (ii) all confidential information received by CMC with respect to
        the businesses of the Company shall be treated in accordance with the
        Confidentiality Agreement which shall remain in full force and effect
        notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement.
 
          (c) CMC has incurred substantial expenses in connection with its
     examination of the Company and negotiation of this Agreement and shall
     incur substantial expense in connection with its actions to implement the
     Merger. If this Agreement is terminated for any reason other than by
     reason of the failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections
     6.1(b) or (c); or 6.3(a), (b), (d) (but only if Cravath, Swaine & Moore
     is prepared to deliver the opinion referred to in 6.3(f) based on
     representation letters delivered to it in good faith), (e), (g) or (h);
     or due to a permanent injunction issued at the instance of the United
     States Department of Justice; or otherwise due to any default on the part
     of CMC or failure of CMC to obtain all requisite approvals, the Company
     shall pay to CMC, as liquidated damages, and not a penalty, the sum of
     (i) $5,000,000, if such termination occurs on or before the date that
     proxy statements relating to the Merger are first mailed to the Company's
     stockholders and (ii) $7,500,000, if the termination occurs after the
     date of such mailing.
 
     SECTION 7.3.  Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended by the parties at
any time before or after any required approval of matters presented in
connection with the Merger by the stockholders of the Company; provided,
however, that after any such approval, there shall be made no amendment that
by law requires further approval by such stockholders without the further
approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.
 
     SECTION 7.4.  Extension; Waiver.  At any time prior to the Effective
Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of
Section 7.3, waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this
Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights.
 
     SECTION 7.5.  Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or
Waiver.  A termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, an amendment
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.3 or an extension or waiver pursuant
to Section 7.4 shall, in order to be effective, require in the case of CMC or
the Company, action by its Board of Directors or the duly authorized designee
of its Board of Directors.
 
                                     A-40
<PAGE>
 
                                 ARTICLE VIII
 
                              General Provisions
 
     SECTION 8.1.  Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.  None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This
Section 8.1 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by
its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.
 
     SECTION 8.2.  Notices.  Any notice, request, instruction or other
document to be given hereunder by any party to any other party shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) on the first Business
Day occurring on or after the date of transmission if transmitted by facsimile
(upon confirmation of receipt by journal or report generated by the facsimile
machine of the party giving such notice), (b) on the first Business Day
occurring on or after the date of delivery if delivered personally or (c) on
the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if dispatched by Federal
Express or other next-day courier service. All notices hereunder shall be
given as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be
designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:
 
          (a) if to CMC, to
 
              The Chase Manhattan Corporation
              One Chase Manhattan Plaza
              New York, New York 10081
              Attention: Robert M. MacAllister
 
              with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
              O'Melveny & Myers
              153 East 53rd Street
              New York, New York 10022-4611
              Attention: William H. Satchell
 
          (b) if to the Company, to
 
              U. S. Trust Corporation
              114 West 47th Street
              New York, NY 10036
              Attention: Maureen Scannell Bateman
 
              with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
              Cravath, Swaine & Moore
              Worldwide Plaza
              825 Eighth Avenue
              New York, NY 10019
              Attention: B. Robbins Kiessling
 
     SECTION 8.3.  Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement:
 
          (a) an "affiliate" of any person means another person that directly
     or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
     controlled by, or is under common control with, such first person;
 
          (b) "person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint
     venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity;
     and
 
          (c) a "subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount of
     the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership
     interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its
     Board of Directors or other governing body (or, if there are no such
     voting interests, 50% or more of the equity interests of which) is owned
     directly or indirectly by such first person.
 
                                     A-41
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 8.4.  Interpretation.  When a reference is made in this Agreement
to a Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section of, or
an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are
used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation".
 
     SECTION 8.5.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by
each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.
 
     SECTION 8.6.  Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This
Agreement, the other Documents and the agreements referred to herein and
therein or required to be delivered in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Documents and certain side letters of date even herewith
exchanged by the parties in connection with the execution of this Agreement
constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements (other
than the Confidentiality Agreement) and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and
except for the provisions of Article II, Section 5.7, Section 5.8 and Section
5.9, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than the
parties any rights or remedies.
 
     SECTION 8.7.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York and, insofar
as the Merger is concerned, the Delaware General Corporation Law, regardless
of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflicts of laws thereof.
 
     SECTION 8.8.  Assignment.  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or
in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties without the
prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence,
this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be
enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.
 
     SECTION 8.9.  Enforcement.  The parties agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.
It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction
or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court of the
United States located in the State of New York, this being in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. In addition, each
of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal
jurisdiction of any Federal court located in the State of New York in the
event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or
defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from
any such court and (c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in
any court other than a Federal court sitting in the State of New York.
 
                [Remainder Of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]
 
                                     A-42
<PAGE>
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, CMC and the Company have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of the
date first written above.
 
                           THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION
 
                               By:  /s/    DEBORAH L. DUNCAN
                                    -------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Deborah L. Duncan
                                    Title: Executive Vice President and
                                           Treasurer
 
                           ATTEST:
 
                                   /s/    RONALD C. MAYER
                                    -------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Ronald C. Mayer
                                    Title: Secretary

                           U.S. TRUST CORPORATION

                               By:  /s/    H. MARSHALL SCHWARZ
                                    -------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  H. Marshall Schwarz
                                    Title: Chairman and CEO
 
                           ATTEST:
 
                                   /s/    JEFFREY S. MAURER
                                   -------------------------------------------
                                   Name:  Jeffrey S. Maurer
                                   Title: President
 
                                     A-43
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX B
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
 
                        Dated as of             , 1995
 
                                    Among
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                   UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                     and
 
                      NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
<TABLE> 
                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----
<S>                                                                                    <C>
RECITALS.............................................................................   B-1
 
ARTICLE I
  Definitions
 
SECTION 1.1..  Definitions...........................................................   B-1
 
ARTICLE II
  Capitalization of New Trustco;
  Recapitalization of New Holdings; Mechanics of Spin-Offs
 
SECTION 2.1    Capitalization of New Trustco.........................................   B-2
SECTION 2.2    Recapitalization of New Holdings......................................   B-2
SECTION 2.3    Mechanics of Spin-Offs................................................   B-3
SECTION 2.4    Timing of Spin-Offs...................................................   B-3
 
ARTICLE III
  Ancillary Agreements
 
SECTION 3.1    Tax Matters...........................................................   B-3
SECTION 3.2    Services Agreement....................................................   B-3
SECTION 3.3    Post Closing Covenants Agreement......................................   B-3
 
ARTICLE IV
  Certain Transactions
 
SECTION 4.1    Transactions Relating to New Trustco Spin-Off.........................   B-3
SECTION 4.2    Transactions Relating to New Holdings Spin-Off........................   B-4
SECTION 4.3    Certain Funds.........................................................   B-5
SECTION 4.4    Assumed Liabilities...................................................   B-5
SECTION 4.5    Further Assurances....................................................   B-5
SECTION 4.6    Benefit Plans.........................................................   B-6
SECTION 4.7    Indebtedness..........................................................   B-6
SECTION 4.8    Certain Custody Arrangements..........................................   B-6
 
ARTICLE V
  Representations and Warranties
 
SECTION 5.1    Representations and Warranties of the Company.........................   B-6
SECTION 5.2    Representations and Warranties of New Holdings........................   B-7
 
ARTICLE VI
  Certain Covenants
 
SECTION 6.1    Certain Understandings................................................   B-7
 
                                      B-i
<PAGE>
 
                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----
 
                                     ARTICLE VII
                                     Conditions
 
SECTION 7.1    Recapitalization of New Holdings......................................   B-8
SECTION 7.2    Tax Allocation Agreement..............................................   B-8
SECTION 7.3    Certain Transactions..................................................   B-8
SECTION 7.4    Conditions to Merger Satisfied........................................   B-8
SECTION 7.5    Stockholder Approval..................................................   B-8
SECTION 7.6    Registration of New Holdings Shares...................................   B-8
SECTION 7.7    Quotation on NASDAQ/NMS...............................................   B-8
SECTION 7.8    Regulatory Approvals..................................................   B-8
SECTION 7.9    No Injunctions or Restraints..........................................   B-8
SECTION 7.10   Post Closing Covenants Agreement......................................   B-8
 
                                    ARTICLE VIII
                          Termination, Amendment and Waiver
 
SECTION 8.1    Termination...........................................................   B-8
SECTION 8.2    Amendments and Waivers................................................   B-9
 
                                     ARTICLE IX
                                 General Provisions
 
SECTION 9.1    Counterparts..........................................................   B-9
SECTION 9.2    Governing Law.........................................................   B-9
SECTION 9.3    Notices...............................................................   B-9
SECTION 9.4    Captions..............................................................   B-9
SECTION 9.5    Assignment............................................................  B-10
SECTION 9.6    Survival of Representations...........................................  B-10
SECTION 9.7    Interpretation........................................................  B-10
</TABLE>
EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A      Assumption Agreement [Omitted]
 
SCHEDULES
 
Schedule 4.2(b)  Company Assets Assigned to New Holdings [Omitted]
 
                                     B-ii
<PAGE>
 
     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION, dated as of             , 1995 (this
"Distribution Agreement"), among U.S. TRUST CORPORATION, a New York
corporation (the "Company"), UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a New
York State chartered bank and trust company and a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company (including any successor by merger, "USTNY"), NEW USTC HOLDINGS
CORPORATION, a New York corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company ("New Holdings"), and NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a New York
State chartered bank and trust company and a wholly owned subsidiary of USTNY
("New Trustco").
 
                                   RECITALS
 
     WHEREAS, the Company and The Chase Manhattan Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("CMC") have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of November 18, 1994 (the "Merger Agreement"), providing for the Merger (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Company with and into CMC, with CMC as
the surviving corporation;
 
     WHEREAS, immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.3 of the Merger Agreement), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VII of this Distribution Agreement, (i) the
Board of Trustees of USTNY expects to distribute as a dividend to the Company
all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "New Trustco Common
Stock"), par value $1.00 per share, of New Trustco (the "New Trustco
Spin-off ") and (ii) the Board of Directors of the Company expects, following
the contribution of the New Trustco Common Stock and certain other assets by
the Company to New Holdings, to distribute as a dividend to the holders of
Common Stock of the Company, par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Common
Stock"), on a pro rata basis, all of the then outstanding shares of Common
Stock (the "New Holdings Common Stock"), par value $1.00 per share, of New
Holdings (the "New Holdings Spin-Off" and, together with the New Trustco
Spin-Off, the "Spin-Offs" ); and
 
     WHEREAS, the purpose of the Spin-Offs is to make possible the Merger by
divesting the Company of all businesses and operations other than the Retained
Business (as defined in the Merger Agreement). This Distribution Agreement
sets forth or provides for certain agreements among the Company, USTNY, New
Holdings and New Trustco in consideration of the separation of their
ownership.
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
                                  ARTICLE I
 
                                 Definitions
 
     SECTION 1.1.  Definitions.  As used in this Distribution Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following respective meanings (capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed
thereto in the Contribution Agreement):
 
          "Contribution Agreement" shall mean the Contribution and Assumption
     Agreement dated as of the date hereof between USTNY and New Trustco, in
     the form attached as Exhibit II to the Merger Agreement.
 
          "Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to any asset or
     property, the sale value that would be obtained in an arms length
     transaction between an informed and willing seller under no compulsion to
     sell and an informed and willing buyer under no compulsion to buy.
 
          "Limit Amount" shall mean the sum of (i) the amount described in
     clause (w) of Section 4.3, plus (ii) the amount described in clause
     (x)(i) of Section 4.3, plus (iii) the amount described in clause (y) of
     Section 4.3.
<PAGE>
 
          "MFSC Retained Liabilities" shall mean the following:
 
             (i) all liabilities to trade creditors and accounts payable of
        the Processing Business, but only to the extent fully liquidated and
        reflected on the Final MFSC Balance Sheet;
 
             (ii) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Customer
        Agreements relating to the Processing Business, but not any liability
        for defaults or damages arising before the Closing Date;
 
             (iii) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Contracts
        relating to the Processing Business, but not any liability for
        defaults or damages arising before the Closing Date;
 
             (iv) all intercompany obligations of MFSC owing to the Company or
        USTNY;
 
             (v) all obligations and duties as a lessee under leases,
        including the lease at 73 Tremont Street, Boston, MA, between MFSC, as
        Lessee, and Tremont Land Holding Company, Inc., as Lessor (the
        "Tremont Lease"); and
 
             (vi) to the extent not included in (i) through (v) above, any
        liabilities to the extent reflected on the Final MFSC Balance Sheet.
 
          Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, MFSC
     Retained Liabilities shall not include any liability for Taxes, except as
     provided in the Tax Allocation Agreement.
 
          "Time of Distribution" shall mean the time as of which the Spin-Offs
     are effective.
 
          "Transfer Agent" shall mean USTNY, the transfer agent for the
     Company Common Stock.
 
          "UST-WY Retained Liabilities" shall mean the following:
 
             (i) all liabilities to trade creditors and accounts payable of
        the Processing Business, but only to the extent fully liquidated and
        reflected on the Final UST-WY Balance Sheet;
 
             (ii) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Customer
        Agreements relating to the Processing Business, but not any liability
        for defaults or damages arising before the Closing Date;
 
             (iii) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Contracts
        relating to the Processing Business, but not any liability for
        defaults or damages arising before the Closing Date;
 
             (iv) all intercompany obligations of UST-WY owing to the Company
        or USTNY; and
 
             (v) to the extent not included in (i) through (iv) above, any
        liabilities to the extent reflected on the Final UST-WY Balance Sheet.
 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, UST-WY
Retained Liabilities shall not include any liability for Taxes, except as
provided in the Tax Allocation Agreement.
 
                                  ARTICLE II
 
               Capitalization of New Trustco; Recapitalization
                   of New Holdings; Mechanics of Spin-Offs
 
     SECTION 2.1.  Capitalization of New Trustco.  The authorized capital
stock of New Trustco currently consists of 100 shares of New Trustco Common
Stock, all of which are issued and outstanding and owned beneficially and of
record by USTNY.
 
     SECTION 2.2.  Recapitalization of New Holdings.  (a) The authorized
capital stock of New Holdings currently consists of 100 shares of Common
Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Existing New Holdings Common Stock"),
all of which are issued and outstanding and owned beneficially and of record
by the Company.
 
     (b) Immediately prior to the Time of Distribution, the Company shall (i)
appropriately cause New Holdings to amend and restate its Certificate of
Incorporation to, among other things, provide (x) for an
 
                                      B-2
<PAGE>
 
increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock of New Holdings
from the number of shares of Existing New Holdings Common Stock authorized
prior to such amendment and restatement and (y) that the authorized common
stock of New Holdings shall consist of New Holdings Common Stock and (ii)
exchange the 100 shares of Existing New Holdings Common Stock owned by the
Company for a total number of shares of New Holdings Common Stock equal to the
total number of shares of Company Common Stock outstanding as of the Record
Date (as defined below) for the Distribution.
 
     SECTION 2.3.  Mechanics of Spin-Offs.  The Spin-Offs shall be effected by
(a)(i) the contribution of certain assets by USTNY to New Trustco, and the
assumption of certain liabilities of USTNY by New Trustco, in each case as
provided in the Contribution Agreement and (ii) the declaration and payment of
a dividend by USTNY of all the outstanding capital stock of New Trustco to the
Company, as provided for in this Distribution Agreement, followed by (b)(i)
the contribution of certain assets (including, without limitation, all of the
capital stock of New Trustco and certain other subsidiaries of the Company) by
the Company to New Holdings, and the assumption of certain liabilities of the
Company by New Holdings, in each case as provided for in this Distribution
Agreement and (ii) the distribution to each holder of record of Company Common
Stock, as of the close of the stock transfer books on the record date
designated by or pursuant to the authorization of the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Record Date"), of certificates representing one share of New
Holdings Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Company Common
Stock held by such holder.
 
     SECTION 2.4.  Timing of Spin-Offs.  Immediately prior to the Effective
Time subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VII, (a) the Board of Trustees of USTNY shall formally declare the New
Trustco Spin-Off and pay it by delivery of certificates for New Trustco Common
Stock to the Company and (b) the Board of Directors of the Company shall
formally declare the New Holdings Spin-Off and pay it by delivery of
certificates for New Holdings Common Stock to the Transfer Agent for delivery
to the holders entitled thereto. The Spin-Offs shall be deemed to be effective
upon notification by the Company to the Transfer Agent that the Spin-Offs have
been declared and that the Transfer Agent is authorized to proceed with the
distribution of New Holdings Common Stock, which notification the Company
agrees to deliver promptly following such declarations.
 
                                 ARTICLE III
 
                             Ancillary Agreements
 
     SECTION 3.1.  Tax Matters.  Prior to the Time of Distribution, the
parties hereto shall execute and deliver an agreement relating to past and
future tax sharing and certain issues associated therewith in the form
attached to the Merger Agreement as Exhibit V (the "Tax Allocation
Agreement").
 
     SECTION 3.2.  Services Agreement.  Prior to the Time of Distribution,
USTNY and New Trustco shall execute and deliver the Services Agreement (as
defined in the Contribution Agreement).
 
     SECTION 3.3.  Post Closing Covenants Agreement.  Prior to the Time of
Distribution, the parties hereto shall execute and deliver the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement in the form attached to the Merger Agreement as Exhibit VI
(the "Post Closing Covenants Agreement").
 
                                  ARTICLE IV
 
                             Certain Transactions
 
     SECTION 4.1.  Transactions Relating to New Trustco Spin-Off.  Immediately
prior to the Time of Distribution, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions set forth in Article VII:
 
          (a) USTNY and New Trustco shall execute and deliver the Contribution
     Agreement; and
 
          (b) Pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, USTNY shall
     assign, transfer, convey and contribute to New Trustco the assets
     required therein to be assigned, transferred, conveyed and
 
                                      B-3
<PAGE>
 
     contributed and, in connection therewith, New Trustco shall assume the
     liabilities required therein to be assumed.
 
     SECTION 4.2.  Transactions Relating to New Holdings
Spin-Off.  Immediately prior to the Time of Distribution and immediately after
(x) the transfers described in Section 4.1 and (y) the New Trustco Spin-Off,
as provided in Section 2.3, the Company shall, upon the terms and conditions
of this Distribution Agreement, assign, transfer, convey and contribute (or
cause the assignment, transfer, conveyance or contribution of) the following
(the "Acquired Assets") to New Holdings:
 
          (a) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the following
     subsidiaries:
 
             (i) New Trustco;
 
             (ii) U.S. Trust Co. of Florida Savings Bank, a Florida banking
        corporation;
 
             (iii) U.S.T.L.P.O. Corp., a Delaware corporation;
 
             (iv) Campbell, Cowperthwait & Company, a Delaware Corporation;
 
             (v) U.S. Trust Co. of California, N.A., a national banking
        association;
 
             (vi) U.S. Trust Co. of New Jersey, a New Jersey banking
        corporation;
 
             (vii) U.S. Trust Company of Connecticut, a Connecticut banking
        corporation;
 
             (viii) UST Financial Services Corp., a New York corporation;
 
             (ix) CTMC Holding Company, an Oregon corporation;
 
             (x) U.S. Trust Company Limited, a New York banking corporation;
 
             (xi) Technologies Holding Corporation, a Delaware corporation;
        and
 
             (xii) UST Risk Management Services Inc., a New York corporation;
 
          (b)(i) subject to the provisions of Section 4.3, all monies, cash on
     hand, deposits with banks, loans, advances, investments (other than
     equity investments described in the parenthetical in Section 4.2(b)(iii))
     and securities (other than securities representing equity investments
     described in the parenthetical in Section 4.2(b)(iii)) owned by, or held
     for the account of, the Company;
 
          (ii) all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
     registrations, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, or licenses with
     respect thereto, and all rights to the name "U.S. Trust Corporation" or
     any other name used or employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates
     (other than Mutual Funds Service Company, a Delaware corporation and a
     wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("MFSC"));
 
          (iii) all equity or debt investments of the Company in any
     corporation, joint venture, partnership, trust or other business
     association (other than the Company's equity investments in MFSC, USTNY
     and U.S. Trust Company of Wyoming, a Wyoming corporation and wholly owned
     subsidiary of the Company ("UST-WY"));
 
          (iv) all records prepared in connection with the Merger contemplated
     by the Merger Agreement or the sale of the Retained Business, including
     bids received from other persons and analyses relating to the Processing
     Business and all books of account, general, financial, accounting and
     personnel records, files, invoices and similar data owned by the Company
     on the Closing Date;
 
          (v) all rights relating to the Assumed Liabilities; and
 
          (vi) all assets identified in Schedule 4.2(b);
 
          (c) (i) all monies, cash on hand, deposits with banks, loans,
     advances, investments and securities owned by, or held for the account
     of, MFSC; and
 
                                      B-4
<PAGE>
 
          (ii) all equity or debt investments of MFSC (other than MFSC's
     equity interest in Mutual Funds Service Company (Canada) Ltd.) in any
     corporation, joint venture, partnership, trust or other business
     association;
 
          (d) (i) all monies, cash on hand, deposits with banks, loans,
     advances, investments and securities owned by, or held for the account
     of, UST-WY;
 
          (ii) all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
     registrations, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, or licenses owned
     by UST-WY and all rights with respect to the name "U.S. Trust Co. of
     Wyoming," or any similar name used or employed by UST-WY or any of its
     Affiliates; and
 
          (iii) all equity or debt investments of UST-WY in any corporation,
     joint venture, partnership, trust or other business association.
 
     Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Acquired Assets do not
include the business, properties, assets, goodwill and rights of the Company
of whatever kind and nature, real or personal, tangible or intangible that are
primarily used or held for use in the Processing Business and the Related Back
Office on the Closing Date (other than any names that are Acquired Assets, and
any similar names).
 
     SECTION 4.3.  Certain Funds.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company
shall retain, and not distribute or contribute to New Holdings pursuant to
Section 4.2, cash funds equal to the Retention Amount. The "Retention Amount"
shall mean the sum of (w) the aggregate amount, determined as of the close of
business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, of the cash
payments required to be made with respect to all stock options granted under
the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation and the U.S. Trust
Corporation Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors that have not expired
or that have not been exercised or cancelled prior to the Effective Time (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), determined in accordance with the relevant
provisions of each such plan on the basis of a "Change in Control" having
occurred thereunder with respect to such stock options as a result of the
Merger; plus (x) the product of (i) the aggregate amount, determined as of the
close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, of the
cash payments required to be made with respect to all outstanding account
balances under the Annual Incentive Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation, determined
in accordance with the relevant provisions of such plan (including any
amendment thereof made in accordance with the last sentence of Section 4.1(h)
of the Merger Agreement) on the basis of a "Change in Control" having occurred
thereunder as a result of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) 0.68875; plus (y) the
aggregate amount, determined as of the close of business on the day
immediately prior to the Closing Date, required to pay any employer payroll
taxes, including the employer's share of FICA and FUTA, due on amounts payable
under the plans referred to in clauses (w) and (x); minus (z) the sum of (i)
$5.5 million plus (ii) an amount equal to the MFSC Equity Amount plus (iii) an
amount equal to the UST-WY Equity Amount.
 
     At all times at and after the Closing, the Company will retain and be
solely responsible for, and the Company hereby agrees to pay, perform and
discharge when due, and indemnify New Holdings and hold New Holdings harmless
from and against, all liabilities and obligations, but not in excess of the
Limit Amount, for amounts payable under each of the plans referred to in
clauses (w) and (x)(i) above, and all liabilities and obligations to pay all
employer payroll taxes referred to in clause (y) above.
 
     SECTION 4.4.  Assumed Liabilities.  The parties agree that at or prior to
the Time of Distribution, New Holdings shall execute an assumption agreement
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, pursuant to which New
Holdings shall, except as otherwise provided in this Distribution Agreement,
the Merger Agreement, the Contribution Agreement or the Tax Allocation
Agreement, assume, or agree to be responsible for, all liabilities of the
Company, UST-WY and MFSC other than the MFSC Retained Liabilities and the
UST-WY Retained Liabilities arising before the Time of Distribution and the
liabilities and obligations referred to in the second paragraph of Section 4.3
(the "Assumed Liabilities") .
 
     SECTION 4.5.  Further Assurances.  (a) The parties agree that if after
the Time of Distribution, either party holds assets which by the terms hereof
or of the Contribution Agreement or the Merger Agreement were intended to be
assigned and transferred to, or retained by, the other party, such party shall
promptly assign and transfer or cause to be assigned and transferred such
assets to the other party.
 
                                      B-5
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 4.6.  Benefit Plans.  Prior to the Time of Distribution, the
Company shall transfer each Benefit Plan (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
maintained by it other than any Retained Plan (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) to New Holdings, and New Holdings agrees to assume and become
solely responsible for all liabilities and obligations of the Company under
the Benefit Plans so transferred.
 
     SECTION 4.7.  Indebtedness.  Prior to the Time of Distribution, the
Company shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, redeem or defease the
indebtedness set forth in Schedule 4.2(c) to the Merger Agreement.
 
     SECTION 4.8.  Certain Custody Arrangements.  Prior to the Time of
Distribution, the Company shall cause its subsidiary, U.S. Trust of the
Pacific Northwest ("Pacific Northwest") to enter a sub-custody agreement (the
"Sub-custody Agreement") with USTNY. The Sub-custody Agreement, in form and
substance mutually satisfactory to the parties thereto, shall provide, in
substance, (i) that USTNY shall furnish sub-custody services with respect to
all assets of Standard Insurance Company of Oregon required by law to be
maintained with a custodian domiciled in the State of Oregon; (ii) for the
pass-through to USTNY of all revenues received with respect to all such
custody services furnished to such Customer; (iii) for indemnification of
Pacific Northwest by USTNY against all losses, expenses, costs or liabilities
associated with or arising from such relationship, except those resulting from
its own gross negligence and (iv) in the event USTNY or its successor, or any
Affiliate, is at any time eligible to furnish sub-custody services directly to
such Customer, then at the request of USTNY or its successor or any Affiliate,
Pacific Northwest shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all
necessary consents to substitute USTNY, any successor, or Affiliate, as the
case may be, as trustee or custodian for such Customer.
 
                                  ARTICLE V
 
                        Representations and Warranties
 
     SECTION 5.1.  Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company
hereby represents and warrants to New Holdings as follows:
 
          (a) Organization, Standing and Power.  The Company is a corporation
     duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
     the State of New York and has all requisite corporate power and authority
     to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as
     now being conducted.
 
          (b) Authority.  The Company has all requisite power and authority to
     execute this Distribution Agreement and to consummate the transactions
     contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Distribution
     Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
     have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
     Company and by the stockholders of the Company. This Distribution
     Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and
     constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
     enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
 
          (c) No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance by the
     Company of this Distribution Agreement will not contravene, violate,
     result in a breach of or constitute a default under (i) any provision of
     applicable law or of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the
     Company or other charter or organizational documents, (ii) any judgment,
     order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to
     the Company or any of its properties or assets, (iii) any Material
     Contract (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to which the Company is a
     party or by which the Company or any of its properties is bound or (iv)
     any debt obligation fully defeased and discharged or fully defeased in
     substance on or before the Time of Distribution.
 
          (d) Approvals.  No consent, approval, order, authorization of, or
     registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity (as
     defined in the Contribution Agreement) is required in connection with the
     making or performance by the Company of this Distribution Agreement,
     except (i) approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
     System, (ii) filings with or applications to (A) the FDIC (as defined in
     the Merger Agreement) and (B) the Banking Department of the State of New
     York, (iii) filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") of
     (A) potentially, a registration
 
                                      B-6
<PAGE>
 
     statement on Form S-1 and (B) a Form 10 (as defined in the Merger
     Agreement), (iv) filings with various state bank regulatory authorities
     and (v) application for (A) designation of the New Holdings Common Stock
     as national market system securities on the NASDAQ or (B) listing of the
     New Holdings Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange or the American
     Stock Exchange.
 
     SECTION 5.2.  Representations and Warranties of New Holdings.  New
Holdings hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows:
 
          (a) Organization, Standing and Power.  New Holdings is a corporation
     duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
     the State of New York and has all requisite corporate power and authority
     to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as
     now being conducted.
 
          (b) Authority.  New Holdings has all requisite power and authority
     to execute this Distribution Agreement and to consummate the transactions
     contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Distribution
     Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
     have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of New
     Holdings and, to the extent required, by the stockholders of New
     Holdings. This Distribution Agreement has been duly executed and
     delivered by New Holdings and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
     obligation of New Holdings enforceable against it in accordance with its
     terms.
 
          (c) No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance by New
     Holdings of this Distribution Agreement will not contravene, violate,
     result in a breach of or constitute a default under (i) any provision of
     applicable law or of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of New
     Holdings or other charter or organizational documents or (ii) any
     judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation
     applicable to New Holdings or any of its properties or assets.
 
          (d) Approvals.  No consent, approval, order, authorization of, or
     registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity (as
     defined in the Contribution Agreement) is required in connection with the
     making or performance by New Holding of this Distribution Agreement,
     except (i) approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
     System, (ii) filings with or applications to (A) the FDIC (as defined in
     the Merger Agreement and (B) the Banking Department of the State of New
     York, (iii) filing with the SEC of (A) potentially, a registration
     statement on Form S-1 and (B) a Form 10 (as defined in the Merger
     Agreement), (iv) filings with various state bank regulatory authorities
     and (v) application for (A) designation of the New Holdings Common Stock
     as national market system securities on the NASDAQ, or (B) listing of the
     New Holdings Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange or the American
     Stock Exchange.
 
                                  ARTICLE VI
 
                              Certain Covenants
 
     SECTION 6.1.  Certain Understandings.  New Holdings acknowledges that
neither the Company nor any other person has made any representation or
warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any
information regarding the Acquired Assets or Assumed Liabilities not included
in this Distribution Agreement or the schedules hereto. New Holdings
acknowledges that it will acquire the Acquired Assets without any
representation or warranty as to merchantability or fitness for any particular
purpose, in an "as is" condition and on a "where is" basis.
 
                                      B-7
<PAGE>
 
                                 ARTICLE VII
 
                                  Conditions
 
     The obligations of the Company and New Holdings to consummate the
Spin-Offs shall be subject to the fulfillment of each of the following
conditions:
 
     SECTION 7.1.  Recapitalization of New Holdings.  The recapitalization of
New Holdings in accordance with Section 2.2 hereof shall have been completed
substantially as described therein.
 
     SECTION 7.2.  Tax Allocation Agreement.  The Tax Allocation Agreement
shall have been executed and delivered by each of the Company and New
Holdings.
 
     SECTION 7.3.  Certain Transactions.  All of the transactions or
obligations contemplated by Sections 4.1 and 4.2 hereof to be consummated or
performed at or prior to the Time of Distribution shall have been successfully
consummated or so performed.
 
     SECTION 7.4.  Conditions to Merger Satisfied.  Each condition to the
closing of the Merger set forth in Article VI of the Merger Agreement, other
than the condition to each party's obligations set forth in Section 6.1(g)
thereof as to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Distribution Agreement, shall have been satisfied or waived.
 
     SECTION 7.5.  Stockholder Approval.  This Distribution Agreement and the
New Holdings Spin-Off shall have been approved and adopted by the affirmative
vote of the holders of Company Common Stock entitled to cast at least 66 2/3%
of the total number of votes entitled to be cast.
 
     SECTION 7.6.  Registration of New Holdings Shares.  Any registration
statement filed by New Holdings with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), in connection with the issuance of New
Holdings Common Stock in the New Holdings Spin-Off shall have become effective
under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, as applicable, and shall not be the
subject of any stop order or proceeding by the SEC seeking a stop order.
 
     SECTION 7.7.  Quotation on NASDAQ/NMS.  The shares of New Holdings Common
Stock to be issued in the New Holdings Spin-Off shall have been designated as
national market system securities on the interdealer quotation system by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or listed on the New York or
American Stock Exchanges, subject to official notice of issuance.
 
     SECTION 7.8.  Regulatory Approvals.  All authorizations, consents, orders
or approvals of, or declarations or filings with, or expirations of waiting
periods imposed by, any governmental authority necessary for the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Distribution Agreement shall have
been obtained or filed or shall have occurred.
 
     SECTION 7.9.  No Injunctions or Restraints.  No temporary restraining
order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court
of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing
the consummation of the Spin-Offs shall be in effect (each party agreeing to
use all reasonable efforts to have any such order reversed or injunction
lifted).
 
     SECTION 7.10.  Post Closing Covenants Agreement.  The Post Closing
Covenants Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by each of CMC, the
Company, USTNY, New Holdings and New Trustco.
 
                                 ARTICLE VIII

                      Termination, Amendment and Waiver
 
     SECTION 8.1.  Termination.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Distribution Agreement, this Distribution Agreement may be terminated and
the transactions contemplated hereby abandoned at any time prior to the
Closing by mutual written consent of the Company and New Holdings in the event
the Merger Agreement is terminated by any party thereto in accordance with the
terms thereof.
 
                                      B-8
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 8.2.  Amendments and Waivers.  This Distribution Agreement may
not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of
the parties hereto and consented to by CMC. By an instrument in writing, the
parties hereto may waive compliance by any other party with any term or
provision of this Distribution Agreement that such other party was or is
obligated to comply with or perform; provided that no such waiver by the
Company, USTNY, MFSC or UST-WY shall be effective unless consented to by CMC.
 
                                  ARTICLE IX
 
                              General Provisions
 
     SECTION 9.1.  Counterparts.  For the convenience of the parties hereto,
this Distribution Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each
such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and which
counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement.
 
     SECTION 9.2.  Governing Law.  This Distribution Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without reference to its conflicts of law principles.
 
     SECTION 9.3.  Notices.  Any notice, request, instruction or other
document to be given hereunder by any party to any other party shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) on the first Business
Day occurring on or after the date of transmission if transmitted by facsimile
(upon confirmation of receipt by journal or report generated by the facsimile
machine of the party giving such notice), (ii) on the first Business Day
occurring on or after the date of delivery if delivered personally or (iii) on
the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if dispatched by Federal
Express or other next-day courier service. All notices hereunder shall be
given as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be
designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:
 
          If to the Company or USTNY:
 
               c/o The Chase Manhattan Corporation
               One Chase Manhattan Plaza
               New York, New York 10081
               Attention: Robert M. MacAllister
 
          with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
               O'Melveny & Myers
               153 East 53rd Street
               New York, New York 10022
               Attention: William H. Satchell
 
          If to New Holdings or New Trustco:
 
               c/o U.S. Trust Corporation
               114 West 47th Street
               New York, New York 10036
               Attention: Maureen Scannell Bateman
 
          with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
               Cravath, Swaine & Moore
               Worldwide Plaza
               825 Eighth Avenue
               New York, New York 10019
               Attention: B. Robbins Kiessling
 
     SECTION 9.4.  Captions.  All Article, Section and paragraph captions
herein are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this
Distribution Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect
any of the provisions hereof.
 
                                      B-9
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 9.5.  Assignment.  Except as expressly provided herein, nothing
contained in this Distribution Agreement is intended to confer on any person
or entity other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns any benefit, rights or remedies under or by reason of this
Distribution Agreement, except that the provisions of Sections 5.1 and 5.2
hereof shall inure to the benefit of the persons referred to therein.
 
     SECTION 9.6.  Survival of Representations.  The representations and
warranties of New Holdings and New Trustco contained in this Agreement shall
survive the Closing and shall terminate at the close of business two years
following the Closing Date. The representations of the Company and USTNY
contained in this Agreement shall terminate on the Closing Date.
 
     SECTION 9.7.  Interpretation.  When a reference is made in this
Distribution Agreement to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit, such reference shall
be to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit of this Distribution Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this
Distribution Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Distribution Agreement. Whenever
the words "included", "includes" or "including" are used in this Distribution
Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation". All accounting terms not defined in this Distribution Agreement
shall have the meanings determined by generally accepted accounting
principles.
 
                [Remainder Of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]
 
                                     B-10
<PAGE>
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Distribution Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as of the
date first written above.
 
                                          U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF
                                          NEW YORK
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          MUTUAL FUNDS SERVICE COMPANY, for
                                          purposes of Section 4.2(c) only,
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF WYOMING, for
                                          purposes of Section 4.2(d) only,
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                     B-11
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX C
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                    CONTRIBUTION AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
 
                        Dated as of             , 1995
 
                                   Between
 
                             UNITED STATES TRUST
                             COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
                                     and
 
                      NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----
<S>                                                                                    <C>
RECITALS.............................................................................   C-1
 
ARTICLE I
Definitions
 
SECTION 1.1.    Definitions..........................................................   C-1
 
ARTICLE II
Contribution of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities
 
SECTION 2.1.    Contribution.........................................................  C-10
SECTION 2.2.    Acquired Assets and Retained Assets..................................  C-10
SECTION 2.3.    Assumption of Certain Liabilities....................................  C-13
SECTION 2.4.    Benefit Plans; Employee Matters......................................  C-14
SECTION 2.5.    Capital Notes........................................................  C-14
SECTION 2.6.    Delayed Assets and Liabilities.......................................  C-15
SECTION 2.7.    Estimated and Final Balance Sheets; Eligible Investment Retention....  C-15
 
ARTICLE III
The Closing
 
SECTION 3.1.    Closing Date.........................................................  C-16
SECTION 3.2.    Transactions To Be Effected at the Closing...........................  C-16
 
ARTICLE IV
Representations and Warranties
 
SECTION 4.1.    Representations and Warranties of USTNY..............................  C-17
SECTION 4.2.    Representations and Warranties of New Trustco........................  C-17
 
ARTICLE V
Covenants
 
SECTION 5.1.    Items in Transit.....................................................  C-18
SECTION 5.2.    Further Assurances...................................................  C-18
SECTION 5.3.    Certain Understandings...............................................  C-19
SECTION 5.4.    Use of Name..........................................................  C-19
SECTION 5.5.    Transferred Processing Receivables...................................  C-19
 
ARTICLE VI
Conditions Precedent
 
SECTION 6.1.    Conditions to Each Party's Obligation................................  C-19
SECTION 6.2.    Conditions to Obligations of New Trustco.............................  C-20
SECTION 6.3.    Conditions to the Obligation of USTNY................................  C-20
 
                                      C-i
<PAGE>
 
                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----
ARTICLE VII
Termination, Amendment and Waiver
 
SECTION 7.1.    Termination..........................................................  C-21
SECTION 7.2.    Amendments and Waivers...............................................  C-21
 
ARTICLE VIII
General Provisions
 
SECTION 8.1.    Notices..............................................................  C-21
SECTION 8.2.    Interpretation.......................................................  C-22
SECTION 8.3.    Survival of Representations..........................................  C-22
SECTION 8.4.    Severability.........................................................  C-22
SECTION 8.5.    Counterparts.........................................................  C-22
SECTION 8.6.    Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries..........................  C-22
SECTION 8.7.    Governing Law........................................................  C-22
SECTION 8.8.    Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial........................  C-22
SECTION 8.9.    Certain Disputes.....................................................  C-23
SECTION 8.10.   Assignment...........................................................  C-24
</TABLE>
                                     C-ii
<PAGE>
<TABLE> 
EXHIBITS [Omitted]
  <S>                     <C>
  Exhibit A               Assumption Agreement
  Exhibit B               Final Balance Sheets
  Exhibit C               Broadway Sublease Term Sheet
 
SCHEDULES [Omitted]
 
  Schedule 1.1A           Significant Accounting Principles
  Schedule 1.1B           Computer Leases
  Schedule 1.1C           Customers who are Affiliates; Customers through Sub-Agreements
  Schedule 1.1D           IAS Business Exclusions
  Schedule 1.1E           September Balance Sheets
  Schedule 2.2(a)(v)      UST Branch Offices
  Schedule 2.2(a)(vi)     Acquired Business Leases
  Schedule 2.2(a)(xv)     Ownership Interests
  Schedule 2.2(a)(xxiv)   Certain Acquired Assets
</TABLE>
                                     C-iii
<PAGE>
 
                    CONTRIBUTION AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
 
     CONTRIBUTION AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT dated as of             , 1995 (the
"Agreement" or "Contribution Agreement"), between UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, a New York State chartered bank and trust company (including any
successor by merger, "USTNY"), and NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a New
York State chartered bank and trust company and a wholly owned subsidiary of
USTNY ("New Trustco").
 
                                   RECITALS
 
     WHEREAS, U.S. Trust Corporation, a New York corporation (the "Company"),
of which USTNY is a wholly owned subsidiary, and The Chase Manhattan
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("CMC"), have entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 18, 1994 (the "Merger Agreement"),
providing for the Merger (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the Company
with and into CMC, with CMC as the surviving corporation;
 
     WHEREAS, immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in Section
1.3 of the Merger Agreement), subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI of this Contribution Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) the Board of
Trustees of USTNY expects to distribute as a dividend to the Company all of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "New Trustco Common Stock"), par
value $1.00 per share, of New Trustco (the "New Trustco Spin-Off"), (ii) the
Board of Directors of the Company expects to contribute the New Trustco Common
Stock and certain other assets of the Company to New USTC Holdings
Corporation, a New York corporation ("New Holdings"), which will be a newly
formed wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and (iii) the Board of
Directors of the Company expects, following the contribution of the New
Trustco Common Stock to New Holdings, to distribute as a dividend to the
holders of Common Stock of the Company, par value $1.00 per share (the
"Company Common Stock"), on a pro rata basis, all of the then outstanding
shares of Common Stock (the "New Holdings Common Stock"), par value $1.00 per
share, of New Holdings (the "New Holdings Spin-Off" and, together with the New
Trustco Spin-Off, the "Spin-Offs"); and
 
     WHEREAS, the purpose of the Spin-Offs is to make possible the Merger by
divesting the Company of all businesses and operations other than the Retained
Business (as defined in the Merger Agreement). This Contribution Agreement
provides for the transfer to, and assumption by, New Trustco, in anticipation
of the New Trustco Spin-Off, of the businesses, assets and liabilities of
USTNY other than the Processing Business and the Related Back Office and the
assets and liabilities relating thereto (the "Contribution"), and sets forth
certain agreements between USTNY and New Trustco in respect thereof.
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
                                  ARTICLE I
 
                                 Definitions
 
     SECTION 1.1.  Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the terms
defined in the recitals hereto shall have the meanings assigned to them in
such recitals, and the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
below:
 
          "Abandoned Property" shall mean any funds or securities which are
     payable or deliverable to third parties in connection with USTNY's
     activities as trustee, custodian, paying agent or in a similar capacity,
     and which have become "abandoned property" within the meaning of the New
     York Abandoned Property Law or other applicable Federal or state laws
     (regardless of whether such property has been delivered by USTNY to any
     governmental authority entitled to or responsible for abandoned
     property).
 
          "Accounting Principles" shall mean the accounting principles set
     forth on Schedule 1.1A hereto.
 
          "Acquired Assets" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 2.2(a).
<PAGE>
 
          "Acquired Business" shall mean all the businesses of USTNY,
     including the Asset and Investment Management Business, the Corporate
     Trust and Agency Business and the Private Banking Business, other than
     the Processing Business and the Related Back Office.
 
          "Acquired Third-Party Service Agreements" shall mean the third-party
     services agreements related to the Related Back Office and maintained
     for, and used predominantly by, the Acquired Business.
 
          "Adjustment Amount" shall mean the sum of (i) the excess of (A) the
     aggregate amount of the Statement Liabilities on the Final Processing
     Balance Sheet over (B) the aggregate amount of the Statement Assets
     (without inclusion of any Eligible Investments or funds to be retained by
     USTNY at the Closing pursuant to Section 2.7(b)), minus(ii) the MFSC
     Equity Amount, plus (iii) the Computer Lease Adjustment Amount, plus (iv)
     the Retained Bank Plans Amount, plus (v) the Real Property Transfer Tax
     Amount, plus (vi) the Transition Bonus Amount, plus (vii) the
     Post-Retirement Benefit Adjustment Amount, plus (viii) the Put Adjustment
     Amount, minus (ix) the UST-WY Equity Amount, plus (x) the sum of (A) $5.5
     million plus (B) an amount equal to the MFSC Equity Amount plus (C) an
     amount equal to the UST-WY Equity Amount.
 
          "Affiliate" shall mean, when used with respect to a specified
     person, another person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
     intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control
     with the person specified.
 
          "Anticipation Advances" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in Section 2.2(b).
 
          "Asset and Investment Management Business" shall mean the asset and
     investment management business of USTNY and its Affiliates ("AIM"), as
     conducted in the case of USTNY by its Asset Management Group, which
     consists of administration of personal and family trusts and estates,
     estate planning services, providing special fiduciary services,
     broker-dealer services, custody services with respect to assets managed
     by AIM, providing tax services and financial counseling and acting as a
     discretionary trustee or an investment manager for stocks, bonds,
     separately managed or pooled accounts, common trust funds and other
     financial assets for individuals and entities including without
     limitation, mutual funds, institutions and employee benefit plans.
 
          "Asset Management System" shall mean the computer software
     (including all source and object codes, manuals and related
     documentation) comprising the core trust and custody software system
     utilized by USTNY in the Processing Business and its other businesses,
     which system is owned by Financial Technologies International, L.P.
     ("FTI"). The Asset Management System includes both the AMS/Open Product
     (consisting of the (i) AMS/Open Customer Information System Product, (ii)
     AMS/Open Access Security Product, (iii) Investor Information Workbench
     Product, (iv) Administrators Information Workbench Product and (v) Global
     Securities Industry Relational Data Model) and the AMS/1 System.
 
          "Asset Management System Agreements" shall mean any and all
     agreements with FTI or any third party relating to the Asset Management
     System, including (i) the letter agreement between FTI and USTNY dated
     August 29, 1994, relating to the AMS/1 system, (ii) the letter agreement
     between FTI and USTNY dated August 29, 1994, relating to the AMS/Open
     Product, and (iii) the Demonstration and Licensing Agreement between FTI
     and USTNY dated August 29, 1994.
 
          "Assumed Liabilities" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in Section 2.3(a).
 
          "Assumption Agreement" shall mean an assumption agreement in the
     form of Exhibit A, pursuant to which New Trustco confirms its assumption
     of, and its agreement to pay, perform and discharge, the Assumed
     Liabilities.
 
          "Bank Processing Services" shall mean loan processing services,
     deposit processing services, check processing services, payments
     processing services, cash management processing services, electronic
     funds transfer services, ATM switching and settlement services, related
     bank records and retrieval services, and other related processing
     services.
 
                                      C-2
<PAGE>
 
          "Book Value" shall mean, with respect to any asset or liability, the
     dollar amount thereof reflected in the accounting records of USTNY. The
     Book Value of any item shall be determined as of the Closing Date after
     adjustments made by USTNY for suspense items, unposted debits and credits
     and other similar adjustments or corrections. Without limiting the
     foregoing, the Book Value of (i) a Retained Liability shall include all
     accrued and unpaid interest thereon as of the Closing Date, (ii) an
     overdraft or loan shall reflect adjustments for accrued but unpaid
     interest, (iii) a Retained Asset that is a financial asset shall not
     include adjustments for reserves in the accounting records of USTNY and
     (iv) any other Retained Asset shall be reflected net of applicable
     depreciation and amortization.
 
          "Broadway Lease" shall mean the Lease Agreement dated as of June 20,
     1980, as amended, between New York Equities, Inc., as Lessor, and USTNY,
     as Lessee, relating to space in the building located at 770 Broadway, New
     York, New York.
 
          "Broadway Lease Put" shall mean the letter agreement dated November
     8, 1994, between New York Equities Company and USTNY relating to the
     potential subletting, at the option of USTNY, to New York Equities
     Company of certain floors covered by the Broadway Lease.
 
          "Broadway Sublease" shall mean a sublease between USTNY as
     sublessor, and New Trustco as sublessee, relating to portions of the
     premises at 770 Broadway, New York, New York, to be entered into on
     substantially the terms set forth on the Term Sheet attached as Exhibit
     C.
 
          "Business Day" shall mean any day (other than a day which is a
     Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in the State of New York) on which
     banks are open for business in New York City.
 
          "Capital Notes" shall mean the 8 1/2% Capital Notes due 2001 of
     USTNY.
 
          "Closing" shall mean the closing hereunder of the assignment and
     transfer of the Acquired Assets and the transfer and assumption of the
     Assumed Liabilities.
 
          "Closing Date" shall mean the date on which the Closing occurs.
 
          "CMB" shall mean The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association), a
     national banking association and a wholly owned subsidiary of CMC.
 
          "CMC" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals
     hereof.
 
          "Company" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
     Recitals hereof.
 
          "Company Common Stock" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in the Recitals hereof.
 
          "Computer Lease" shall mean any lease under which USTNY is the
     lessee of data processing equipment or computer hardware used solely or
     predominantly to support, or reasonably necessary to the conduct of, the
     Processing Business and the Related Back Office. Any lease or licensing
     agreement for system or application software that is hard-coded into such
     equipment or computer hardware shall constitute a Computer Lease.
 
          "Computer Lease Adjustment Amount" shall mean the product of (x) the
     aggregate termination payments that would be required to be made to the
     lessors under the Computer Leases listed on Schedule 1.1B if such leases
     were terminated effective as of the Closing Date, determined in each case
     by agreement of New Trustco and CMC in accordance with the terms of the
     relevant lease multiplied by (y) 0.585.
 
          "Contracts" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section
     2.2(b).
 
          "Contribution" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
     Recitals hereof.
 
          "Control" shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
     power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a
     person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
     or otherwise, and "Controlling" and "Controlled" shall have meanings
     correlative thereto.
 
                                      C-3
<PAGE>
 
          "Corporate Trust and Agency Business" shall mean the corporate trust
     and agency business of USTNY and its Affiliates, which consists of acting
     as trustee for the holders of interests representing obligations under
     bonds, debentures, leases, structured obligations, derivative and
     asset-backed securities, and voting trusts, acting as registrar, tender
     agent, voting trustee, solicitation agent, drawing agent, authenticating
     agent, warrant agent, paying agent, issuing agent, depositary or exchange
     agent for cash, securities or other property (other than Registered
     Investment Company securities), acting as fiscal agent under public bond
     resolutions, acting as an escrow agent, transfer agent or collateral
     agent for public and private corporations, partnerships (but not
     Registered Investment Companies) and municipalities and acting as bond
     immobilization agent.
 
          "Customer Agreements" shall mean any contracts, agreements, trusts,
     indentures, arrangements and other understandings between USTNY and any
     Customer, including any indirect arrangement under which an Affiliate of
     USTNY has appointed USTNY to act as subcustodian, sub-agent or in a
     similar capacity, pursuant to which the Processing Business renders
     Processing Services to such Customers.
 
          "Customers" shall mean the customers and clients (other than
     Excluded Customers) of the Processing Business in their capacity as such.
     Without limiting the foregoing, the term "Customers" includes, in the
     case of the UIT Business, Unit Trusts and sponsors of Unit Trusts; in the
     case of the MFS Business, Investment Companies and Investment Company
     sponsors and managers; and in the case of the IAS Business, insurance
     companies, banks, limited partnerships, endowments, foundations and
     pension, retirement and benefit plans. Notwithstanding anything to the
     contrary contained in this Agreement, except to the extent specified on
     Schedule 1.1C, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company
     shall be deemed to be a Customer. Each person who has an indirect
     customer or client relationship with the Processing Business through an
     Affiliate of USTNY that has appointed USTNY to act as subcustodian,
     sub-agent or in a similar capacity, shall be deemed a Customer for
     purposes hereof and are identified on Schedule 1.1C.
 
          "Data Processing License" shall mean a lease or licensing agreement,
     and any related support agreements, under which USTNY is the lessee of or
     has a license to use systems or application software, which is used to
     support, or is reasonably necessary to the conduct of, the UIT Business,
     the MFS Business or the IAS Business, other than (i) any such lease or
     licensing agreement that is a Computer Lease and (ii) the Asset
     Management System Agreements.
 
          "Delayed Asset" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 2.6(a).
 
          "Delayed Liability" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 2.6(a).
 
          "Deposit" shall mean a deposit, as defined in 12 U.S.C. 1813(1),
     including all uncollected items included in a depositor's balance and
     credited on the books of USTNY.
 
          "Distribution Agreement" shall mean the Agreement and Plan of
     Distribution, substantially in the form of Exhibit I to the Merger
     Agreement, to be entered into among the Company, USTNY, New Holdings and
     New Trustco, pursuant to which, among other things, the Spin-Offs will be
     effected.
 
          "Documents" shall mean this Agreement, the Assumption Agreement, the
     Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the Post Closing Covenants
     Agreement, the Tax Allocation Agreement, the Services Agreement, the
     Forty-Seventh Street Lease Assignment, the Broadway Sublease and the
     License Agreement.
 
          "Eligible Investments" shall mean direct obligations of the United
     States of America having at the Closing Date a remaining term to maturity
     not in excess of one year.
 
          "Estimated Balance Sheets" shall mean the Estimated Processing
     Balance Sheet, the Estimated MFSC Balance Sheet and the Estimated UST-WY
     Balance Sheet.
 
          "Estimated MFSC Balance Sheet" shall mean a balance sheet prepared
     by USTNY with respect to the assets and liabilities of MFSC as of the
     close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, but
     giving effect to the transfers of assets of MFSC to New Holdings
     contemplated by Section 4.2
 
                                      C-4
<PAGE>
 
     of the Distribution Agreement. The Estimated MFSC Balance Sheet shall be
     in the form of Exhibit B and shall be prepared in accordance with the
     Accounting Principles on the same basis as MFSC's audited balance sheet
     for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 and in accordance with the
     provisions of Section 2.7.
 
          "Estimated UST-WY Balance Sheet" shall mean a balance sheet prepared
     by USTNY with respect to the assets and liabilities of UST-WY as of the
     close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, but
     giving effect to the transfers of assets of UST-WY to New Holdings
     contemplated by Section 4.2 of the Distribution Agreement. The Estimated
     UST-WY Balance Sheet shall be in the form of Exhibit B and shall be
     prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles on the same basis
     as UST-WY's balance sheet for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 and
     in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.7.
 
          "Estimated Processing Balance Sheet" shall mean an estimated balance
     sheet prepared by USTNY with respect to the Retained Assets and Retained
     Liabilities of USTNY (to the extent they would appear on a balance sheet
     prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles) as of the close of
     business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date. The Estimated
     Processing Balance Sheet shall be in the form of Exhibit B, and shall be
     prepared in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.7.
 
          "Excluded Customers" shall mean Lafayette College Endowment,
     Hallmark Cards and Florida Prepaid College Program.
 
          "Federal Funds Rate" shall mean, for any day, the weighted average
     of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the
     Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on
     the next succeeding Business Day by The Wall Street Journal, Eastern
     Edition or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a
     Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such
     transactions received by CMB from three Federal funds brokers of
     recognized standing selected by it.
 
          "Final Balance Sheets" shall mean the Final Processing Balance
     Sheet, the Final MFSC Balance Sheet and the Final UST-WY Balance Sheet.
 
          "Final MFSC Balance Sheet" shall mean a balance sheet prepared by
     USTNY with respect to the assets and liabilities of MFSC as of the close
     of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, but giving
     effect to the transfers of assets of MFSC to New Holdings contemplated by
     Section 4.2 of the Distribution Agreement. The Final MFSC Balance Sheet
     shall be in the form of Exhibit B and shall be prepared in accordance
     with the Accounting Principles on the same basis as MFSC's audited
     balance sheet for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 and in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 2.7.
 
          "Final Processing Balance Sheet" shall mean a balance sheet prepared
     by USTNY with respect to the Retained Assets and Retained Liabilities of
     USTNY (to the extent they would appear on a balance sheet prepared in
     accordance with the Accounting Principles) as of the close of business on
     the day immediately prior to the Closing Date. The Final Processing
     Balance Sheet shall be in the form of Exhibit B, and shall be prepared in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 2.7.
 
          "Final UST-WY Balance Sheet" shall mean a balance sheet prepared by
     USTNY with respect to the assets and liabilities of UST-WY as of the
     close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, but
     giving effect to the transfers of assets of UST-WY to New Holdings
     contemplated by Section 4.2 of the Distribution Agreement. The Final
     UST-WY Balance Sheet shall be in the form of Exhibit B and shall be
     prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles on the same basis
     as UST-WY's balance sheet for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 and
     in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.7.
 
          "Fixtures" shall mean all leasehold improvements, additions and
     alterations to leasehold premises as of the Closing Date.
 
                                      C-5
<PAGE>
 
          "Float Amount" shall mean the amount, as reflected on the Final
     Balance Sheets, of any check, draft, payment order or similar item
     originating from the Processing Business and payable by or drawn upon a
     Customer account at USTNY that has not, as of the close of business on
     the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, been paid by or charged
     against such account.
 
          "Forty-Seventh Street Lease" shall mean, collectively, the Lease
     dated as of September 10, 1987, between 46-47 Associates, as Lessor, and
     USTNY, as Lessee, relating to space at 114 West 47th Street, New York,
     New York; the Subordination Agreement dated as of September 10, 1987,
     between USTNY and 1133 Building Corp.; the Right of First Refusal dated
     as of September 10, 1987, between USTNY and 46-47 Associates; and the
     Agreement dated as of September 10, 1987, among USTNY, 46-47 Associates
     and 1155 Office Building Corp.; each agreement heretofore entered into by
     USTNY relating to or supplementing any of the foregoing; and each
     amendment, clarification and modification to or under any of the
     foregoing, all as set forth, or incorporated by reference in Exhibits
     10.5, 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
     the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993, filed with the SEC.
 
          "Forty-Seventh Street Lease Assignment" shall mean, collectively,
     the assignments to New Trustco of, and assumption by New Trustco of, all
     USTNY's rights, benefits, duties and obligations under the Forty-Seventh
     Street Lease. The Forty-Seventh Street Lease Assignment shall be in such
     form as may be agreed to by New Trustco, USTNY and other parties thereto
     and approved by CMC.
 
          "Furniture and Equipment" shall mean the furniture and equipment
     (other than equipment subject to a Computer Lease) owned or (to the
     extent of the lessee's interest) leased by USTNY as of the Closing Date
     that, in each case, is currently used in, or is reasonably necessary for,
     the conduct of the Processing Business and Related Back Office.
 
          "Governmental Entity" shall mean any Federal, state or local
     government or any court, administrative agency or commission or other
     governmental authority or agency or self-regulatory agency, domestic or
     foreign.
 
          "IAS Business" shall mean the institutional asset services business
     of USTNY and its Affiliates, as conducted by the Company's Institutional
     Asset Services Division, which includes master trust and custody
     services, zero-balance account services conducted for Customers
     (including Merrill Lynch and Nike), securities processing services,
     global custody services, on-line accounting and reporting, quantitative
     analysis, securities lending services, short term money management
     services related to custody services, investment manager services, rabbi
     trust services, benefit payment services and portfolio performance
     evaluation services, in each case, provided to corporate employee
     retirement, pension or benefit funds, 401(k) plans, public funds,
     endowments and foundations, limited liability companies, group trusts,
     insurance companies and financial institutions; provided, however, that
     the IAS Business does not include (i) USTNY's corporate, municipal and
     employee stock ownership plan trust and agency business, (ii) the
     business conducted by CTMC Holding Company, an Oregon corporation, and
     U.S. Trust of the Pacific Northwest, an Oregon corporation, in each case,
     as described on Schedule 1.1D hereto or (iii) the business conducted by
     the Special Fiduciary Division of U.S. Trust of California, as described
     on Schedule 1.1D hereto, or, in each case, any assets, liabilities,
     agreements or personnel thereof, or used exclusively therewith, and not
     of, or reasonably necessary to, the conduct of the Processing Business.
 
          "License Agreement" shall mean a Software License Agreement
     substantially in the form of Exhibit IV to the Merger Agreement.
 
          "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, assignment for
     security purposes or security interest.
 
          "Liquidation Value" shall mean with respect to any unit of any
     Eligible Investment on any Business Day, (i) the price at which such unit
     is sold on such Business Day or at the opening of the market on the next
     following Business Day or (ii) if such unit is not so sold, the average
     of the bid price for such unit on
 
                                      C-6
<PAGE>
 
     that Business Day obtained by CMB from three established dealers on the
     principal United States inter-dealer market in which such Eligible
     Investment is regularly traded.
 
          "Merger Agreement" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     the Recitals hereof.
 
          "MFS Business" shall mean the mutual funds services business of the
     Company and its subsidiaries (including MFSC), which includes providing
     domestic and global custody, transfer agency, fund accounting, funds
     administration, securities lending and related banking and cash
     management services to Registered Investment Companies.
 
          "MFSC" shall mean Mutual Funds Service Company, a Delaware
     corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
 
          "MFSC Equity Amount" shall mean the amount of MFSC's net worth as
     shown as a liability on the Estimated MFSC Balance Sheet and the Final
     MFSC Balance Sheet, which shall be equal to the excess of (x) the
     aggregate assets reflected on such balance sheet over (y) the aggregate
     liabilities reflected on such balance sheet.
 
          "New Holdings" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
     Recitals hereof.
 
          "New Holdings Common Stock" shall have the meaning assigned to such
     term in the Recitals hereof.
 
          "New Holdings Spin-Off" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in the Recitals hereof.
 
          "New Trustco" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
     introduction hereof.
 
          "New Trustco Common Stock" shall have the meaning assigned to such
     term in the Recitals hereof.
 
          "New Trustco Documents" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in Section 4.2(b).
 
          "New Trustco Spin-Off" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in the Recitals hereof.
 
          "Person" shall mean any natural person, corporation, partnership,
     business trust, joint venture, association, company or government, or any
     agency or political subdivision thereof.
 
          "Post Closing Covenants Agreement" shall mean an agreement among
     CMC, CMB, the Company, USTNY, New Holdings and New Trustco in the form of
     Exhibit VI to the Merger Agreement, relating to certain post-closing
     obligations of the parties thereto.
 
          "Post-Retirement Benefit Adjustment Amount" shall mean $1,750,000.
 
          "Private Banking Business" shall mean the private banking business
     of USTNY and its Affiliates which consists of the provision of a full
     range of commercial banking and fiduciary services to individuals,
     families, family offices, partnerships and other entities. Services and
     products provided by the Private Banking Business include checking
     accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, secured and
     unsecured loans, mortgage loans, lines of credit, letters of credit,
     custody and securities administration services, secured broker loans and
     cash management services offered to securities industry participants and
     financial institutions (other than Customers).
 
          "Processing Business" shall mean the UIT Business, the MFS Business
     and the IAS Business, collectively.
 
          "Processing Business Abandoned Property" shall mean Abandoned
     Property relating to Termination Account Liabilities and to other claims
     arising from accounts of Customers.
 
          "Processing Services" shall mean those services which, as of the
     date hereof, are being regularly and customarily provided to Customers by
     the UIT Business, the MFS Business and the IAS Business.
 
          "Put Adjustment Amount" shall mean $250,000.
 
          "Real Property Transfer Tax Amount" shall mean the product of (i)
     the aggregate amount of New York City real property transfer and real
     property transfer gains taxes payable by USTNY in connection
 
                                      C-7
<PAGE>
 
     with the transfer to New Trustco of the Forty-Seventh Street Lease and
     other leasehold interests as part of the Contribution and in connection
     with USTNY's entry into the Broadway Sublease and (ii) 0.585.
 
          "Registered Investment Company" shall mean an "investment company",
     as such term is defined in Section 3 of the Investment Company Act of
     1940, as amended, which is registered as an investment company with the
     SEC in accordance with Section 8 of such Act.
 
          "Related Back Office" shall mean USTNY's Computer Services Division
     and Securities Services and Trust Operations Division, including the
     computer equipment, laser printers, bar coding and mailing machines,
     other furniture, fixtures and equipment, inventory and supplies and other
     property and assets thereof (but not stationery or other forms or blanks
     reflecting USTNY's or any similar name), but not including any furniture,
     fixtures, equipment or facilities solely related to providing Bank
     Processing Services.
 
          "Related Schedules" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 2.7(b).
 
          "Required Consent" shall mean, with respect to any agreement, lease
     or contract, any consent, waiver or agreement of any party thereto (other
     than USTNY) or of any other person that is legally required in order to
     effect the assignment and transfer thereof to New Trustco, the assumption
     thereof by New Trustco, and the release therefrom of USTNY, as
     contemplated hereby. For purposes hereof, a Required Consent may be
     obtained pursuant to a waiver of consent and release and shall also be
     deemed to have been obtained if a person party to such agreement, lease
     or contract agrees to enter into (or enters into) an agreement with New
     Trustco or an Affiliate of New Trustco (a "Substitute Agreement"), which
     supersedes, and releases USTNY from, and serves a substantially similar
     function as, such agreement, lease or contract.
 
          "Retained Assets" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 2.2(b).
 
          "Retained Bank Plan Amount" shall mean the sum of the aggregate
     amounts, determined as of the close of business on the day immediately
     prior to the Closing Date, of the cash payments (i) required to be made
     as of or after the Effective Time under the 1986 Stock Option Plan, plus
     (ii) required to pay employer payroll taxes, including the employer's
     share of FICA and FUTA, due with respect to the payments described in
     clause (i) above.
 
          "Retained Employees" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 5.8(a) of the Merger Agreement.
 
          "Retained Liabilities" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in Section 2.3(b).
 
          "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
          "September Balance Sheets" shall mean the balance sheets of (i) the
     Processing Business and the Related Back Office, (ii) MFSC and (iii)
     UST-WY, in each case at September 30, 1994, as set forth on Schedule 1.1E
     hereto.
 
          "Services Agreement" shall mean an agreement or agreements between
     USTNY and New Trustco to be entered into substantially on the terms set
     forth in the Services Agreement Term Sheet dated the date of the Merger
     Agreement and signed for identification purposes on behalf of the Company
     and CMC.
 
          "Spin-Offs" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
     Recitals hereof.
 
          "Statement Assets" shall mean all the assets of the Processing
     Business and the Related Back Office reflected on the Final Processing
     Balance Sheet, including the Eligible Investments and funds to be
     retained by USTNY on the Closing Date.
 
          "Statement Liabilities" shall mean all the Deposits and other
     Retained Liabilities which are reflected on the Final Processing Balance
     Sheet.
 
                                      C-8
<PAGE>
 
          "Substitute Agreement" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
     in the definition of the term Required Consent.
 
          "Tax Allocation Agreement" shall mean the Tax Allocation Agreement,
     substantially in the form of Exhibit V to the Merger Agreement, to be
     entered into among the Company, USTNY, New Holdings and CMC.
 
          "Taxes" shall mean all federal, state, local and foreign income,
     property, sales, excise and other taxes, tariffs or governmental charges
     (and all penalties and interest relating thereto) imposed by a
     governmental authority pursuant to the exercise of its power to tax.
 
          "Termination Account Liabilities" shall mean (i) Deposit liabilities
     of the Processing Business in respect of units of Unit Trusts which have
     been redeemed and which are payable upon surrender of the certificates
     evidencing such units and (ii) similar Deposit liabilities attributable
     to the UIT Business and reflected in the "termination account" on the
     books and records of the Processing Business.
 
          "Transferred Processing Receivables" shall mean all receivables of
     the Processing Business including receivables relating to advances,
     claims of payments, extensions of credit, overdrafts and amounts paid on
     Customer accounts of paying agents, brokers, depositories or other third
     parties outstanding as of the close of business on the day immediately
     prior to the Closing Date that, at such time, (i) are subject to any
     dispute with the Customer that is the account debtor in respect of such
     receivable, (ii) contravene in any material respect any laws, rules or
     regulations applicable thereto or (iii) have been assigned to a
     collection agency or are more than 120 days past the date of advance or
     the date payable.
 
          "Transition Bonus Amount" shall mean an amount equal to the product
     of (x) the Company's Share of the Program Cost, multiplied by (y) a
     fraction equal to 0.68875. For purposes of the foregoing, the "Company's
     Share of the Program Cost" shall mean an amount equal to the sum of the
     products, determined separately for each employee who is a Retained
     Employee at the Effective Time, of (i) the amount of the Transition Bonus
     specified in Schedule 5.8(e) of the Merger Agreement for such employee,
     multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
     days in the period commencing on the date following the date of the
     Merger Agreement and ending on the Closing Date, and the denominator of
     which is the number of days in the period commencing on the date
     following the date of the Merger Agreement and ending on the last day of
     the period of such employee's Required Service, as specified in Schedule
     5.8(e) of the Merger Agreement.
 
          "UIT Business" shall mean the unit investment trust business of
     USTNY and its Affiliates, which includes acting as a trustee for Unit
     Trusts, maintaining custody of securities and investments for Unit
     Trusts, collecting and distributing to unit holders interest, dividend
     and principal payments with respect to such securities and investments,
     processing unit redemptions and transfers, providing reporting services
     and annual reports for Unit Trusts and providing transfer agency and
     customer service for certain closed-end bond funds of John Nuveen & Co.,
     Incorporated ("Nuveen").
 
          "Uncollected Items" shall mean any check, draft, payment order, wire
     transfer advice, security transfer advice, provisional credit or advance,
     or similar item that has been delivered to, or received in respect of the
     Processing Business and Related Back Office as a Deposit on or before the
     close of business on the day preceding the Closing Date but which at such
     time is in the process of collection or has not yet settled.
 
          "Unit Trust" shall mean a "unit investment trust" as such term is
     defined in Section 4 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
          "USTNY" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
     introduction hereof.
 
          "USTNY Documents" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 4.2(a).
 
          "UST-WY" shall mean U.S. Trust Co. of Wyoming, a Wyoming corporation
     and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
 
                                      C-9
<PAGE>
 
          "UST-WY Equity Amount" shall mean the amount of UST-WY's net worth
     as shown as a liability on the Estimated UST-WY Balance Sheet and the
     Final UST-WY Balance Sheet, which shall be equal to the excess of (x) the
     aggregate assets reflected on such balance sheet over (y) the aggregate
     liabilities reflected on such balance sheet.
 
          "1986 Stock Option Plan" shall mean the United States Trust Company
     of New York and Affiliated Companies 1986 Stock Option Plan.
 
          As used herein, the phrase "close of business on the day immediately
     prior to the Closing Date" and similar references shall mean 11:59 p.m.
     on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date.
 
                                  ARTICLE II
 
             Contribution of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities
 
     SECTION 2.1.  Contribution.  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement, USTNY hereby assigns, transfers, conveys and contributes to
New Trustco, effective as of the Closing, and New Trustco hereby acquires,
effective as of the Closing, all of USTNY's right, title and interest in, to
and under the Acquired Assets.
 
     SECTION 2.2.  Acquired Assets and Retained Assets.  (a) The term
"Acquired Assets" means all the business, properties, assets, goodwill and
rights of USTNY of whatever kind and nature, real or personal, tangible or
intangible, other than the Retained Assets, owned by USTNY on the Closing
Date, including the following:
 
          (i) all assets used or held for use primarily in the Acquired
     Business of USTNY;
 
          (ii) all contracts, agreements, mortgages, indentures, escrows,
     trusts and understandings entered into by USTNY with customers or clients
     of the Acquired Business relating to such businesses and all rights,
     claims and benefits in connection therewith, including the right to
     possession of custodial or trust assets subject thereto;
 
          (iii) all mortgages, loans, overdrafts, lines of credit, rights in
     respect of letters of credit and similar assets of the Acquired Business
     and all rights in respect of collateral or security (except rights in
     collateral to the extent that such rights secure any Retained Assets) for
     any of the foregoing;
 
          (iv) all accrued fees, accrued interest or discount, and all
     accounts receivable (including all Transferred Processing Receivables),
     other than those of the Processing Business and the Related Back Office
     reflected on the Final Processing Balance Sheet;
 
          (v) each of the branch offices of USTNY, as set forth on Schedule
     2.2(a)(v);
 
          (vi) all real property owned by USTNY and all rights in, to and
     under the Forty-Seventh Street Lease, the leasehold estate under the
     Broadway Sublease, and the leases listed on Schedule 2.2(a)(vi), and
     ownership of, and all rights to, all Fixtures in leasehold premises
     subject to such leases or sublease;
 
          (vii) all monies, cash on hand, funds available for investment,
     investments, securities, securities purchase agreements, swap agreements,
     forward rate agreements, and derivative agreements of, or held for the
     account of, USTNY, other than Eligible Investments or funds reflected on
     the Final Processing Balance Sheet and retained by USTNY pursuant to
     Section 2.7(b);
 
          (viii) all trademarks, trademark registrations, service marks and
     trade names which contain the words "United States Trust" or "U.S. Trust"
     and all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
     registrations, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, or licenses with
     respect thereto (except for the patents, patent applications and
     copyrights relating to the USTNY proprietary software referred to in
     Section 2.2(b)(vii)), used or held for use solely or predominantly for
     the Acquired Business;
 
          (ix) all rights associated with the Acquired Third-party Service
     Agreements;
 
                                     C-10
<PAGE>
 
          (x) certain performance measurement service agreements listed on
     Schedule 3.1(q) to the Merger Agreement;
 
          (xi) USTNY's right, title and interest in all lease and licensing
     agreements, and related support agreements, with third parties for the
     use of systems and applications software, and all copies of the software
     (source code and object code), manuals and related documentation covered
     by such lease or license agreements, which are in USTNY's possession as
     of the Closing Date (excluding Data Processing Licenses and Computer
     Leases);
 
          (xii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.2(a)(xi)
     and Section 2.2(b)(vi), USTNY's right, title and interest in all lease
     and licensing agreements, and related support agreements, with third
     parties for the use of third party PC software installed on servers,
     workstations and personal computers which are part of the Acquired
     Assets, and all copies of the software (source code and object code),
     manuals and related documentation covered by such lease or license
     agreements which are in USTNY's possession as of the Closing Date;
 
          (xiii) USTNY's right, title and interest in the Asset Management
     System Agreements and all copies of the Asset Management System in
     USTNY's possession as of the Closing Date;
 
          (xiv) all equity or debt investments held for the account of USTNY
     in any corporation, joint venture, partnership, trust or other business
     association, including the capital stock and other ownership interests
     set forth in Schedule 2.2(a)(xv) and all intercompany advances owed to
     USTNY by Affiliates of USTNY (other than MFSC);
 
          (xv) all rights of USTNY as adviser, trustee and sponsor in respect
     of any mutual fund, common trust fund or collective investment fund
     sponsored, managed, advised or maintained by USTNY, including USTNY's
     Short Term Investment Fund and the UST Master Money and Government Funds;
 
          (xvi) all records prepared in connection with the Merger
     contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the sale of the Processing
     Business and Related Back Office, including bids received from other
     persons and analyses relating to the Processing Business and Related Back
     Office, and all books of account, general, financial, accounting and
     personnel records, files, invoices and similar data owned by USTNY
     relating to the Acquired Business on the Closing Date;
 
          (xvii) all rights relating to the Assumed Liabilities;
 
          (xviii) all rights relating to Abandoned Property (except Processing
     Business Abandoned Property);
 
          (xix) all financial institution bonds, banker's blanket bonds,
     policies of insurance or similar agreements, and all proceeds and rights
     in respect thereof;
 
          (xx) any special or general reserves or reserves maintained on
     deposit with the Federal Reserve System;
 
          (xxi) all recoveries on the charged-off portions of loans and
     receivables, including those of the Processing Business;
 
          (xxii) all collateral posted to secure clearing and other contingent
     obligations with any clearing or similar organization, including the
     Depository Trust Company of New York;
 
          (xxiii) all fees or accounts receivable of the Processing Business
     and the Related Back Office which have been paid on or before the close
     of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, regardless
     of whether still in the process of collection and all claims in respect
     of items received in payment of such fees or accounts receivable; and
 
          (xxiv) all assets identified on Schedule 2.2(a)(xxiv).
 
     (b) The term "Retained Assets" means, subject to the provisions of
Section 2.6, all the business, properties, assets, goodwill and rights of
USTNY of whatever kind and nature, real or personal, tangible or
 
                                     C-11
<PAGE>
 
intangible, that are primarily used, or that are held for use in, or are
reasonably necessary for the conduct by USTNY of, the Processing Business and
the Related Back Office on the Closing Date, including the following (but
excluding the Acquired Assets specifically identified in Section 2.2(a)):
 
          (i) all Customer Agreements and all rights and claims in connection
     therewith, including the right to possession of custodial or trust assets
     subject to Customer Agreements;
 
          (ii) all accounts receivable and all accrued and unpaid fees under
     Customer Agreements owed to USTNY on the Closing Date and arising out of
     the operations of or services performed by the Processing Business, but
     not the Transferred Processing Receivables;
 
          (iii) all contracts and agreements, commitments and all other
     arrangements that are legally binding on the other parties thereto,
     whether oral or written ("Contracts") (other than the Asset Management
     System Agreements, Customer Agreements, Data Processing Licenses and
     Computer Leases), to which USTNY is a party or by which USTNY is bound,
     that are referenced in Section 3.1(l) of the Merger Agreement and all
     other Contracts that relate to the Processing Business or the Related
     Back Office which are not required to be scheduled pursuant to Section
     3.1(l) of the Merger Agreement;
 
          (iv) the Broadway Lease and the Fixtures located in the premises
     covered by the Broadway Lease other than Fixtures located in the premises
     on the 8th Floor and a portion of the 9th Floor (excluding the cafeteria)
     covered by the Broadway Sublease;
 
          (v) the Broadway Lease Put;
 
          (vi) the Furniture and Equipment, the Computer Leases and the Data
     Processing Licenses;
 
          (vii) all USTNY proprietary systems and application software
     (including all source and object codes, manuals and related
     documentation) or licenses or rights of use with respect thereto;
 
          (viii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section
     2.2(a)(xi) and Section 2.2(b)(vii), USTNY's right, title and interest in
     all lease and license agreements with third parties for the use of third
     party PC software installed on servers, workstations and personal
     computers which are part of the Retained Assets, and all copies of the
     software (source code and object code), manuals and related documentation
     covered by such lease or license agreements which are in USTNY's
     possession as of the Closing Date;
 
          (ix) any and all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
     registrations, service marks, tradenames, copyrights, or licenses with
     respect thereto used or held for use solely or predominantly for the
     Processing Business or the Related Back Office, except for any
     trademarks, trademark registrations, service marks and tradenames which
     contain the words "United States Trust" or "U.S. Trust";
 
          (x) all overdrafts, loans or other extensions of credit made by the
     Processing Business to Customers and outstanding on the Closing Date,
     including loans and advances made by USTNY to Customers in order to
     permit the payment of dividends, principal, interest or other amounts
     payable in respect of securities held in custody prior to the actual
     receipt of payments from the issuers of or other obligors on such
     securities ("Anticipation Advances"), but excluding Transferred
     Processing Receivables;
 
          (xi) all inventory and supplies owned by USTNY on the Closing Date
     that are used or held for use by the Processing Business and the Related
     Back Office, but not inventory or supplies with respect to which the name
     "U.S. Trust" or a related name is an integral part;
 
          (xii) all Uncollected Items;
 
          (xiii) all Customer files and records;
 
          (xiv) all books of account, general, financial, accounting and
     personnel records, files, invoices, and other similar data owned by USTNY
     on the Closing Date maintained at the offices of, or used by, the
     personnel of the Processing Business and the Related Back Office, or used
     or held for use by the Processing Business and the Related Back Office;
 
                                     C-12
<PAGE>
 
          (xv) all rights relating to Retained Liabilities;
 
          (xvi) the portion of FDIC assessments prepaid by USTNY and allocable
     to Deposits associated with the Processing Business;
 
          (xvii) all rights of USTNY under this Agreement and the agreements,
     instruments and certificates delivered in connection with this Agreement;
 
          (xviii) the Related Back Office; and
 
          (xix) to the extent not included in clauses (i) through (xviii)
     above, the Statement Assets, including the Eligible Investments and funds
     retained by USTNY pursuant to Section 2.7.
 
     (c) The transfer of the Acquired Assets hereunder is made without
recourse to USTNY. No representation is made by USTNY to New Trustco
concerning the collectibility, quality, enforceability or fitness of any
Acquired Assets.
 
     (d) USTNY acknowledges that certain Customer Agreements of the IAS
Business for Cash Management Services (as defined in the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement) relating to collective investment vehicles that will be
maintained or advised by New Trustco are part of the Retained Assets. In each
such instance, each of USTNY and New Trustco shall use its best efforts to
have the relevant Customers of the IAS Business enter into agreements with
USTNY in order to transfer the money management relationship of such Customers
to USTNY.
 
     SECTION 2.3.  Assumption of Certain Liabilities.  (a) Upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of this Agreement, New Trustco hereby assumes,
subject to Section 2.6, effective as of the Closing, and agrees to pay,
perform and discharge when due and indemnify USTNY and hold USTNY harmless
from and against the Assumed Liabilities. The term "Assumed Liabilities" shall
mean all liabilities of USTNY existing on the Closing Date, whether current or
long-term, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, known or unknown,
liquidated or unliquidated, due or to become due, including the following
liabilities, other than Retained Liabilities:
 
          (i) all liabilities and obligations of USTNY, whether matured or
     unmatured, fixed or contingent, relating to or arising out of the
     Acquired Business, including all Deposits of such businesses and all
     liabilities, duties and obligations in respect of indentures, contracts,
     leases or other agreements with customers or clients of, or other persons
     dealing with, such businesses;
 
          (ii) all claims, liabilities or litigation arising out of any event,
     occurrence, action or omission taken or occurring prior to the Closing
     Date by or with respect to USTNY, its officers, directors, Board of
     Trustees, employees, agents or representatives;
 
          (iii) all obligations in respect of the Capital Notes;
 
          (iv) any obligation or liability which is attributable to any of the
     Acquired Assets or any expense arising from the ownership by New Trustco
     of the Acquired Assets;
 
          (v) all liabilities and obligations under each Benefit Plan (as
     defined in the Merger Agreement) that is transferred to New Trustco
     pursuant to Section 2.4;
 
          (vi) any liability in respect of Abandoned Property other than
     Processing Business Abandoned Property;
 
          (vii) all fees and expenses of USTNY and its subsidiaries incurred
     on or before the Contribution in connection with the Merger; and
 
          (viii) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Customer
     Agreements and Contracts relating to the Processing Business and the
     Related Back Office that are to be performed or discharged prior to the
     Closing Date.
 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Assumed
Liabilities shall not include any liability for Taxes, except as provided in
the Tax Allocation Agreement.
 
                                     C-13
<PAGE>
 
     (b) At all times at and after the Closing, USTNY will, subject to Section
2.6, retain and be solely responsible for, and USTNY hereby agrees to pay,
perform and, discharge when due, and indemnify New Trustco and hold New
Trustco harmless from and against, the Retained Liabilities. The term
"Retained Liabilities" shall mean the following liabilities:
 
          (i) all Deposits arising from the Processing Business, including
     Termination Account Liabilities and other Deposit liabilities relating to
     Processing Business Abandoned Property and Deposits relating to
     Uncollected Items, but only to the extent reflected on the Final
     Processing Balance Sheet;
 
          (ii) all liabilities to trade creditors and accounts payable of the
     Processing Business and the Related Back Office, but only to the extent
     fully liquidated and reflected on the Final Processing Balance Sheet;
 
          (iii) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Customer
     Agreements relating to the Processing Business, but not any liability for
     defaults or damages arising before the Closing Date;
 
          (iv) all duties, obligations and liabilities under Contracts
     relating to the Processing Business and the Related Back Office, but not
     any liability for defaults or damages arising before the Closing Date;
 
          (v) (A) all liabilities and obligations for amounts required to be
     paid as of or after the Effective Time under the terms of the 1986 Stock
     Option Plan and employer payroll taxes due with respect to such amounts,
     but not in excess of the Retained Bank Plan Amount, and (B) all
     liabilities and obligations for amounts payable under the Transition
     Bonus Program (as defined in the Merger Agreement) maintained by USTNY;
 
          (vi) all obligations and duties as lessee under the Broadway Lease,
     but not any liability for defaults or damages arising before the Closing
     Date;
 
          (vii) escheatment obligations relating to Processing Business
     Abandoned Property; and
 
          (viii) to the extent not included in (i) through (vii) above, the
     Statement Liabilities.
 
     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Retained
Liabilities shall not include any liability for Taxes, except as provided in
the Tax Allocation Agreement.
 
     SECTION 2.4.  Benefit Plans; Employee Matters.  (a) Effective as of the
Closing, USTNY shall transfer each Benefit Plan (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) maintained by it, other than any Retained Plan and the Transition
Bonus Program (each as defined in the Merger Agreement), to New Trustco, and
New Trustco shall assume and become solely responsible for all liabilities and
obligations of USTNY and its Subsidiaries under each of the Benefit Plans so
transferred. Effective as of the Closing, each person who immediately prior to
the Closing is an employee of USTNY or any of its Affiliates and who will not
be a Retained Employee as of the Effective Time shall become an employee of
New Trustco or of any Affiliate of New Trustco designated by it.
 
     (b) Notwithstanding the definition of "Retained Bank Plan Amount"
contained in Section 1.1, it is understood that (i) the cash payments required
to be made as of or after the Effective Time under the 1986 Stock Option Plan
are payments with respect only to stock options granted under such plan (other
than any incentive stock options granted under such plan prior to October 27,
1987) and (ii) such cash payments will be determined in accordance with the
provisions of such plan on the basis of a "Change in Control" being deemed to
have occurred thereunder with respect to such stock options (other than any
incentive stock options granted under such plan prior to October 27, 1987) as
a result of the Merger.
 
     SECTION 2.5.  Capital Notes.  Prior to the Closing, USTNY shall (i) have
all obligations of USTNY in respect of the Capital Notes transferred to and
assumed by New Trustco and USTNY irrevocably released and discharged
therefrom, effective as of the Closing Date, in accordance with the terms of
the indenture governing the Capital Notes or (ii) give an effective notice
under such indenture to redeem all the outstanding Capital Notes in accordance
with the terms of such indenture and irrevocably deposit with the trustee
under such indenture funds sufficient to pay all amounts of principal, premium
and accrued interest on the Capital Notes at the stated redemption date
thereunder.
 
                                     C-14
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 2.6.  Delayed Assets and Liabilities.  (a) To the extent that any
Required Consent with respect to a contract, agreement, lease or other
instrument included in the Acquired Assets has not been obtained on or prior
to the Closing Date, such contract, agreement, lease or instrument (a "Delayed
Asset") shall not be transferred as an Acquired Asset hereunder, and any
related liability (a "Delayed Liability") shall not be assumed by New Trustco
as an Assumed Liability hereunder, unless and until such Required Consent has
been obtained. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such a Required Consent to
transfer is not obtained, USTNY will reasonably cooperate with New Trustco to
attempt to provide to New Trustco the benefits under or of any such Delayed
Asset; provided, however, that New Trustco shall assume, pay and perform (and
indemnify and hold USTNY harmless from and against) all obligations and
liabilities relating to such Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability and shall
promptly reimburse USTNY for all of its actual costs and expenses (including
attorneys' fees and employee salaries and allocable benefits, but not
overhead) in connection with any such arrangement.
 
     (b) At such time and on each occasion after the Closing Date that a
Required Consent shall be obtained with respect to a Delayed Asset, such
Delayed Asset shall forthwith be transferred and assigned to New Trustco
hereunder, and all related Delayed Liabilities shall be simultaneously assumed
by New Trustco hereunder, whereupon (i) such Delayed Asset shall constitute an
Acquired Asset for all purposes hereunder and (ii) such Delayed Liabilities
shall constitute Assumed Liabilities for all purposes hereunder.
 
     SECTION 2.7.  Estimated and Final Balance Sheets; Eligible Investment
Retention.  (a) USTNY shall prepare the Estimated Balance Sheets prior to the
Closing. The Estimated Balance Sheets and Final Balance Sheets shall be
prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles in substantially the
same format as the September Balance Sheets, and shall set forth, as of the
close of business on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, the
assets and liabilities of (i) the Processing Business conducted by USTNY and
the Related Back Office, the Processing Business conducted by MFSC and the
business conducted by UST-WY, in each case, recorded at their Book Values;
provided, however, that the such balance sheets (i) shall reflect Anticipation
Advances and Uncollected Items but shall not include any Transferred
Processing Receivables, (ii) shall not reflect any amounts in respect of the
Computer Lease Adjustment Amount (or the loss on termination of Computer
Leases relating thereto), the Put Adjustment Amount, the Retained Bank Plans
Amount, the Real Property Transfer Tax Amount, the Transition Bonus Amount,
the Post-Retirement Benefit Adjustment Amount or any liabilities in respect of
Taxes on income, (iii) shall not reflect the leasehold space (or leasehold
improvements in such space) on the 8th Floor and a portion of the 9th Floor
covered by the Broadway Sublease and (iv) shall reflect all Eligible
Investments to be retained by USTNY pursuant to Section 2.7(b) at their
Liquidation Values. The Estimated Balance Sheets and the Final Balance Sheets
described in paragraph (b) below may reflect reasonable estimates of any items
the exact amounts of which are not then known to or reasonably ascertainable
to the extent reasonably agreed to by New Trustco and CMC; provided, however,
that notes to the Estimated Balance Sheets or the Final Balance Sheets, as the
case may be, shall set forth in detail the basis for such estimates.
 
     (b) Not fewer than three Business Days before the Closing, USTNY shall
provide New Trustco and CMC with the Estimated Balance Sheets and drafts of
schedules ("Related Schedules") setting forth (i) a listing by series or issue
of the face amount of Eligible Securities, (ii) the Fixtures, Furniture and
Equipment, (iii) the equipment subject to Computer Leases and (iv) all
reasonably necessary detail concerning the components of the Adjustment
Amount. At the Closing, USTNY shall provide New Trustco and CMC with the Final
Balance Sheets and the Related Schedules in the same forms as the Estimated
Balance Sheets and estimated Related Schedules and shall transfer to New
Trustco all funds, securities, investments, loans and other financial assets
owned or held by or for the account of USTNY, other than (i) the funds and
Eligible Investments identified by USTNY on the schedule prepared by USTNY
pursuant to this paragraph (b) and (ii) such overdrafts or loans as are
reflected on the Final Processing Balance Sheet as Statement Assets. Any such
transfer of funds to New Trustco by USTNY shall be made pursuant to a wire
transfer of immediately available funds.
 
     (c) The amount of retained funds plus the aggregate Liquidation Value of
retained Eligible Assets shall equal the Adjustment Amount.
 
                                     C-15
<PAGE>
 
     (d) The parties recognize that the Statement Assets and Statement
Liabilities reflected on the Final Processing Balance Sheet and the amounts of
assets and liabilities reflected on the Final MFSC Balance Sheet and the Final
UST-WY Balance Sheet may not be entirely accurate. As soon as practicable and
in any event within five Business Days after the Closing Date, New Trustco
shall cause to be prepared (in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement) and provide to USTNY updated Final Balance Sheets and Related
Schedules which shall correct the amounts of any estimates utilized in
preparing the Final Balance Sheets and correct any bookkeeping errors or
omissions discovered after the Closing that affected the Final Balance Sheets
or the Related Schedules (such updated balance sheets and schedules being
deemed upon delivery to be the Final Balance Sheets and Related Schedules).
USTNY and its accountants shall have the right to discuss the preparation of
the Final Balance Sheets and Related Schedules with New Trustco and its
accountants and shall be allowed access to the work papers used in such
preparation. USTNY or New Trustco, as the case may be, shall (except to the
extent such party institutes a dispute pursuant to Section 8.9), not later
than the 50th day after the Closing Date, pay to the other party in
immediately available funds an amount equal to the net adjustment, if any,
required to be made to the amount of retained funds and Liquidation Value
(determined as of the Closing Date in accordance with the definition of such
term) of retained Eligible Investments on the basis of such Final Balance
Sheets (with such changes therein as USTNY and New Trustco may mutually agree
in writing prior to such 50th day), plus interest on such amount for each day
during the period from the Closing Date to the date of payment at a rate per
annum (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year) equal to the Federal Funds
Rate in effect on such day.
 
                                 ARTICLE III
 
                                 The Closing
 
     SECTION 3.1.  Closing Date.  The Closing of the sale and transfer of the
Acquired Assets and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities shall take place at
the offices of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York
10019, at 10:00 a.m. on the same date as the closing is to occur under the
Merger Agreement.
 
     SECTION 3.2.  Transactions To Be Effected at the Closing.  At the
Closing:
 
          (a) USTNY shall (x) deliver to New Trustco (i) such appropriately
     executed bills of sale, assignments and other instruments of transfer and
     conveyance as may be reasonably required effectively to convey the
     Acquired Assets to New Trustco in accordance with the provisions of
     Article II and (ii) such other documents as may be necessary or
     appropriate (A) to demonstrate satisfaction of the conditions and
     compliance with the agreements set forth in this Agreement and (B) for
     the purposes of more effectively consummating the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement, (y) transfer to New Trustco (by wire
     transfer of immediately available funds or in such manner as is customary
     in the case of securities and investments) the funds, securities and
     investments of USTNY other than the funds and Eligible Investments
     specified in the schedule prepared by USTNY pursuant to Section 2.7(b)
     plus, in the event any Eligible Investments are so specified, immediately
     available funds in an amount equal to one day's interest, calculated at
     the Federal Funds Rate in effect on the day prior to the Closing Date, on
     the Liquidation Value of such Eligible Investments reflected in the Final
     Processing Balance Sheet and (z) deliver to New Trustco (A) an
     appropriately executed Post Closing Covenants Agreement, (B) an
     appropriately executed Broadway Sublease, (C) an appropriately executed
     Services Agreement and (D) an appropriately executed License Agreement.
 
          (b) New Trustco shall deliver to USTNY (i) an appropriately executed
     Assumption Agreement, together with one or more other instruments of
     assumption as may be reasonably required to effect the assumption of the
     Assumed Liabilities in accordance with Article II, (ii) such other
     documents as may be necessary or appropriate (A) to demonstrate
     satisfaction of the conditions and compliance with the agreements set
     forth in this Agreement and (B) for the purpose of more effectively
     consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) an
     appropriately executed Post Closing Covenants Agreement, (iv) an
     appropriately executed Broadway Sublease, (v) an appropriately executed
     Services Agreement and (vi) an appropriately executed License Agreement.
 
                                     C-16
<PAGE>
 
                                  ARTICLE IV
 
                        Representations and Warranties
 
     SECTION 4.1.  Representations and Warranties of USTNY.  USTNY hereby
represents and warrants to New Trustco as follows:
 
          (a) Organization, Standing and Power.  USTNY is a trust company with
     banking powers duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
     under the banking laws of the State of New York and has all requisite
     corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
     and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
 
          (b) Authority.  USTNY has all requisite power and authority to
     execute this Agreement and the other Documents to which it is or will be
     party (collectively, the "USTNY Documents") and to consummate the
     transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery
     of this Agreement and the other USTNY Documents and the consummation of
     the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
     authorized by all necessary action on the part of USTNY and, to the
     extent required, by the stockholders of USTNY. This Agreement has been
     duly executed and delivered by USTNY and constitutes, and each of the
     other USTNY Documents will be duly executed and delivered by USTNY on or
     prior to the Closing Date, and when so executed and delivered will
     constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of USTNY enforceable
     against it in accordance with its terms.
 
          (c) No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance by USTNY
     of this Agreement and the other USTNY Documents (other than the Services
     Agreement) will not contravene, violate, result in a breach of or
     constitute a default under (i) any provision of applicable law or of the
     certificate of incorporation or by-laws of USTNY or its comparable
     charter or organizational documents or (ii) any judgment, order, decree,
     statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to USTNY or any of
     its properties or assets.
 
          (d) Approvals.  No consent, approval, order, authorization of, or
     registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is
     required (other than Required Consents of such authority in its capacity
     as a customer or client in connection with Acquired Assets) in connection
     with the making or performance by USTNY of this Agreement or the other
     USTNY Documents, except the approval of the Board of Governors of the
     Federal Reserve System and the Banking Department of the State of New
     York. USTNY has received written advice from the Banking Department of
     the State of New York that the transfer of the fiduciary agency and
     similar relationships of USTNY which are included in the Acquired Assets
     may be transferred to and assumed by New Trustco as contemplated by this
     Agreement pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section
     604-a of the Banking Law of the State of New York.
 
     SECTION 4.2.  Representations and Warranties of New Trustco.  New Trustco
hereby represents and warrants to USTNY as follows:
 
          (a) Organization, Standing and Power.  New Trustco is a trust
     company with banking powers duly organized, validly existing and in good
     standing under the laws of the State of New York and has all requisite
     corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
     and to carry out its business as now being conducted.
 
          (b) Authority.  New Trustco has all requisite power and authority to
     execute this Agreement and the other Documents to which it is or will be
     a party (collectively, the "New Trustco Documents") and to consummate the
     transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery
     of this Agreement and the other New Trustco Documents and the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
     been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of New Trustco
     and, to the extent required, by the stockholders of New Trustco. This
     Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by New Trustco and
     constitutes, and each other New Trustco Document will be duly executed
     and delivered by New Trustco on or prior to the Closing Date, and when so
     executed and
 
                                     C-17
<PAGE>
 
     delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of New
     Trustco enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
 
          (c) No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance by New
     Trustco of this Agreement and the other New Trustco Documents will not
     contravene, violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default under
     (i) any provision of applicable law or of the certificate of
     incorporation or by-laws of New Trustco or its comparable charter or
     organizational documents and (ii) any judgment, order, decree, statute,
     law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to New Trustco or any of
     its properties or assets.
 
          (d) Approvals.  No consent, approval, order, authorization of, or
     registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is
     required (other than in its capacity as a customer or a client in
     connection with Acquired Assets) in connection with the making or
     performance by New Trustco of this Agreement or the other New Trustco
     Documents, or the acquisition of the Acquired Assets and assumption of
     the Assumed Liabilities as contemplated hereby, except the approval of
     the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Banking
     Department of the State of New York.
 
                                  ARTICLE V
 
                                  Covenants
 
     SECTION 5.1.  Items in Transit.  USTNY shall retain the benefit of and
shall bear the risk of all Uncollected Items and all other items which will
result in Deposits of the Processing Business which are in transit as of the
close of business on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date. Any
payments, transfers of securities, deposits, checks or other items relating to
or constituting part of the Acquired Assets (including the Transferred
Processing Receivables) or Assumed Liabilities, or otherwise paid or delivered
for the account or benefit of the Acquired Business or treasury operations of
USTNY (including any such items in transit or in the process of collection at
the time of the Closing) shall be for the account and benefit of New Trustco.
In furtherance of the foregoing, if funds, securities or other items payable
or deliverable to or for the account of one party in accordance with the
foregoing are received by the other party at any time on or after the Closing
Date, such receiving party shall forthwith remit such funds, securities or
other items to the other party. New Trustco shall be responsible for the
payment of any check, draft, payment order or similar item originating from
businesses of USTNY other than the Processing Business and payable by or drawn
upon USTNY which have not, as of the close of business on the day immediately
preceding the Closing Date, been paid or charged against an account of USTNY.
New Trustco shall forthwith reimburse USTNY for the amount of any item
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence which is paid by or charged
to an account of USTNY on or after the Closing Date. Funds owed to either
party pursuant to this Section shall bear interest (calculated on the basis of
a 360-day year) at the Federal Funds Rate from the Business Day of receipt, in
the case of same day funds, or the next Business Day, in the case of next day
funds, by a party of such funds (or payment by USTNY of funds for the account
of New Trustco) until the date of payment of such funds to the party entitled
thereto. All payments pursuant to this Section shall be made in immediately
available funds in New York City or, in the case of payments made with respect
to items received by mistake, of the same tenor as the receipt. Each party
shall provide the other with such information and evidence of transactions as
may be necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions.
 
     SECTION 5.2.  Further Assurances.  (a) Subject to the provisions of
Section 2.6, on and after the Closing Date, USTNY shall, with full
reimbursement of its reasonable actual costs and expenses (including
attorneys' fees and employee salaries and allocable benefits, but not
overhead), (i) give such further assurances to New Trustco and shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver all such acknowledgements and other instruments and
take such further actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate
effectively to vest in New Trustco the full legal and equitable title to the
Acquired Assets and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to assist New Trustco
in the orderly transition of the operations acquired by New Trustco. Nothing
in this Section shall be construed to require USTNY to incur, without
reimbursement from New Trustco, any costs or expenses in connection with any
such undertakings.
 
                                     C-18
<PAGE>
 
     (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.6, on and after the Closing
Date, New Trustco shall, at its expense (except as otherwise specifically
provided by the Documents), (i) give such further assurances to USTNY and
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver all such acknowledgements and other
instruments and take such further actions as may be necessary to relieve and
discharge USTNY effectively from the Assumed Liabilities and (ii) use its
reasonable best efforts to assist USTNY in the transfer to New Trustco of the
Acquired Assets and Assumed Liabilities.
 
     SECTION 5.3.  Certain Understandings.  New Trustco acknowledges that
neither USTNY nor any other person has made any representation or warranty,
express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any information
regarding the Acquired Assets or Assumed Liabilities not included in this
Agreement, the Documents or the schedules hereto and thereto. New Trustco
acknowledges that it will acquire the Acquired Assets without any
representation or warranty as to merchantability or fitness for any particular
purpose, in an "as is" condition and on a "where is" basis.
 
     SECTION 5.4.  Use of Name.  From and after the Closing Date, USTNY (i)
shall promptly change the name on all documents, stationery and facilities
relating to the Processing Business and the Related Back Office to a name that
is not in any way similar to USTNY's name (or any name or initial confusingly
similar to that of any existing Affiliates of New Trustco). It is understood
that USTNY is transferring to New Trustco all right, title and interest in and
to, and all rights to use, USTNY's name (or any name or initial similar
thereto or of any existing Affiliates of USTNY). Nothing in this Section shall
require USTNY to undertake to reissue deposits or rewrite outstanding loans,
or other agreements or other documents retained by USTNY on the Closing Date
except in the ordinary course of business, it being understood, however, that
reasonable efforts will be used to change names in accordance with the
provisions of the first sentence of this Section.
 
     SECTION 5.5.  Transferred Processing Receivables.  From and after the
Closing Date, USTNY will use its best efforts to assist New Trustco in the
collection of the Transferred Processing Receivables; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall not require USTNY to incur any actual cost or expense not
reimbursed by New Trustco or to conduct litigation (but USTNY shall cooperate
in such ways as may reasonably be requested by New Trustco, at New Trustco's
expense, in connection with any litigation commenced by New Trustco to collect
such Transferred Processing Receivables).
 
                                  ARTICLE VI
 
                             Conditions Precedent
 
     SECTION 6.1.  Conditions to Each Party's Obligation.  The obligation of
New Trustco to accept the Acquired Assets and assume the Assumed Liabilities
and the obligation of USTNY to assign, convey and deliver the Acquired Assets
and Assumed Liabilities to New Trustco shall be subject to the satisfaction
(or waiver by such party, in the case of USTNY only with the consent of CMC)
prior to the Closing of the following conditions:
 
          (a) Regulatory Approvals.  All authorizations, consents, orders or
     approvals of, or declarations or filings with, or expirations of waiting
     periods imposed by, any governmental authority necessary for the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
     have been obtained or filed or shall have occurred.
 
          (b) No Litigation, Injunctions or Restraints.  There shall be no
     suit, action, or other proceeding pending which has been initiated by any
     governmental authority seeking to restrain, prohibit, invalidate or set
     aside in whole or in part the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement. No temporary restraining order,
     preliminary or permanent injunction or other legal restraint or
     prohibition preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement shall be in effect.
 
          (c) Merger Agreement.  At the time of the Closing, all conditions to
     the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
     (other than the closings hereunder and under the Distribution Agreement)
     shall have been satisfied (or waived by the party for whose benefit such
     condition exists).
 
                                     C-19
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 6.2.  Conditions to Obligations of New Trustco.  The obligation
of New Trustco to accept the Acquired Assets and assume the Assumed
Liabilities shall be subject to the satisfaction prior to the Closing of each
of the following conditions, unless waived by New Trustco:
 
          (a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and
     warranties of USTNY set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct
     in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
     Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (or on or as of the date
     when made in the case of any representation or warranty which
     specifically relates to an earlier date), except as otherwise
     specifically contemplated by this Agreement, and New Trustco shall have
     received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of USTNY, dated
     the Closing Date, to such effect.
 
          (b) Performance of Obligations of USTNY.  USTNY shall have performed
     or complied in all material respects with all obligations, conditions and
     covenants required to be performed or complied with by it under this
     Agreement at or prior to the Closing, and New Trustco shall have received
     a certificate signed by an authorized officer of USTNY, dated the Closing
     Date, to such effect.
 
          (c) Bill of Sale.  USTNY shall have delivered to New Trustco an
     appropriate bill of sale conveying the personal property included in the
     Acquired Assets, and such other assignments, instruments or documents as
     may be necessary or appropriate to confirm the transfer and assignment of
     the Acquired Assets, in each case in form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to New Trustco.
 
          (d) Other Agreements.  Each of the Documents shall have been
     executed and delivered by the parties thereto (other than New Trustco),
     and shall, subject to consummation of the transactions contemplated by
     the Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and this Agreement, be
     effective and in force.
 
          (e) Name Change.  USTNY shall have amended its organization
     certificate to change its name.
 
     SECTION 6.3.  Conditions to the Obligation of USTNY.  The obligation of
USTNY to assign, convey, and deliver the Acquired Assets and transfer the
Assumed Liabilities is subject to the satisfaction on and as of the Closing
Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by USTNY (with the
consent of CMC):
 
          (a) Representations and Warranties.  The representations and
     warranties of New Trustco set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
     correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as
     of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (or on
     or as of the date when made in the case of any representation or warranty
     which specifically relates to an earlier date), except as otherwise
     specifically contemplated by this Agreement, and USTNY shall have
     received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of New Trustco,
     dated the Closing Date, to such effect.
 
          (b) Performance of Obligations of New Trustco.  New Trustco shall
     have performed or complied in all material respects with all obligations
     required to be performed or complied with by it under this Agreement at
     or prior to the Closing, and USTNY shall have received a certificate
     signed by an authorized officer of New Trustco, dated the Closing Date,
     to such effect.
 
          (c) Assumption Agreement.  New Trustco shall have executed and
     delivered to USTNY the Assumption Agreement.
 
          (d) Other Agreements.  Each of the Documents shall have been
     executed and delivered by the parties thereto (other than USTNY), and
     shall, subject to consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
     Merger Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and this Agreement, be
     effective and in force.
 
                                     C-20
<PAGE>
 
                                 ARTICLE VII
 
                      Termination, Amendment and Waiver
 
     SECTION 7.1.  Termination.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated and the transactions
contemplated hereby abandoned at any time prior to the Closing by mutual
written consent of USTNY and New Trustco in the event the Merger Agreement is
terminated by any party thereto in accordance with the terms thereof.
 
     SECTION 7.2.  Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement may not be amended
except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties
hereto and consented to by CMC. By an instrument in writing, USTNY or New
Trustco may waive compliance by the other party with any term or provision of
this Agreement that such other party was or is obligated to comply with or
perform; provided that no such waiver by USTNY shall be effective unless
consented to by CMC.
 
                                 ARTICLE VIII
 
                              General Provisions
 
     SECTION 8.1.  Notices.  Any notice, request, instruction or other
document to be given hereunder by any party to any other party shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) on the first Business
Day occurring on or after the date of transmission if transmitted by facsimile
(upon confirmation of receipt by journal or report generated by the facsimile
machine of the party giving such notice), (ii) on the first Business Day
occurring on or after the date of delivery if delivered personally or (iii) on
the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if dispatched by Federal
Express or other next-day courier service. All notices hereunder shall be
given as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be
designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:
 
        (a) if to USTNY, to
 
            c/o The Chase Manhattan Corporation
            One Chase Manhattan Plaza
            New York, New York 10081
            Attention: Robert M. MacAllister
 
            with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
            O'Melveny & Myers
            153 East 53rd Street
            New York, New York 10022
            Attention: William H. Satchell
 
        and
 
        (b) if to New Trustco, to
 
            c/o U.S. Trust Corporation
            114 West 47th Street
            New York, New York 10036
            Attention: Maureen Scannell Bateman
 
            with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
            Cravath, Swaine & Moore
            Worldwide Plaza
            825 Eighth Avenue
            New York, New York 10019
            Attention: B. Robbins Kiessling
 
                                     C-21
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 8.2.  Interpretation.  When a reference is made in this Agreement
to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit, such reference shall be to a Section,
Schedule or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of
contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "included", "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation". All accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the
meanings determined by generally accepted accounting principles.
 
     SECTION 8.3.  Survival of Representations.  The representations and
warranties of New Trustco contained in Article IV of this Agreement shall
survive the closing and shall terminate at the close of business two years
following the Closing Date. The representations and warranties of USTNY
contained in Article IV of this Agreement shall terminate on the Closing Date.
 
     SECTION 8.4.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person, place or circumstances, shall be held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, the
remainder of this Agreement and such provisions as applied to other persons,
places, and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect; provided,
however, that in the event that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are
materially altered as a result of this Section 8.4, the parties will
renegotiate the terms and conditions of this Agreement to resolve any
inequities.
 
     SECTION 8.5.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by
each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that
all parties need not sign the same counterpart.
 
     SECTION 8.6.  Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries.  This
Agreement, the Documents and the documents and instruments referred to herein
and therein, or otherwise required pursuant to any Document to be delivered in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Documents, (a) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof (except the Confidentiality Agreement
dated August 17, 1994 between CMC and the Company and certain letter
agreements executed simultaneously with the Merger Agreement) and (b) except
as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon
any person other than the parties hereto and CMC any rights or remedies
hereunder.
 
     SECTION 8.7.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict
of laws.
 
     SECTION 8.8.  Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.  (a) Each of
USTNY and New Trustco irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
(i) the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County and (ii) the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York located in
the borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, for the purposes of any
suit, action or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby. Each of USTNY and New Trustco further agrees
that any service of process, summons, notice or document given in accordance
with Section 8.1 shall be effective service of process for any action, suit or
proceeding in New York with respect to any matters to which it has submitted
to jurisdiction as set forth above in the immediately preceding sentence. Each
of USTNY and New Trustco irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection
to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in (i) the Supreme Court of
the State of New York, New York County or (ii) the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and hereby further irrevocably
and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court
that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum.
 
     (b) Each of New Trustco and USTNY hereby waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in
respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under or
 
                                     C-22
<PAGE>
 
in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Documents. Each of New
Trustco and USTNY (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of
the other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party
would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver
and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party hereto has been induced to
enter into this Agreement and the other Documents, as applicable, by, among
other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 8.8(b).
 
     SECTION 8.9.  Certain Disputes.  (a) Following the delivery of the Final
Balance Sheets and Related Schedules to USTNY, USTNY shall review such balance
sheets and schedules and New Trustco and its accountants shall permit USTNY
and its accountants full access at all reasonable times to all of the working
papers, analyses and schedules utilized or prepared in connection with the
preparation of such balance sheets and schedules. On or before the 50th day
after the Closing Date, USTNY shall, in a written notice to New Trustco,
either accept the Final Balance Sheets and Related Schedules or describe in
reasonable detail any proposed adjustments to such Final Balance Sheets and
Related Schedules and the reasons therefor, and shall include pertinent
calculations. Thereafter, USTNY and its accountants shall permit New Trustco
full access at all reasonable times to all of the working papers, analyses and
schedules of USTNY and its accountants (and relevant personnel) utilized or
prepared in connection with the preparation of such notices of proposed
adjustments. If USTNY shall not give such notice of proposed adjustments
within such 50-day period, USTNY will be deemed irrevocably to have accepted
the Final Balance Sheets and Related Schedules. In the event that USTNY and
New Trustco disagree as to any item or amount (or the computation or
determination in accordance with the terms of this Agreement of any item or
amount) reflected, set forth in or relating to the Final Balance Sheets or
Related Schedules, or to the calculation of the Adjustment Amount as
contemplated hereby, then any payments at the time required to be made under
this Agreement shall be made on the basis of such items or amounts as to which
the parties do not disagree. Either party hereto shall thereupon be entitled
to request Ernst & Young (or, if said firm shall have a conflict due to a
relationship with CMC or New Holdings or any of their subsidiaries or shall be
unwilling to act thereunder, such other firm of nationally recognized
independent accountants as USTNY and New Trustco may jointly designate which
does not at the time have a material relationship with USTNY, New Trustco or
their Affiliates) to determine, in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement, such disputed item or amount (or the computations or determination
thereof). Any such request shall be in writing and shall specify with
particularity the disputed items, amounts or computations being submitted for
determination, and the requesting party shall furnish the other party hereto
with a copy of such request at the same time it is submitted to the
independent accountants. The firm of independent accountants to which any
dispute is referred hereunder shall within 30 days determine, in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement, the proper amount of any disputed item
or other amount, or the computation thereof, and such determination shall be
final, conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. In acting pursuant to
this Agreement, such firm of independent accountants shall be entitled to the
privileges and immunities of arbitrators. USTNY and New Trustco shall
cooperate fully in assisting such firm in making any determination requested
hereunder, including giving such firm access to all files, books and records
relevant thereto and providing such other information as such firm may
reasonably request in connection with the determination to be made by it
hereunder. The fees and disbursements in connection with such firm's
determination shall be borne equally by USTNY and New Trustco unless the
determination requires a party to make an additional payment in excess of
$50,000, in which case the party required to make such payment shall bear and
be responsible for the full amount of fees and disbursements of such firm. In
the event that a determination by independent accountants pursuant to this
Section requires any previously suspended payment to be made by any party,
such payment shall be made promptly (and in any event within ten Business
Days) after receipt by such party from such independent accountants of written
notice of such determination. Such firm of independent accountants shall
promptly and substantially simultaneously notify USTNY and New Trustco in
writing of any determination by it hereunder. New Trustco and USTNY agree that
the settlement of amounts payable pursuant to this Section will not be
considered to be a claim for indemnification pursuant to the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement.
 
     (b) Any amount payable by any party to another party pursuant to Section
8.9(a) shall be paid in immediately available funds in New York City and shall
bear interest (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year) on each day from the
date such amount would originally have been required to be paid hereunder had
no
 
                                     C-23
<PAGE>
 
dispute over such amount existed to the date of payment at the Federal Funds
Rate in effect for each such day during the period involved.
 
     (c) The party having control of the relevant records and financial
information used in connection with any adjustment provided for in this
Section shall certify the accuracy of such records and financial information
if so requested by the other party.
 
     SECTION 8.10.  Assignment.  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interest or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by either party hereto
without the prior written consent of the other party, except that USTNY may
assign its rights, interest and obligations under this Agreement to any
successor by merger or any entity that acquires substantially all of its
assets. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their
respective successors (including any bank or trust company which is a
successor by merger to USTNY) and assigns.
 
                [Remainder Of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]
 
                                     C-24
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, USTNY and New Trustco have caused this Agreement to
be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the date first written above.
 
                                          UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY
                                          OF NEW YORK
 
                                          By:
 
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
                                          By:
 
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                     C-25
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX D
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                            POST CLOSING COVENANTS
                                  AGREEMENT
 
                        Dated as of             , 1995
 
                                    among
 
                       THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                   UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                     and
 
                      NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
 
     POST CLOSING COVENANTS AGREEMENT dated as of             , 1995 (the
"Agreement"), among THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
("CMC"), U.S. TRUST CORPORATION, a New York corporation (the "Company"),
UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a New York State chartered bank and
trust company ("Old USTNY"), NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION, a New York
corporation ("New Holdings") and NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, a New
York State chartered bank and trust company and wholly owned subsidiary of New
Holdings ("New Trustco").
 
                               R E C I T A L S
 
     WHEREAS, New Holdings and New Trustco are, concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, entering into an Agreement and Plan of
Distribution dated as of the date hereof ("Distribution Agreement");
 
     WHEREAS, Old USTNY and New Trustco are, concurrently with the execution
of this Agreement, entering into a Contribution and Assumption Agreement dated
as of the date hereof ("Contribution Agreement");
 
     WHEREAS, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Distribution Agreement and the Contribution Agreement is a condition precedent
of the Merger (as defined below);
 
     WHEREAS, CMC and the Company have entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated as of November 18, 1994, providing, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, for the merger (the
"Merger") of the Company with and into CMC immediately after the consummation
of the Contribution and the Distribution;
 
     WHEREAS, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties
hereto is a condition to the willingness of the parties to the Contribution
Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and the Merger Agreement to consummate
the Contribution, the Distribution and the Merger;
 
     WHEREAS, CMC desires to enter into this Agreement in consideration for,
among other things, the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions to the
Merger; and
 
     WHEREAS, the parties to this Agreement have determined that it is
necessary and desirable to set forth certain agreements that will govern
various indemnity matters and other matters that may arise following the
Distribution and the Merger.
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and
covenants contained in this Agreement, and the above recited consideration and
other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
     SECTION 1.  Definitions.  Capitalized terms used in this Agreement
without definitions will have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
Merger Agreement, and accounting terms used herein and accounting
determinations made hereunder will be used or made as provided in the Merger
Agreement. The following terms shall have the following definitions:
 
          "Accounting and Valuation Services" shall have the meaning assigned
     to such term in Section 7.
 
          "Administration Services" shall have the meaning assigned to such
     term in Section 7.
 
          "Chase Parties" means CMC, the Company and Old USTNY.
 
          "Company Employees" means all employees of Old USTNY and its
     affiliates prior to the Effective Time.
 
          "Custody Services" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 7.
 
          "Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 4.
 
          "Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 4.
<PAGE>
 
          "Losses" means any liabilities, claims, actions, suits, proceedings,
     judgments, losses, damages, deficiencies and expenses (including
     reasonable attorney's fees and expenses of investigation).
 
          "New UST Parties" means New Holdings and New Trustco.
 
          "Third Party Claim" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 4.
 
          "Transfer Agent Services" shall have the meaning assigned to such
     term in Section 7.
 
          "Trust Services" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
     Section 7.
 
     SECTION 2.  Indemnification.
 
          (a) From and after the Effective Time, New Holdings agrees to
     indemnify and hold harmless the Chase Parties and their respective
     directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and assigns, as
     applicable, against any and all Losses, as incurred, for or on account of
     or arising from or in connection with or otherwise with respect to:
 
             (i) any breach of or any inaccuracy in any representation or
        warranty of any of the New UST Parties, the Company, Old USTNY and
        their subsidiaries contained in any of the Documents (as defined in
        the Distribution Agreement);
 
             (ii) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of (A) the New
        UST Parties or any of their subsidiaries contained in the Documents
        whether to be performed before or after the Effective Time or (B) the
        Company or Old USTNY or any of their subsidiaries contained in the
        Documents to be performed prior to the Effective Time;
 
             (iii) any Acquired Asset or Assumed Liability (each as defined in
        the Contribution Agreement and the Distribution Agreement);
 
             (iv) any Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability (each as defined in
        the Contribution Agreement);
 
             (v) any regulatory or compliance violation that arises out of
        events, actions or omissions to act of the Company or Old USTNY
        occurring prior to the Effective Time and adversely affects a Customer
        account or any entity that has an interest in such Customer account;
 
             (vi) except for the Retained Liabilities (as defined in the
        Contribution Agreement), MFSC Retained Liabilities, UST-WY Retained
        Liabilities (each as defined in the Distribution Agreement) and
        actions relating to the Processing Business, claims of any
        shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of the Company
        and its subsidiaries arising from the execution by the Company or Old
        USTNY of the Documents and the consummation after the Effective Time
        of transactions in accordance with the terms of the Documents;
 
             (vii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any
        material fact contained in the Proxy Statement, the Registration
        Statement on Form S-4, the Registration Statement on Form 10 and, if
        necessary, the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the Form S-4, the
        Form 10 and the Form S-1 collectively, the "Registration Statements")
        or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any omission or alleged
        omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
        therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
        circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; but only in
        each case to the extent based upon information with respect to the New
        UST Parties, the Company or Old USTNY furnished in writing by or on
        behalf of the New UST Parties, or at any time prior to the Effective
        Time, the Company or Old USTNY, expressly for use in the Proxy
        Statement, the Registration Statements or any amendment or supplement
        thereto; and
 
             (viii) any liability arising (A) from a claim to enforce, or to
        recover tort liability arising out of, any federal, state or local
        law, rule or regulation relating to the protection of the environment
        with respect to any facility, site, location or business (whether past
        or present and whether active or inactive) owned, operated or leased
        by the Company or Old USTNY or any of their subsidiaries prior to the
        Effective Date and (B) as a result of conditions existing during or
        prior to the period of
 
                                      D-2
<PAGE>
 
        time such facility, site, location or business was owned, operated or
        leased by the Company or Old USTNY or any of their subsidiaries.
 
          (b) From and after the Effective Time, New Trustco agrees to
     indemnify and hold harmless the Chase Parties and their respective
     directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and assigns, as
     applicable, against any and all Losses, as incurred, for or on account of
     or arising from or in connection with or otherwise with respect to:
 
             (i) any breach of or any inaccuracy in any representation or
        warranty of New Trustco or Old USTNY and their subsidiaries contained
        in any of the Documents;
 
             (ii) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of (A) New
        Trustco contained in the Documents whether to be performed before or
        after the Effective Time or (B) Old USTNY contained in the Documents
        to be performed prior to the Effective Time;
 
             (iii) any Acquired Asset or Assumed Liability (each as defined in
        the Contribution Agreement);
 
             (iv) any Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability (each as defined in
        the Contribution Agreement);
 
             (v) any regulatory or compliance violation that arises out of
        events, actions or omissions to act of Old USTNY occurring prior to
        the Effective Time and adversely affects a Customer account or any
        entity with an interest in such Customer account; and
 
             (vi) any liability arising (A) from a claim to enforce, or to
        recover tort liability arising out of, any federal, state or local
        law, rule or regulation relating to the protection of the environment
        with respect to any facility, site, location or business (whether past
        or present and whether active or inactive) owned, operated or leased
        by Old USTNY prior to the Effective Date and (B) as a result of
        conditions existing during or prior to the period of time such
        facility, site, location or business was owned, operated or leased by
        Old USTNY.
 
          (c) CMC agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the New UST Parties
     and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents
     and assigns, as applicable, against any and all Losses, as incurred, for
     or on account of or arising from or in connection with or otherwise with
     respect to:
 
             (i) any breach of or inaccuracy in any representation or warranty
        of CMC contained in any of the Documents;
 
             (ii) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of (A) CMC
        contained in the Documents whether to be performed before or after the
        Effective Time or (B) the Company or Old USTNY or any of their
        subsidiaries contained in the Documents to be performed after the
        Effective Time;
 
             (iii) except for Losses as to which any of the Chase Parties are
        entitled to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 2(a)
        hereof, any Retained Asset (as defined in the Contribution Agreement),
        any Retained Liability, any MFSC Retained Liability and any UST-WY
        Retained Liability; and
 
             (iv) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any
        material fact contained in the Proxy Statement, the Registration
        Statements or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any omission or
        alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be
        stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
        of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; but
        only in each case to the extent based upon information with respect to
        the Chase Parties furnished in writing by or on behalf of CMC or, at
        any time after the Effective Time, the Company or Old USTNY, expressly
        for use in the Proxy Statement, the Registration Statements or any
        amendment or supplement thereto.
 
                                      D-3
<PAGE>
 
          (d) Old USTNY agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the New UST
     Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
     agents and assigns, as applicable, against any and all Losses, as
     incurred, for or on account of or arising from or in connection with or
     otherwise with respect to:
 
             (i) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of Old USTNY
        contained in the Documents to be performed after the Effective Time;
        and
 
             (ii) except for Losses as to which any of the Chase Parties are
        entitled to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 2(a)
        hereof, any Retained Asset or any Retained Liability.
 
     SECTION 3.  Termination of Indemnification.  The obligations to indemnify
and hold harmless any party (a) pursuant to Sections 2(a)(i), 2(b)(i) and
2(c)(i) shall terminate on the second anniversary of the date hereof, (b)
pursuant to Sections 2(a)(v) and 2(b)(v) shall terminate on the first
anniversary of the date hereof and (c) pursuant to the other clauses of
Sections 2(a), 2(b) and 2(c) and clause 2(d) shall not terminate; provided,
however, that such obligations to indemnify and hold harmless shall not
terminate with respect to any item as to which the person to be indemnified
shall have, before the expiration of the applicable period, previously made a
claim by delivering a notice (pursuant to Section 4 hereof in the case of
Third Party Claims) specifically identifying such claim to the party providing
the indemnification.
 
     SECTION 4.  Procedure.  (a) Any party seeking any indemnification
provided for under this Agreement (the "Indemnified Party") in respect of,
arising out of or involving a claim made by any person against the Indemnified
Party (a "Third Party Claim"), shall notify in writing (and to the extent
received, deliver copies of all related notices and documents (including court
papers) to) the party from whom indemnification is sought (the "Indemnifying
Party") of the Third Party Claim within fifteen Business Days after receipt by
such Indemnified Party of written notice of the Third Party Claim; provided,
however, that failure to give such notification shall not affect the
indemnification provided hereunder except to the extent the Indemnifying Party
shall have been actually prejudiced as a result of such failure (except that
the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any expenses incurred during
the period in which the Indemnified Party failed to give such notice if such
Indemnified Party failed to give such notice within the allotted fifteen
Business Days). Thereafter, the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the
Indemnifying Party, within five Business Days' time after the Indemnified
Party's receipt thereof, copies of all other notices and documents (including
court papers) received by the Indemnified Party relating to the Third Party
Claim.
 
     (b) If a Third Party Claim is made against an Indemnified Party, the
Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense thereof
and, if it so chooses (except as provided in Section 4(c)), to assume the
defense thereof with experienced counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party
and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. Should the Indemnifying
Party so elect to assume the defense of a Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying
Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal expenses
(except as provided below and in Section 4(c)) subsequently incurred by the
Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof. Notwithstanding the
Indemnifying Party's election to assume the defense of such Third Party Claim,
the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to
participate in the defense of such action at its own expense; provided,
however, that the Indemnifying Party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs,
and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the
Indemnifying Party to represent the Indemnified Party would present such
counsel with a conflict of interest that would preclude such counsel from
representing the Indemnified Party pursuant to legal canons of ethics or other
applicable law; (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not have employed counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party to represent it within 30
days after notice to the Indemnifying Party of the institution of such Third
Party Claim or (iii) the Indemnifying Party shall authorize the Indemnified
Party to employ separate counsel at the Indemnifying Party's expense. If the
Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute a Third Party Claim, each
party hereto shall cooperate in the defense or prosecution thereof. Such
cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the Indemnifying Party's
request) the provision to the Indemnifying Party of records and information
which are reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim, and making employees
available (subject to reimbursement by the Indemnifying Party of actual
expenses incurred therewith) on a mutually convenient basis to provide
additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. If
the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute any Third Party Claim,
the
 
                                      D-4
<PAGE>
 
Indemnified Party shall agree to any settlement, compromise or discharge of
such Third Party Claim which the Indemnifying Party may recommend and which by
its terms obligates the Indemnifying Party to pay the full amount of the
liability in connection with such Third Party Claim and releases the
Indemnified Party completely in connection with such Third Party Claim.
Whether or not the Indemnifying Party shall have assumed the defense of a
Third Party Claim, so long as the Indemnifying Party acknowledges in writing
its obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to the
applicable claims, the Indemnified Party shall not admit any liability with
respect to, or settle, compromise or discharge, such Third Party Claim without
the Indemnifying Party's prior written consent, which consent may not be
withheld unless, in the Indemnifying Party's good-faith judgment, such
settlement, compromise or discharge is unreasonable in light of such Third
Party Claim against, and defenses available to, the Indemnified Party.
 
     (c) Notwithstanding anything set forth in Section 4(b) to the contrary,
in the event an Indemnified Party reasonably believes and so notifies the
Indemnifying Party in writing that the applicable claim, even if fully
indemnified for, is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
Indemnified Party's business, financial condition or results of operations,
then the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense of
such claim but shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to
participate in the defense of such action at its own expense. In such an
event, the Indemnified Party and its counsel shall consult, wherever
reasonably practicable, with the Indemnifying Party and its counsel with
respect to the status of the claim and any related litigation.
 
     SECTION 5.  Limitation on Indemnification.  Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, neither the New UST Parties nor CMC or Old USTNY shall
have any liability pursuant to Sections 2(a) and 2(b) or 2(c) and 2(d),
respectively, unless the aggregate amount of all Losses relating thereto
exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount equal to $500,000 (the "Deductible
Amount"), and then only to the extent of any such excess; provided, however,
that any Loss arising from a single indemnification claim (including any
single Third Party Claim) in an amount greater than $50,000 shall not be
subject to the limitation of this Section 5 and shall be excluded from the
determination of the Deductible Amount; provided further, however, that
amounts to be indemnified pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Contribution
Agreement and Section 4.4 of the Distribution Agreement shall not be subject
to the limitation of this Section 5 and shall be excluded from the
determination of the Deductible Amount. In no event shall any party be
entitled to indemnification for any Loss pursuant to Section 2 to the extent
such party has been indemnified for such Loss pursuant to any other Document.
 
     SECTION 6.  Minimum Net Worth.  Until the later of (a) three years from
the date hereof or (b) the date when the applicable statutes of limitations
with respect to all Federal income tax liabilities of the Company for periods
ending prior to or on the Closing Date have run, New Holdings shall (i) as of
any date of determination, maintain consolidated shareholders' equity of not
less than the lesser of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) the greater of (1) 95% of the
consolidated shareholders' equity of New Holdings at January 1, 1996, and (2)
the sum of (A) $135,000,000 plus, (B) on and after January 1, 1997, the
product of (I) $7,500,000 multiplied by (II) the number of the most recent
preceding anniversary of December 31, 1995 and (ii) be a "well capitalized"
bank holding company within the meaning of the regulations of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (as in effect on the date hereof);
except that, so long as its Tier 1 capital leverage ratio (determined in
accordance with regulations in effect on the date hereof) is 4.5% or above,
New Holdings shall not be deemed to be less than "well capitalized" solely
because its Tier 1 capital leverage ratio is less than 5%; provided, however,
that on or before September 30, 1995, the denominator used in determining New
Holding's Tier 1 capital leverage ratio shall be the book value of the average
total consolidated assets (net of the allowance for loan losses) of New
Holdings following the Distribution.
 
     SECTION 7.  Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation; Proprietary Information.
 
          (a) Until the fourth anniversary of the Effective Time, neither New
     Holdings nor any subsidiary or affiliate of New Holdings shall (i) in any
     way, directly or indirectly, engage in the Processing Business in the
     United States or Canada, or own, manage, operate, control or have an
     interest greater than 5% of the voting stock or 25% of the total equity
     in any enterprise which engages, directly or indirectly, in the
     Processing Business in the United States or Canada; provided, however,
     that nothing contained herein
 
                                      D-5
<PAGE>
 
     shall prohibit New Holdings or any subsidiary or affiliate of New
     Holdings from directly or indirectly acquiring a corporation or other
     entity or affiliated group of corporations or other entities that is
     engaged in the Processing Business (an "Acquired Person") so long as
     during the twelve month period ending on the last day of the month
     immediately preceding the month of such acquisition, revenues earned from
     the Processing Business by such Acquired Person constituted no more than
     15% of the aggregate revenues of such Acquired Person; provided, however,
     than an Acquired Person shall be subject to this Section 7 only with
     respect to customers of such Acquired Person who were not customers on
     the date immediately preceding the date such Acquired Person became an
     affiliate of New Holdings; (ii) provide any Customer or Institutional
     Client with any of the following items in connection with any assets held
     in custody or safekeeping by CMC or any affiliate of CMC, except as
     provided in the Services Agreement: (A) securities lending and investment
     of related collateral, (B) securities and commodities clearing services
     or (C) foreign exchange services or (iii) provide any Customer with any
     of the following items in connection with any assets with respect to
     which CMC or any affiliate of CMC provides Processing Services: (A) cash
     balance sweep services, (B) except with respect to assets for which New
     Holdings or any subsidiary of New Holdings exercises investment
     management for Customers listed on Schedule 7.1, Cash Management or (C)
     extensions of credit to investment companies and other commingled
     investment funds.
 
          (b) Until the third anniversary of the Effective Time, except as
     provided in Section 5.8 of the Merger Agreement, neither New Holdings nor
     any of its subsidiaries will solicit for employment any person who is, or
     after the Effective Time will be, a Retained Employee (other than a
     Retained Employee whose employment with CMC and its affiliates or any
     successor thereto has been terminated or who has been given notice of
     termination) or seek to persuade any such Retained Employee to
     discontinue his or her employment with CMC or any of its subsidiaries.
 
          (c) From and after the Effective Time, except as required by law,
     neither New Holdings nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their
     respective representatives shall, at any time, make use of, divulge or
     otherwise disclose, directly or indirectly, any trade secret,
     confidential information or other proprietary data (including any
     customer list, employee data, record or financial information
     constituting a trade secret) concerning the Processing Business and the
     Related Back Office (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) including,
     without limitation, the business or policies of Old USTNY and the Company
     or any of their respective subsidiaries, other than information that is
     an Acquired Asset or a Delayed Asset; provided, however, that nothing in
     the foregoing shall preclude New Holdings or any subsidiary or affiliate
     of New Holdings from providing any of the services not specifically
     prohibited herein or from engaging in the Processing Business from and
     after the fourth anniversary of the Effective Time.
 
          (d) In the event that there is a direct or indirect Change of
     Control, New Holdings and New Trustco shall cease to be bound by Section
     7(a), and upon six months notice by CMC, CMC may treat such Change of
     Control as a termination of the Services Agreement by New Trustco and
     cease providing Processing Services under the Services Agreement on or
     after six months after the Change of Control.
 
          (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, it is
     understood and agreed that the remedy of indemnity payments pursuant to
     Section 2 and other remedies at law would be inadequate in the case of
     any breach of the covenants contained in Sections 7(a), 7(b), and 7(c)
     and each of New Holdings and New Trustco agrees that each of CMC and the
     Company shall be entitled to equitable relief, including the remedy of
     specific performance, with respect to any breach or attempted breach of
     such covenants.
 
          (f) For the purposes of this Section 7:
 
             "Accounting and Valuation Services" shall mean all portfolio
        accounting and valuation services including but not limited to the
        financial and tax recordkeeping related to income, disbursements,
        corporate actions, interest, dividends and expense of customers,
        including the calculation of total assets, net assets, net asset value
        per share or unit, the preparation of financial statements and related
        functions.
 
                                      D-6
<PAGE>
 
             "Administration Services" shall mean any or all of the following:
        (i) the maintenance of corporate, trust or partnership books and
        records, including Accounting and Valuation Services and Transfer
        Agent Services, (ii) the preparation of required regulatory filings
        and reports and payments of required governmental fees and expenses,
        (iii) the preparation and filing of tax returns, (iv) overseeing the
        determination of net asset value calculations, (v) arranging for and
        supervising payments of expenses, (vi) the preparation of financial
        statements, (vii) the provision of legal and regulatory compliance
        services and supervision of regulatory and compliance matters,
        including without limitation the preparation and filing of
        registration statements and disclosure documents required by federal
        or state law, (viii) the preparation of annual and semiannual reports
        and other shareholder communications and (ix) corporate secretary and
        treasury services.
 
             "Asset and Investment Management Business" shall mean the asset
        and investment management business of USTNY and its affiliates
        ("AIM"), as conducted in the case of USTNY by its Asset Management
        Group, which includes administration of personal and Family trusts and
        estates, estate planning services, providing Special Fiduciary
        Services, broker-dealer services, custody services with respect to
        assets managed by AIM, providing tax services and financial counseling
        and acting as a discretionary trustee or an investment manager for
        stocks, bonds, separately managed or pooled accounts, common trust
        funds and other financial assets for individuals and entities
        including without limitation, mutual funds, institutions and employee
        benefit plans.
 
             "Bundled Services" shall mean the provision of Administration
        Services, Custody Services or Trust Services as included services,
        without separate charge, together with the exercise of Substantial
        Management Discretion over 50% or more of the investible assets in the
        account for which such included services are provided.
 
             "Cash Management" shall mean short term investment management of
        uninvested cash balances in instruments or vehicles having an average
        maturity of 180 days or less, including without limitation STIFs or
        money market funds.
 
             "Change of Control" shall mean any direct or indirect acquisition
        of New Holdings or New Trustco by any other institution, including
        without limitation, a merger of New Holdings or New Trustco with an
        unaffiliated institution (or any affiliate of such institution) having
        total assets of $2 billion or more or shareholders' equity of $200
        million or more.
 
             "Corporate Trust and Agency Business" shall mean the corporate
        trust and agency business of USTNY and its affiliates, which includes
        acting as trustee for the holders of interests representing
        obligations under bonds, debentures, leases, structured obligations,
        derivative and asset-backed securities, and voting trusts, acting as
        registrar, tender agent, voting trustee, solicitation agent, drawing
        agent, authenticating agent, warrant agent, paying agent, issuing
        agent, depositary or exchange agent for cash, securities or other
        property (other than registered Investment Company securities), acting
        as fiscal agent under public bond resolutions, acting as an escrow
        agent, transfer agent or collateral agent for public and private
        corporations, partnerships (but not registered Investment Companies)
        and municipalities and acting as bond immobilization agent.
 
             "Custody Services" shall mean the provision of custodial trustee,
        safekeeping and related services to clients with respect to their
        cash, securities or other assets, including (i) custody and
        safekeeping of assets, (ii) settlement of securities and asset
        transactions and reporting thereof, (iii) determination and collection
        of income and entitlements on securities and other assets, (iv) making
        cash disbursements and reporting cash transactions, (v) maintenance of
        investment ledgers and position and income reports, including account
        ledgers, statements of account, asset status lists and investment
        reviews, (vi) cash balance sweep services, (vii) securities lending
        and investment of related collateral, (viii) securities and
        commodities clearing services, (ix) foreign exchange services, and (x)
        extensions of credit to (A) Investment Companies for leverage and
        12b-1 financing and (B) other commingled investment funds.
 
                                      D-7
<PAGE>
 
             "Family" shall mean an individual or group of individuals related
        by blood, marriage, or similar relationships.
 
             "Family Office" shall mean any corporation, trust, partnership or
        other entity established and operated exclusively to manage, or as a
        vehicle for the common management of, the assets or affairs of a
        Family. A "Family Office" may include foundations or endowments,
        provided that when aggregated, all such foundations and endowments
        shall constitute less than 50% of: (i) the investible assets of the
        Family Office and (ii) the investible assets of Family Members under
        the management of New Holdings or any subsidiary or affiliate of New
        Holdings. "Family Office" shall also include any employee benefit plan
        trust maintained exclusively for the benefit of Family retainers and
        employees of the Family Office.
 
             "Family Trust" shall mean any trust for the benefit of an
        individual or Family.
 
             "Institutional Client" shall mean any corporation, trust,
        foundation, endowment, limited liability company, partnership or
        similar entity having investible assets of $50 million or more, other
        than a Family Office.
 
             "Private Banking Business" shall mean the private banking
        business of USTNY and its affiliates which includes the provision of a
        full range of commercial banking and fiduciary services to
        individuals, Families, Family Offices, partnerships and other
        entities. Services and products provided by the Private Banking
        Business include checking accounts, money market accounts,
        certificates of deposit, secured and unsecured loans, mortgage loans,
        lines of credit, letters of credit, custody and securities
        administration services, secured broker loans and Cash Management
        services offered to securities industry participants and financial
        institutions (other than Customers).
 
             "Processing Business" shall mean the business of providing
        Administration Services, Custody Services or Trust Services; provided,
        however, that the term "Processing Business" shall not include any
        services that would, but for this proviso, constitute "Processing
        Business," to the extent such services are provided in connection with
        any of the following: (i) any relationship listed in Schedule 7.2;
        (ii) assets with respect to which New Holdings or any subsidiary or
        affiliate of New Holdings exercises investment management; (iii)
        individuals, estates, Family Trusts or Family Offices; (iv) any
        corporation, limited liability company, trust, partnership, foundation
        or endowment or other entity having, at the time of the acceptance of
        the relationship, investible assets of less than $50 million or, at
        any time the services are provided other than as Bundled Services,
        investible assets of less than $100 million; (v) any collective
        investment trust maintained exclusively by New Trustco or another bank
        or trust company affiliate; (vi) the Corporate Trust and Agency
        Business of New Holdings, New Trustco or any of their affiliates,
        (vii) subject to clause (iv) above, the AIM Business; (viii) subject
        to clause (iv) above, the Private Banking Business, (ix) any service
        provided to New Holdings or a subsidiary or affiliate of New Holdings
        for its own account or (x) any relationship for which CMC serves as
        subcustodian to New Holdings or any subsidiary or affiliate of New
        Holdings (other than pursuant to the Services Agreement). Except as
        expressly provided, the foregoing clauses (i) through (x) operate
        independently and none shall be deemed to limit the other.
 
             "Special Fiduciary Services" shall mean any special appointment
        to act as trustee or as fiduciary with respect to employer or
        employer-related securities in which the trustee or fiduciary is
        appointed for the express purpose of making a special investment or
        voting decision or other discretionary decision with respect to such
        employer or employer-related securities.
 
             "Substantial Management Discretion" shall mean the actual
        management of investible assets, directly or through a subadvisor,
        whether or not the manager exercises final decision-making power over
        assets.
 
             "Transfer Agent Services" shall mean any or all of the services,
        functions or activities of a transfer agent, as defined in Section
        3(a)(25) of the Exchange Act, including but not limited to the
        functions of dividend disbursing agent, registrar, and shareholder
        liaison functions, and (i) the maintenance, updating and operating of
        shareholder or equivalent ownership of shares, units or
 
                                      D-8
<PAGE>
 
        partnership interests in such accounts, (ii) the preparation and input
        of all orders for purchases, exchanges, redemptions and transfers and
        any reconciliations, settlements and mailings relating thereto, (iii)
        responding to inquiries from existing and prospective shareholders,
        unitholders or partners, (iv) reconciling all internal accounts, such
        as incoming cash and settlement wires, (v) tax preparation, materials
        or reports for shareholders, unitholders or partners (but not
        Investment Companies), and reporting and compliance in connection
        therewith, (vi) record-keeping for shareholders, unitholders or
        partners in accordance with applicable law, rules and regulations and
        (vii) other services customarily performed by a transfer agent.
 
             "Trust Services" shall mean services provided as a trustee or
        custodian consisting of the provision of safekeeping and related
        services to clients with respect to their cash, securities or other
        assets, including the services denoted under "Custody Services" above,
        and the following: (i) portfolio accounting services including but not
        limited to financial and tax recordkeeping, (ii) preparation of
        required regulatory filings and reports, (iii) provision of
        performance measurement and analytical services, including the on-line
        delivery thereof and (iv) benefit payments and participant
        recordkeeping.
 
     SECTION 8.  Other Agreements.  (a) Old USTNY acknowledges that certain
Customer Agreements (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) of the IAS
Business (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) for Cash Management
Services relating to collective investment vehicles that will be maintained or
advised by New Trustco are part of the Retained Assets. In each such instance,
New Trustco shall use its best efforts to have the relevant Customers (as
defined in the Contribution Agreement) of the IAS Business enter into
agreements with New USTNY in order to transfer the money management
relationship of such Customers to New USTNY.
 
     (b) From and after the Closing Date, Old USTNY shall use its best efforts
to assist New Trustco in the collection of the Transferred Processing
Receivables (as defined in the Contribution Agreement); provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not require Old USTNY to incur any actual cost or
expense not reimbursed by New Trustco or to conduct litigation (but Old USTNY
shall cooperate in such ways as may reasonably be requested by New Trustco, at
New Trustco's expense, in connection with any litigation commenced by New
Trustco to collect such Transferred Processing Receivables).
 
     SECTION 9.  Validity.  If any provision of this Agreement should, for any
reason whatsoever, be declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, the validity or enforcement of the remainder of the
Agreement shall not thereby be adversely affected and such provision shall be
deemed deleted herefrom with respect, and only with respect, to the operation
of such provision in the particular jurisdiction in which such adjudication
was made; provided, however, that to the extent any such provision may be made
valid and enforceable in such jurisdiction by limitations on the scope of the
activities, geographical area or time period covered, the parties agree that
such provision instead shall be deemed limited to the extent, and only to the
extent, necessary to make such provision enforceable to the fullest extent
permissible under the laws and public policies applied in such jurisdiction,
and any court of competent jurisdiction is hereby authorized to enforce such
provision as so limited.
 
     SECTION 10.  Notices.  Any notice, request, instruction or other document
to be given hereunder by any party to any other party shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) on the first business day
occurring on or after the date of transmission if transmitted by facsimile
(upon confirmation of receipt by journal or report generated by the facsimile
machine of the party giving such notice), (ii) on the first business day
occurring on or after the date of delivery if delivered personally or (iii) on
the first business day following the date of dispatch if dispatched by Federal
Express or other next-day courier service. All
 
                                      D-9
<PAGE>
 
notices hereunder shall be given as set forth below, or pursuant to such other
instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such
notice:
 
        (i) if to any of the Chase Parties, to
 
            c/o The Chase Manhattan Corporation
            One Chase Manhattan Plaza
            New York, New York 10081
            Attention: Robert M. MacAllister
            Facsimile Number: (212) 552-4934
 
            with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
            O'Melveny & Myers
            153 East 53rd Street
            New York, New York 10022
            Attention: William H. Satchell
            Facsimile Number: (212) 326-2061
 
        (ii) if to any of the New UST Parties, to
 
             c/o U.S. Trust Corporation
             114 West 47th Street
             New York, New York 10036
             Attention: Maureen Scannell Bateman
             Facsimile Number: (212) 852-1310
 
             with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
             Cravath, Swaine & Moore
             Worldwide Plaza
             825 Eighth Avenue
             New York, New York 10019
             Attention: B. Robbins Kiessling
             Facsimile Number: (212) 765-0992
 
     SECTION 11.  Books and Records.  After the Closing, upon reasonable
written notice, New Trustco and Old USTNY each shall furnish or cause to be
furnished to the other and their respective accountants, counsel and other
representatives access, during normal business hours, to such information
(including books and records) as is reasonably necessary.
 
     SECTION 12.  Expenses.  New Holdings and New Trustco jointly and
severally agree to pay all fees and expenses incurred by the Company and Old
USTNY and their respective affiliates in connection with the negotiation and
execution of the Documents and the performance of the transactions
contemplated thereby, other than transactions performed after the Effective
Time.
 
     SECTION 13.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts
of laws.
 
     SECTION 14.  Interpretation.  When a reference is made in this Agreement
to a Section, Schedule or Exhibit, such reference shall be to a Section,
Schedule or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of
contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "included", "includes" or "including" are used
in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation". All accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall have the
meanings determined by generally accepted accounting principles.
 
                                     D-10
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 15.  Parties in Interest.  This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any other Person
any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason
of this Agreement.
 
     SECTION 16.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement.
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be
executed on its behalf by its officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the day and year first written above.
 
                                          THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF
                                          NEW YORK
 
                                          By:
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          NEW U.S. TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK
 
                                          By:
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                            ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                     D-11
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX E
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                           TAX ALLOCATION AGREEMENT
 
                        Dated as of             , 1995
 
                                    Among
 
                            U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                     and
 
                       THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                  TAX ALLOCATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement")
                    dated as of             , 1995, among
                U.S. TRUST CORPORATION, a New York corporation
                               (the "Company"),
            NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION, a New York corporation
            ("New Holdings") and THE CHASE MANHATTAN CORPORATION,
                      a Delaware corporation ("Parent").
 
     WHEREAS, the Company is currently the common parent of an affiliated
group of corporations (the "Affiliated Group") filing consolidated Federal
income Tax returns and unitary or combined state income Tax returns
("Consolidated Returns"), pursuant to which the Company and one or more other
members of the Affiliated Group pay Taxes on a consolidated, combined or
unitary basis ("Consolidated Taxes");
 
     WHEREAS, on             , United States Trust Company of New York, a New
York State chartered bank and trust company ("USTNY") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, transferred certain assets and liabilities
associated with USTNY's private banking and asset management businesses to New
U.S. Trust Company of New York, a New York State chartered bank and trust
company ("New Trustco") and a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of USTNY
("Contribution No. 1");
 
     WHEREAS, immediately thereafter, USTNY distributed the stock of New
Trustco to the Company ("Spinoff No. 1") in a transaction intended to qualify
as a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code");
 
     WHEREAS, immediately thereafter, the Company contributed the stock of New
Trustco, the stock of certain other subsidiaries of the Company and certain
other assets to New Holdings, a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company ("Contribution No. 2");
 
     WHEREAS, the Company intends to distribute all the stock of New Holdings
to its shareholders ("Spinoff No. 2") in a transaction intended to qualify as
a tax-free spin-off under Section 355 of the Code (Contribution No.1,
Contribution No.2, Spinoff No.1 and Spinoff No.2 are referred to,
collectively, herein as the "Spinoffs");
 
     WHEREAS, on the beginning of the first day after the date on which
Spinoff No.2 occurs (the "Distribution Date"), New Holdings and its
subsidiaries, including New Trustco (collectively, the "Holdings Group"), will
cease to be members of the Affiliated Group of which the Company is the common
parent corporation, within the meaning of Section 1502 of the Code, and which
has elected to file Consolidated Returns;
 
     WHEREAS, immediately following Spinoff No.2 pursuant to an agreement
between the Company and the Parent, the Company shall merge with the Parent or
a subsidiary of the Parent and USTNY may merge with a subsidiary of the Parent
(collectively, the "Merger");
 
     WHEREAS, the Company and New Holdings desire to allocate the liability
for the Taxes (including any interest or penalties thereon and additions
thereto) of members of the Affiliated Group for any taxable period (including
short taxable periods and any portion of any taxable period) which period (or
portion) ends on or before the effective date of the Merger (a "Pre-Merger Tax
Period") and to provide for certain other tax-related matters;
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained
herein, the parties agree as follows.
 
          1. Indemnification by the Company and USTNY.  The Company and its
     subsidiaries, other than USTNY, shall indemnify and hold harmless New
     Holdings against any Federal, state, local and foreign income, property,
     sales, excise, transfer, withholding, employment or other taxes, tariffs
     or governmental charges (and all penalties and interest relating thereto)
     imposed by a governmental authority pursuant to the exercise of its power
     to tax (collectively, "Taxes") (i) imposed on the Company, USTNY or any
     of their respective subsidiaries at the Effective Time of the Merger for
     any taxable period (including short taxable periods and any portion of
     any taxable period) which period (or portion) begins on or after and
<PAGE>
 
     ends after the effective date of the Merger (a "Post-Merger Tax Period"),
     (ii) imposed on any member of the Affiliated Group as a result of the
     Merger failing to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
     Code solely by reason of one or more actions, other than a Contemplated
     Action, taken by the Company, the Parent or any of their respective
     subsidiaries after the Merger or (iii) imposed as a result of the
     Spinoffs on any member of the Affiliated Group solely by reason of one or
     more actions, other than a Contemplated Action, taken by the Company, the
     Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries after the Merger. As used
     herein, "Contemplated Action" shall mean any action or inaction set forth
     in the documents prepared in connection with the Spinoffs and the Merger,
     and actions or inactions contemplated to be taken as specified in writing
     by the Parent to New Holdings in connection with the preparation of a
     private letter ruling request to be completed in connection with the
     Spinoffs and the Merger. Except as specifically provided in this Section
     1, none of Parent, the Company nor any of their respective subsidiaries
     shall have any obligation to any of New Holdings, New Trustco or any of
     their respective subsidiaries for any Taxes arising from or related to
     the Spinoffs or the Merger.
 
          2. Indemnification by New Holdings.  New Holdings and each direct or
     indirect subsidiary thereof, other than New Trustco, shall indemnify and
     hold harmless the Parent, the Company, USTNY and each direct or indirect
     subsidiary thereof against any and all Taxes, other than Taxes for which
     New Holdings, New Trustco and each direct or indirect subsidiary thereof
     has been indemnified under Section 1, (i) imposed on any member of the
     Affiliated Group with respect to a Pre-Merger Tax Period or (ii) imposed
     on Parent, Company and each direct or indirect subsidiary thereof as a
     result of the Spinoffs or the Merger.
 
          3. Control of Tax Matters.  (a) The Company hereby irrevocably
     designates, and agrees to cause each of its subsidiaries to so designate,
     New Holdings as its agent to take any and all actions, at New Holdings'
     sole expense, necessary or incidental to the preparation of Tax returns
     and the filing of claims for refunds or forms relating to any Pre-Merger
     Tax Period. For any Straddle Period (as defined in Section 4) of the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries that was a member of the Affiliated
     Group for any Pre-Merger Tax Period, Parent, at Parent's sole expense,
     will timely file (in a manner consistent with past practice of the
     Company, unless Parent reasonably determines that such practice is
     inconsistent with the then existing state of the law) with the
     appropriate Taxing authorities all Tax returns required to be filed.
 
          (b) If requested by New Holdings the Company will, and will cause
     each of its subsidiaries that was a member of the Affiliated Group for
     any Pre-Merger Tax Period to, and New Holdings will, and will cause each
     of its subsidiaries that was a member of the Affiliated Group for any
     Pre-Merger Tax Period to, join in the filing of Consolidated Returns for
     all Pre-Merger Tax Periods to the extent the Company, New Holdings and
     their subsidiaries are respectively eligible to join in such Consolidated
     Returns. Such Consolidated Returns will be filed on behalf of the
     Affiliated Group by New Holdings or, if so requested by New Holdings, by
     the Company.
 
          (c) The Company shall refrain, and shall cause each of its
     subsidiaries to refrain, from making any material tax election (including
     an election under Section 13261(g)(2) of the Revenue Reconciliation Act
     of 1993) without the prior written consent of New Holdings that would (i)
     bind New Holdings or any member of the Holdings Group or (ii) materially
     affect the Tax liability of the Affiliated Group.
 
          (d) Without the prior written consent of Parent, New Holdings shall
     refrain, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to refrain, from
     making, filing or amending any Tax return that includes any Pre-Merger
     Tax Period that (i) is inconsistent with the existing and historic method
     used by the Affiliated Group in calculating the taxable income of the
     Affiliated Group and (ii) would materially affect the Tax liability of
     the Parent, Company and each direct or indirect subsidiary thereof for
     any Post-Merger Tax Period.
 
          4.  Allocation Between Taxable Periods.  (a) In the case of any
     taxable period that includes but does not end on the effective date of
     the Merger (a "Straddle Period"),
 
             (i) real, personal and intangible property Taxes, other than
        transfer and similar Taxes, ("Property Taxes") allocated to the
        Pre-Merger Tax Period shall be equal to the amount of such Property
        Taxes for the entire Straddle Period multiplied by a fraction, the
        numerator of which is the
 
                                      E-2
<PAGE>
 
        number of days during the Straddle Period that are in the Pre-Merger
        Tax Period and the denominator of which is the number of days in the
        Straddle Period; and
 
             (ii) all Taxes (other than Property Taxes) for the Pre-Merger Tax
        Period shall be computed based on an actual closing of the books as if
        such taxable period ended as of the close of business on the effective
        date of the Merger and, in the case of any Taxes attributable to the
        ownership of any equity interest in any partnership or other "flow
        through" entity, based on an actual closing of the books as if the
        taxable period of such partnership or other "flow through" entity
        ended as of the close of business on the effective date of the Merger;
        provided, however, the transfers and transactions (including Taxes
        attributable thereto) which occur to effectuate the Spinoffs or the
        Merger shall be allocated to the Pre-Merger Tax Period.
 
          (b) In the case of any taxable period other than a Straddle Period,
     all income, deductions and other items shall be allocated between the
     Pre-Merger Tax Period and the Post-Merger Tax Period in a manner
     consistent with applicable tax accounting principles and based on an
     actual closing of the books of the Company on the effective date of the
     Merger except that (i) allowances or deductions that are calculated on an
     annual basis (such as the deductions for amortization, depreciation or
     capital allowances) and Property Taxes shall be prorated on a daily
     basis, (ii) transfers and transactions (including Taxes attributable
     thereto) which occur to effectuate the Spinoffs or the Merger shall be
     allocated to the Pre-Merger Tax Period, and (iii) if the effective date
     of the Merger occurs on a date other than the first day of a fiscal month
     of the Company, all income, deductions and other items for such month
     (other than amounts attributable to transactions not in the ordinary
     course of business and other than closing adjustments and other similar
     adjustments) will be prorated on a daily basis. Any adjustments made by
     any Taxing authority shall be allocated in accordance with the principles
     of this Section 4(b).
 
          (c) Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 4
     setting forth the principles for allocating income, gain, loss,
     deduction, credits, events or transfers between Pre-Merger and
     Post-Merger Tax Periods, and any Straddle Period, New Holdings, Parent,
     and the Company shall file, or cause to be filed, all relevant Tax
     returns and execute, or cause to be executed, such other documents as may
     be required by any Taxing authority, on the basis that the Spinoffs and
     the Merger shall occur for Tax purposes as of the close of business on
     the day before the effective date of the Merger and refrain from taking
     any position inconsistent with such basis with any Taxing authority
     unless the relevant Taxing authority will not accept a Tax return filed
     on such basis, or unless otherwise required under applicable law after a
     final determination thereof.
 
          5.  Cooperation.  The Company agrees to cooperate with New Holdings,
     and will cause each of its subsidiaries to so cooperate, in a timely
     manner consistent with existing practice in filing any return or consent
     contemplated by this Agreement. The Company also agrees to take, and will
     cause the appropriate subsidiary to take, such action or actions as New
     Holdings may reasonably request, including but not limited to the filing
     of requests for the extension of time within which to file tax returns,
     and to cooperate in connection with any refund claim with respect to any
     Pre-Merger Tax Period. The Company further agrees to furnish timely, and
     to cause each of its subsidiaries to so furnish, New Holdings with any
     and all information reasonably requested by New Holdings in order to
     carry out the provisions of this Agreement. Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing sentence, the Company specifically agrees to
     provide to New Holdings promptly, but in any event within 10 days of
     receipt thereof, copies of any correspondence or notices received from
     the Internal Revenue Service or any other Taxing authority with respect
     to Taxes of the Affiliated Group for a Pre-Merger Tax Period. New
     Holdings agrees to furnish timely to the Company any and all information
     requested by the Company in order to carry out the provisions of this
     Agreement.
 
          6.  Refunds and Carrybacks; Carryforwards.  (a) Any refund or
     reduction of any Tax that results from any refund or carryback of a loss,
     credit or similar item of the Company arising from or attributable to a
     PreMerger Tax Period to a Taxable period beginning prior to the effective
     date of the Merger shall be for the account of New Holdings. The Company
     shall, promptly upon receipt by the Company, pay to New Holdings any such
     refund or reduction (whether payable pursuant to a Consolidated Return or
     not)
 
                                      E-3
<PAGE>
 
     together with any interest relating thereto at the Federal statutory rate
     used by the Internal Revenue Service or the relevant Taxing authority in
     computing the interest payable by or to it, regardless of whether such
     refund is attributable to a carryback, adjustment or any other factor.
     The Company's obligations under this Section 6(a) shall be limited to
     amounts (including interest) actually received by the Company with
     respect to such refund. A refund or reduction will be considered to have
     been received by the Company or its affiliate (i) to the extent that the
     amount of Taxes such person would be required to pay but for such refund
     or carryback is reduced, or the amount of a Tax refund such person would
     receive but for such refund or carryback is increased and (ii) at the
     time a Tax payment or refund referred to in clause (i) is actually paid
     or received, as the case may be, by the Company or its then existing
     affiliates. New Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries shall
     reimburse Company for any payment (including any expenses, interest or
     penalties related thereto) made by Company under this Section 6(a)
     promptly upon a determination that the refund or reduction to which such
     payment relates was erroneous.
 
          (b) Any refund or reduction of any Tax that results from any
     carryforward of a loss, credit or similar item of the Company from a
     Taxable period beginning prior to the effective date of the Merger to a
     Taxable period beginning on or after the effective date of the Merger
     shall be for the account of New Holdings. In the event the Company, USTNY
     or any subsidiary of the Company that was a member of the Affiliated
     Group for a Pre-Merger Tax Period carries forward such loss, credit or
     similar item from a Pre-Merger Tax Period to a taxable period ending
     after the date of the Merger, the Company shall pay to New Holdings the
     Tax benefit attributable to such carryforward as and when such Tax
     benefit is realized. In computing the amount of any such refund or
     reduction of Tax, the Company or its affiliate will be deemed to
     recognize all items of income, gain, loss, reduction or credit before
     recognizing any item so carried forward. A refund or reduction will be
     considered to have been received by the Company or its affiliate (i) to
     the extent that the amount of Taxes such person would be required to pay
     but for such carryforward is reduced, or the amount of a Tax refund such
     person would receive but for such carryforward is increased and (ii) at
     the time a Tax payment or refund referred to in clause (i) is actually
     paid or received, as the case may be, by the Company or its affiliates.
     Such amount shall be paid by the Company to New Holdings within five
     business days of a written request therefor by New Holdings, which
     request shall set forth in reasonable detail the computation of such
     amount and the date such Tax benefit was received. New Holdings and its
     direct and indirect subsidiaries shall reimburse Company for any payment
     (including any expenses, interest or penalties related thereto) made by
     Company under this Section 6(b) promptly upon a determination that the
     refund or reduction to which such payment relates was erroneous.
 
          (c) To the extent Parent reasonably determines that any refund or
     reduction received by Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries
     which is payable to New Holdings under this Section 6 is based on a
     position that is likely to be successfully challenged by Taxing
     authorities, Company shall have the right to require New Holdings to
     secure its reimbursement obligation in a manner and for a term reasonably
     satisfactory to Parent; provided, further, Company's obligations
     hereunder to pay such refund to New Holdings shall be conditioned upon
     the prior receipt of such security. Provided, however, if the amount
     Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries must pay to any Taxing
     authority with respect to any such refund or reduction exceeds the amount
     of security, if any, provided the Company pursuant to this Section 6(c),
     New Holdings shall pay such excess to the Company as provided in Sections
     6(a) or 6(b), as applicable.
 
          7.  Contests.  (a) Except as provided below, in the event that any
     deficiencies or refund claims arise with respect to a Tax liability of
     the Affiliated Group for a Pre-Merger Tax Period, New Holdings shall
     control all proceedings with respect thereto. In the event that any issue
     or issues are raised during such proceedings that may result, directly or
     indirectly, in deficiencies or refund claims related to Taxes that would
     be required to be paid by the Company pursuant to Section 1 hereof, both
     New Holdings and Parent agree and acknowledge that the contest of any
     such issue or issues shall be conducted jointly; provided, however, all
     major decisions regarding the conduct of such contest shall be made by
     Parent. New Holdings' right to indemnity hereunder shall be conditioned
     on New Holdings' compliance with
 
                                      E-4
<PAGE>
 
     Section 4 of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement except that New
     Holdings' shall be required to give notice to Parent under Section 4 of
     the Post Closing Covenants Agreement upon the receipt of oral or written
     notice by New Holdings from any governmental authority or agent thereof
     of an issue that may result in Taxes for which a claim for indemnity from
     Parent, Company or USTNY may be made under this Agreement.
 
          (b) New Holdings and the Company agree to cooperate in all
     reasonable respects with respect to Tax deficiencies or refund claims
     described in Sections 6(a) and (b), which cooperation shall include
     executing and filing such waivers, consents, forms, court petitions,
     refund claims, complaints, powers of attorney and other documents needed
     from time to time in order to defend, prosecute or resolve such
     deficiencies or claims.
 
          8.  Computations.  Other than determinations of whether there are
     any indemnity obligations under this Agreement, all computations or
     recomputations of Tax liability and all determinations, computations or
     recomputations of any amount or any payment (including, but not limited
     to, computations of the amount of the Tax liability, the amount or effect
     of any loss, credit or deduction, the effect of a Federal statutory Tax
     rate change for a Taxable year, and the amount of any interest, penalties
     or additions imposed with respect to any Tax) shall be prepared by New
     Holdings and submitted to Parent for its written approval. Any
     disagreement as to such computations after submission to the Parent by
     New Holdings shall be resolved by a nationally recognized accounting
     firm, with expertise in Tax, independent of each of the parties hereto.
     Without limiting the foregoing, New Holdings shall calculate the Taxable
     income of the Affiliated Group in accordance with the existing and
     historic methodology used by the Affiliated Group in calculating Taxable
     income of the Affiliated Group and submit such calculation to the Parent
     in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8.
 
          9.  Offsets.  No payment shall be required to be made by either
     party to the other pursuant to this Agreement to the extent that there is
     an amount then due and payable under this Agreement to the party that is
     to make such payment.
 
          10.  Assignment.  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
     interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole
     or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties
     without the prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the
     preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
     benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their
     respective successors and assigns.
 
          11.  Survival.  The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the
     effective date of the Merger and remain in full force until all periods
     of limitations, including any extensions or waiver periods, for all
     Taxable periods of the Company and New Holdings prior to or including the
     effective date of the Merger have expired.
 
          12.  Notices.  Any notices, payments or other communications
     required by this Agreement shall be made as provided in the Section 10 of
     the Post Closing Covenants Agreement; however, copies of such notices,
     payments or other communications shall, for both New Holdings and the
     Company, be sent to the attention of the Director of Taxes.
 
          13.  Governing Law.  The principles and provisions of Section 8.7 of
     the Merger Agreement shall apply to this Agreement.
 
          14.  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement (a) constitutes the entire
     agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both
     written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of
     this Agreement and (b) is not intended to confer upon any person other
     than the parties hereto any rights or remedies. The parties agree that to
     the extent the provisions of any other agreements executed in connection
     with the Spinoffs or the Merger are inconsistent with the provisions
     hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.
 
          15.  Counterparts.  The principles and provisions of Section 8.5 of
     the Merger Agreement shall apply to this Agreement.
 
                                      E-5
<PAGE>
 
          16.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement or the
     application of any such provision to any person or circumstances shall be
     held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of
     competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
     shall not affect any other provision hereof.
 
          17.  Headings.  Headings of sections in this Agreement are inserted
     for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or
     to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
          18.  Definitions.  Any capitalized term not defined in this
     Agreement shall have the meaning given to such term by the Contribution
     and Assumption Agreement, the Agreement and Plan of Distribution or the
     Merger Agreement.
 
                [Remainder Of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]
 
                                      E-6
<PAGE>
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written.
 
                                          U.S. TRUST CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                          THE CHASE MANHATTAN
                                            CORPORATION
 
                                          By:
                                          ------------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
 
                                      E-7
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX F
 
                                     CS  FIRST  BOSTON
                  (LOGO)
CS First Boston Corporation                                55 East 52nd Street
                                                       New York, NY 10055-0186
                                                        Telephone 212 909 2000
 
February 9, 1995
 
Board of Directors
U.S. Trust Corporation
114 West 47th Street
New York, NY 10036
 
Dear Members of the Board:
 
     We have acted as financial advisor to U.S. Trust Corporation (the
"Corporation") in connection with the proposed sale (the "Sale") of the unit
investment trust, mutual fund services and institutional asset services
divisions (the "Processing Business") to The Chase Manhattan Corporation
("Chase") pursuant to a Merger Agreement (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of
November 17, 1994, between the Corporation and Chase, for an aggregate
consideration of $363.5 million of Chase common stock, up to a maximum of
11,721,806 shares. You have asked us to advise you with respect to the
fairness to the Corporation, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration to be received by the shareholders of the Corporation in the
Sale.
 
     In arriving at our opinion, we have reviewed certain publicly available
financial information relating to the Corporation and Chase. We have also
reviewed certain other information, including financial forecasts, provided to
us by the management of the Corporation and have met with the Corporation's
senior management to discuss the business and prospects of the Processing
Business.
 
     We have also considered the financial terms of certain other comparable
transactions which have recently been effected and reviewed publicly available
financial and stock market data for companies providing data processing
services which we have compared to the financial data of the Processing
Business. We have also considered such other information, financial studies,
analysis and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria which
we deemed relevant.
 
     In connection with our review, we have not assumed any responsibility for
independent verification of any of the foregoing information and have relied
on its being complete and accurate in all material respects. With respect to
the financial forecasts, management of the Corporation has advised us, and we
have assumed, that they have been reasonably prepared, reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the Corporation's management as
to the future financial performance of the Processing Business. In addition,
we have not made an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets of the
Processing Business, nor have we been furnished with any such evaluations or
appraisals. Our opinion is necessarily based upon financial, economic, market
and other conditions as they exist on the date hereof. We are not expressing
any opinion as to what the value of the Chase common stock actually will be
when issued to the shareholders of the Corporation in connection with the Sale
or the prices at which such Chase common stock will trade subsequent to such
issuance. We have assumed, with your consent, that the Sale will be treated as
a tax-free transaction.
 
     We have acted as financial advisor to the Corporation in connection with
the Sale and will receive a fee for our services, which is contingent in part
upon the consummation of the Sale.
<PAGE>
 
     In the past, we have performed certain investment banking services for
Chase and have received customary fees for such services. In the ordinary
course of our business, we may actively trade the debt and equity securities
of the Corporation and Chase for our own account and for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.
 
     Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that as of the
date hereof, the consideration to be received in the Sale by the shareholders
of the Corporation is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view.
 
Very truly yours,
 
CS FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION
 
By: /s/ ROBERT M. BAYLIS
    --------------------------------------------------------
    Robert M. Baylis
    Vice Chairman
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX G
 
        SECTIONS 910 AND 623 OF THE NEW YORK BUSINESS CORPORATION LAW
 
     sec. 910. Right of shareholder to receive payment for shares upon merger
or consolidation, or sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of assets, or
share exchange.  (a) A shareholder of a domestic corporation shall, subject to
and by complying with section 623 (Procedure to enforce shareholder's right to
receive payment for shares), have the right to receive payment of the fair
value of his shares and the other rights and benefits provided by such
section, in the following cases:
 
     (1) Any shareholder entitled to vote who does not assent to the taking of
an action specified in subparagraphs (A), (B) and (C).
 
     (A) Any plan of merger or consolidation to which the corporation is a
party; except that the right to receive payment of the fair value of his
shares shall not be available:
 
     (i) To a shareholder of the parent corporation in a merger authorized by
section 905 (Merger of parent and subsidiary corporations), or paragraph (c)
of section 907 (Merger or consolidation of domestic and foreign corporations);
and
 
     (ii) To a shareholder of the surviving corporation in a merger authorized
by this article, other than a merger specified in subparagraph (i), unless
such merger effects one or more of the changes specified in subparagraph
(b)(6) of section 806 (Provisions as to certain proceedings) in the rights of
the shares held by such shareholder.
 
     (B) Any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of a corporation which requires shareholder
approval under section 909 (Sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of
assets) other than a transaction wholly for cash where the shareholders'
approval thereof is conditioned upon the dissolution of the corporation and
the distribution of substantially all of its net assets to the shareholders in
accordance with their respective interests within one year after the date of
such transaction.
 
     (C) Any share exchange authorized by section 913 in which the corporation
is participating as a subject corporation: except that the right to receive
payment of the fair value of his shares shall not be available to a
shareholder whose shares have not been acquired in the exchange.
 
     (2) Any shareholder of the subsidiary corporation in a merger authorized
by section 905 or paragraph (c) of section 907, or in a share exchange
authorized by paragraph (g) of section 913, who files with the corporation a
written notice of election to dissent as provided in paragraph (c) of section
623. (Last amended by L. 1991, Ch. 390, sec. 3.)
 
     sec. 623. Procedure to enforce shareholder's right to receive payment for
shares.--(a) A shareholder intending to enforce his right under a section of
this chapter to receive payment for his shares if the proposed corporate
action referred to therein is taken shall file with the corporation, before
the meeting of shareholders at which the action is submitted to a vote, or at
such meeting but before the vote, written objection to the action. The
objection shall include a notice of his election to dissent, his name and
residence address, the number and classes of shares as to which he dissents
and a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares if the action is
taken. Such objection is not required from any shareholder to whom the
corporation did not give notice of such meeting in accordance with this
chapter or where the proposed action is authorized by written consent of
shareholders without a meeting.
 
     (b) Within ten days after the shareholders' authorization date, which
term as used in this section means the date on which the shareholders' vote
authorizing such action was taken, or the date on which such consent without a
meeting was obtained from the requisite shareholders, the corporation shall
give written notice of such authorization or consent by registered mail to
each shareholder who filed written objection or from whom written objection
was not required, excepting any shareholder who voted for or consented in
writing to the proposed action and who thereby is deemed to have elected not
to enforce his right to receive payment for his shares.
 
                                      G-1
<PAGE>
 
     (c) Within twenty days after the giving of notice to him, any shareholder
from whom written objection was not required and who elects to dissent shall
file with the corporation a written notice of such election, stating his name
and residence address, the number and classes of shares as to which he
dissents and a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares. Any
shareholder who elects to dissent from a merger under section 905 (Merger of
subsidiary corporation) or paragraph (c) of section 907 (Merger or
consolidation of domestic and foreign corporations) or from a share exchange
under paragraph (g) of Section 913 (Share exchanges) shall file a written
notice of such election to dissent within twenty days after the giving to him
of a copy of the plan of merger or exchange or an outline of the material
features thereof under section 905 or 913.
 
     (d) A shareholder may not dissent as to less than all of the shares, as
to which he has a right to dissent, held by him of record, that he owns
beneficially. A nominee or fiduciary may not dissent on behalf of any
beneficial owner as to less than all of the shares of such owner, as to which
such nominee or fiduciary has a right to dissent, held of record by such
nominee or fiduciary.
 
     (e) Upon consummation of the corporate action, the shareholder shall
cease to have any of the rights of a shareholder except the right to be paid
the fair value of his shares and any other rights under this section. A notice
of election may be withdrawn by the shareholder at any time prior to his
acceptance in writing of an offer made by the corporation, as provided in
paragraph (g), but in no case later than sixty days from the date of
consummation of the corporate action except that if the corporation fails to
make a timely offer, as provided in paragraph (g), the time for withdrawing a
notice of election shall be extended until sixty days from the date an offer
is made. Upon expiration of such time, withdrawal of a notice of election
shall require the written consent of the corporation. In order to be
effective, withdrawal of a notice of election must be accompanied by the
return to the corporation of any advance payment made to the shareholder as
provided in paragraph (g). If a notice of election is withdrawn, or the
corporate action is rescinded, or a court shall determine that the shareholder
is not entitled to receive payment for his shares, or the shareholder shall
otherwise lose his dissenters' rights, he shall not have the right to receive
payment for his shares and he shall be reinstated to all his rights as a
shareholder as of the consummation of the corporate action, including any
intervening preemptive rights and the right to payment of any intervening
dividend or other distribution or, if any such rights have expired or any such
dividend or distribution other than in cash has been completed, in lieu
thereof, at the election of the corporation, the fair value thereof in cash as
determined by the board as of the time of such expiration or completion, but
without prejudice otherwise to any corporate proceedings that may have been
taken in the interim.
 
     (f) At the time of filing the notice of election to dissent or within one
month thereafter the shareholder of shares represented by certificates shall
submit the certificates representing his shares to the corporation, or to its
transfer agent, which shall forthwith note conspicuously thereon that a notice
of election has been filed and shall return the certificates to the
shareholder or other person who submitted them on his behalf. Any shareholder
of shares represented by certificates who fails to submit his certificates for
such notation as herein specified shall, at the option of the corporation
exercised by written notice to him within forty-five days from the date of
filing of such notice of election to dissent, lose his dissenter's rights
unless a court, for good cause shown, shall otherwise direct. Upon transfer of
a certificate bearing such notation, each new certificate issued therefor
shall bear a similar notation together with the name of the original
dissenting holder of the shares and a transferee shall acquire no rights in
the corporation except those which the original dissenting shareholder had at
the time of transfer.
 
     (g) Within fifteen days after the expiration of the period within which
shareholders may file their notices of election to dissent, or within fifteen
days after the proposed corporate action is consummated, whichever is later
(but in no case later than ninety days from the shareholders' authorization
date), the corporation or, in the case of a merger or consolidation, the
surviving or new corporation, shall make a written offer by registered mail to
each shareholder who has filed such notice of election to pay for his shares
at a specified price which the corporation considers to be their fair value.
Such offer shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the aggregate
number of shares with respect to which notices of election to dissent have
been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. If the
corporate action has been consummated, such offer shall also be accompanied by
(1) advance payment to each such shareholder who has submitted the
certificates representing his shares to the corporation, as provided in
paragraph (f), of an amount equal to eighty percent
 
                                      G-2
<PAGE>
 
of the amount of such offer, or (2) as to each shareholder who has not yet
submitted his certificates a statement that advance payment to him of an
amount equal to eighty percent of the amount of such offer will be made by the
corporation promptly upon submission of his certificates. If the corporate
action has not been consummated at the time of the making of the offer, such
advance payment or statement as to advance payment shall be sent to each
shareholder entitled thereto forthwith upon consummation of the corporate
action. Every advance payment or statement as to advance payment shall include
advice to the shareholder to the effect that acceptance of such payment does
not constitute a waiver of any dissenters' rights. If the corporate action has
not been consummated upon the expiration of the ninety day period after the
shareholders' authorization date, the offer may be conditioned upon the
consummation of such action. Such offer shall be made at the same price per
share to all dissenting shareholders of the same class, or if divided into
series, of the same series and shall be accompanied by a balance sheet of the
corporation whose share the dissenting shareholder holds as of the latest
available date, which shall not be earlier than twelve months before the
making of such offer, and a profit and loss statement or statements for not
less than a twelve-month period ended on the date of such balance sheet or, if
the corporation was not in existence throughout such twelve month period, for
the portion thereof during which it was in existence. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the corporation shall not be required to furnish a balance sheet or
profit and loss statement or statements to any shareholder to whom such
balance sheet or profit and loss statement or statements were previously
furnished, nor if in connection with obtaining the shareholders' authorization
for or consent to the proposed corporate action the shareholders were
furnished with a proxy or information statement, which included financial
statements, pursuant to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. If within thirty days after the making of
such offer, the corporation making the offer and any shareholder agree upon
the price to be paid for his shares, payment therefor shall be made within
sixty days after the making of such offer or the consummation of the proposed
corporate action, whichever is later, upon the surrender of the certificates
for any such shares represented by certificates.
 
     (h) The following procedure shall apply if the corporation fails to make
such offer within such period of fifteen days, or if it makes the offer and
any dissenting shareholder or shareholders fail to agree with it within the
period of thirty days thereafter upon the price to be paid for their shares.
 
     (1) The corporation shall, within twenty days after the expiration of
whichever is applicable of the two periods last mentioned, institute a special
proceeding in the supreme court in the judicial district in which the office
of the corporation is located to determine the rights of dissenting
shareholders and to fix the fair value of their shares. If, in the case of
merger or consolidation, the surviving or new corporation is a foreign
corporation without an office in this state, such proceeding shall be brought
in the county where the office of the domestic corporation, whose shares are
to be valued, was located.
 
     (2) If the corporation fails to institute such proceeding within such
period of twenty days, any dissenting shareholder may institute such
proceeding for the same purpose not later than thirty days after the
expiration of such twenty day period. If such proceeding is not instituted
within such thirty day period, all dissenter's rights shall be lost unless the
supreme court, for good cause shown, shall otherwise direct.
 
     (3) All dissenting shareholders, excepting those who, as provided in
paragraph (g), have agreed with the corporation upon the price to be paid for
their shares, shall be made parties to such proceeding, which shall have the
effect of an action quasi in rem against their shares. The corporation shall
serve a copy of the petition in such proceeding upon each dissenting
shareholder who is a resident of this state in the manner provided by law for
the service of a summons, and upon each nonresident dissenting shareholder
either by registered mail and publication, or in such other manner as is
permitted by law. The jurisdiction of the court shall be plenary and
exclusive.
 
     (4) The court shall determine whether each dissenting shareholder, as to
whom the corporation requests the court to make such determination, is
entitled to receive payment for his shares. If the corporation does not
request any such determination or if the court finds that any dissenting
shareholder is so entitled, it shall proceed to fix the value of the shares,
which, for the purposes of this section, shall be the fair value as of the
close of business on the day prior to the shareholders' authorization date. In
fixing the fair value of the shares, the court shall consider the nature of
the transaction giving rise to the shareholder's right to receive payment
 
                                      G-3
<PAGE>
 
for shares and its effects on the corporation and its shareholders, the
concepts and methods then customary in the relevant securities and financial
markets for determining fair value of shares of a corporation engaging in a
similar transaction under comparable circumstances and all other relevant
factors. The court shall determine the fair value of the shares without a jury
and without referral to an appraiser or referee. Upon application by the
corporation or by any shareholder who is a party to the proceeding, the court
may, in its discretion, permit pretrial disclosure, including, but not limited
to, disclosure of any expert's reports relating to the fair value of the
shares whether or not intended for use at the trial in the proceeding and not
withstanding subdivision (d) of section 3101 of the civil practice laws and
rules.
 
     (5) The final order in the proceeding shall be entered against the
corporation in favor of each dissenting shareholder who is a party to the
proceeding and is entitled thereto for the value of his shares so determined.
 
     (6) The final order shall include an allowance for interest at such rate
as the court finds to be equitable, from the date the corporate action was
consummated to the date of payment. In determining the rate of interest, the
court shall consider all relevant factors, including the rate of interest
which the corporation would have had to pay to borrow money during the
pendency of the proceeding. If the court finds that the refusal of any
shareholder to accept the corporate offer of payment for his shares was
arbitrary, vexatious or otherwise not in good faith, no interest shall be
allowed to him.
 
     (7) Each party to such proceeding shall bear its own costs and expenses,
including the fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts employed by
it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the court may, in its discretion, apportion
and assess all or any part of the costs, expenses and fees incurred by the
corporation against any or all of the dissenting shareholders who are parties
to the proceeding, including any who have withdrawn their notices of election
as provided in paragraph (e), if the court finds that their refusal to accept
the corporate offer was arbitrary, vexatious or otherwise not in good faith.
The court may, in its discretion, apportion and assess all or any part of the
costs, expenses and fees incurred by any or all of the dissenting shareholders
who are parties to the proceeding against the corporation if the court finds
any of the following: (A) that the fair value of the shares as determined
materially exceeds the amount which the corporation offered to pay; (B) that
no offer or required advance payment was made by the corporation; (C) that the
corporation failed to institute the special proceeding within the period
specified therefor; or (D) that the action of the corporation in complying
with its obligations as provided in this section was arbitrary, vexatious or
otherwise not in good faith. In making any determination as provided in clause
(A), the court may consider the dollar amount or the percentage, or both, by
which the fair value of the shares as determined exceeds the corporate offer.
 
     (8) Within sixty days after final determination of the proceedings, the
corporation shall pay to each dissenting shareholder the amount found to be
due him, upon surrender of the certificates for any such shares represented by
certificates.
 
     (i) Shares acquired by the corporation upon the payment of the agreed
value therefor or of the amount due under the final order, as provided in this
section, shall become treasury shares or be cancelled as provided in section
515 (Reacquired shares), except that, in the case of a merger or
consolidation, they may be held and disposed of as the plan of merger or
consolidation may otherwise provide.
 
     (j) No payment shall be made to a dissenting shareholder under this
section at a time when the corporation is insolvent or when such payment would
make it insolvent. In such event, the dissenting shareholder shall, at his
option:
 
     (1) Withdraw his notice of election, which shall in such event be deemed
withdrawn with the written consent of the corporation; or
 
     (2) Retain his status as a claimant against the corporation and, if it is
liquidated, be subordinated to the rights of creditors of the corporation, but
have rights superior to the non-dissenting shareholders, and if it is not
liquidated, retain his right to be paid for his shares, which right the
corporation shall be obliged to satisfy when the restrictions of this
paragraph do not apply.
 
                                      G-4
<PAGE>
 
     (3) The dissenting shareholder shall exercise such option under
subparagraph (1) or (2) by written notice filed with the corporation within
thirty days after the corporation has given him written notice that payment
for his shares cannot be made because of the restrictions of this paragraph.
If the dissenting shareholder fails to exercise such option as provided, the
corporation shall exercise the option by written notice given to him within
twenty days after the expiration of such period of thirty days.
 
     (k) The enforcement by a shareholder of his right to receive payment for
his shares in the manner provided herein shall exclude the enforcement by such
shareholder of any other right to which he might otherwise be entitled by
virtue of share ownership, except as provided in paragraph (e), and except
that this section shall not exclude the right of such shareholder to bring or
maintain an appropriate action to obtain relief on the ground that such
corporate action will be or is unlawful or fraudulent as to him.
 
     (l) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this section, any notice to
be given by a corporation to a shareholder under this section shall be given
in the manner provided in section 605 (Notice of meetings of shareholders).
 
     (m) This section shall not apply to foreign corporations except as
provided in subparagraph (e)(2) of section 907 (Merger or consolidation of
domestic and foreign corporations). (Last amended by L. 1986, Ch 117, sec. 3.)
 
                                      G-5
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX H
 
                      INFORMATION STATEMENT RELATING TO
 
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
                             AND THE DISTRIBUTION
 
                                 INTRODUCTION
 
     This Information Statement is being furnished to stockholders of U.S.
Trust Corporation, a New York corporation ("UST"), in connection with the
contemplated pro rata distribution (the "Distribution") to UST stockholders of
shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share ("Company Common Stock"), of
New USTC Holdings Corporation, a New York corporation and wholly owned
subsidiary of UST (the "Company"). The holders of UST common stock, par value
$1.00 per share ("UST Common Stock"), will receive one share of Company Common
Stock with respect to each share of UST Common Stock held by such holder on
the record date for the Distribution (the "Distribution Record Date"). The
Distribution will result in 100% of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock being distributed to UST stockholders on a share-for-share basis. The
Distribution is being effected by UST in connection with the acquisition by
The Chase Manhattan Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Chase"), of UST's
securities processing business and related back office operations, including
the assets and certain liabilities related thereto (the "Chase Acquired
Business"), pursuant to a merger (the "Merger") of UST with and into Chase
following the Distribution.
 
     At the time of the Distribution, the Company will own all of UST's
businesses, assets and liabilities, other than the Chase Acquired Business
(collectively, the "Core Businesses"). Immediately prior to the time the
Distribution is effected (the "Time of Distribution"), the Core Businesses,
which include UST's asset management, private banking, special fiduciary,
corporate trust and other non-processing businesses, will be transferred to
the Company by UST in accordance with (i) the Contribution and Assumption
Agreement to be entered into prior to the Time of Distribution between United
States Trust Company of New York, a New York bank and trust company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of UST ("USTNY"), and New U.S. Trust Company of New
York, a recently organized entity that at the Time of Distribution will be a
New York bank and trust company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
("New Trustco"), the form of which is an Exhibit to the Company Form 10 (as
defined below) of which this Information Statement forms a part and which is
attached as Appendix C to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus (the "Proxy
Statement-Prospectus") filed by UST and Chase in connection with the
Distribution and the Merger (as such form may be amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the "Contribution Agreement"), and (ii)
the Agreement and Plan of Distribution to be entered into prior to the
Distribution between UST and the Company, the form of which is an Exhibit to
the Company Form 10 and which is attached as Appendix B to the Proxy
Statement-Prospectus (as such form may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the "Distribution Agreement"). This Information
Statement is attached as Appendix H to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus. See
"The Company".
 
     No consideration will be paid by UST stockholders for the shares of
Company Common Stock to be received by them in the Distribution. There is
currently no public trading market for the shares of Company Common Stock. The
Company intends to apply for designation of the Company Common Stock as a
national market security on the NASDAQ National Market System (the "National
Market System").
 
     The Distribution has not yet been declared by the UST Board of Directors
(the "UST Board"), and, accordingly, the Distribution Record Date has not yet
been determined. The Distribution is conditioned on, among other things, the
satisfaction of all conditions (other than consummation of the Distribution)
to the parties' obligations to consummate the Merger provided for in the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 18, 1994 (as it may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Merger
Agreement"), among UST and Chase, which is attached as Appendix A to the Proxy
Statement-Prospectus to which this Information Statement is attached as
Appendix H. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Distribution
Agreement -- Conditions to the Distribution". Also see "The
Merger -- Conditions" in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus to which this
Information Statement is attached as Appendix H.
 
     The Company has filed a Registration Statement on Form 10 (including
exhibits and amendments thereto, the "Company Form 10") pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), covering
shares of Company Common Stock to be received by UST stockholders in the
Distribution. This Information Statement constitutes both Appendix H to the
Proxy Statement-Prospectus and a part of the Company Form 10.
 
         The date of this Information Statement is February 9, 1995.

                                      H-1
<PAGE>
<TABLE> 
                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
<S>                                     <C>        <C>                                     <C>  
INTRODUCTION.........................    H-1       NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED
SUMMARY..............................    H-3         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...............   H-37
  The Company........................    H-3       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA..............   H-41
  The Transactions...................    H-3       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
  The Distribution...................    H-4         OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
SPECIAL FACTORS......................    H-7         OF OPERATIONS......................   H-42
  Business To Be Conducted by the
     Company.........................    H-7         Results of Operations..............   H-42
  Dividends and Dividend Policy......    H-7         Financial Condition................   H-54
  Relationship with Chase; Reliance
     on Services Agreement...........    H-7         Asset Quality......................   H-59
  Absence of Trading Market..........    H-8         Accounting Standards Not Yet
  Lack of Historical Information.....    H-8            Adopted.........................   H-60
  Reliance on Key Personnel..........    H-8       RECENT DEVELOPMENTS..................   H-61
  Competition........................    H-8       MANAGEMENT...........................   H-65
  Government Monetary Policies.......    H-8         Directors..........................   H-65
  Bank Holding Company Act of 1956...    H-9         Committees of the Board of
  Other Federal and State Banking                       Directors.......................   H-68
     Regulation......................    H-9         Compensation of Directors..........   H-69
  Substantial Stockholders; Certain                  Executive Officers.................   H-70
     Charter Provisions..............   H-10         Executive Compensation.............   H-71
THE COMPANY..........................   H-11       BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP.................   H-73
  General............................   H-11       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS IN
  Regulatory Matters.................   H-13         EFFECT AFTER THE DISTRIBUTION......   H-75
  Future Conduct of the Business.....   H-16         Retirement Benefits................   H-76
  Employees..........................   H-16         401(k) Plan and ESOP...............   H-77
  Properties.........................   H-17         Annual Incentive Awards............   H-78
  Legal Matters......................   H-17         New Stock Options..................   H-78
THE DISTRIBUTION.....................   H-17         Other Features of Stock Plan and
  Background of and Reasons for the                     Predecessor Performance Plans...   H-79
     Distribution....................   H-18         Executive Deferred Compensation
  Terms of the Contribution                             Plan............................   H-82
     Agreement.......................   H-19         Change in Control Provisions.......   H-82
  Terms of the Distribution
     Agreement.......................   H-22         Benefit Protection Trusts..........   H-83
  Terms of the Post Closing Covenants              DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF THE
     Agreement.......................   H-24         COMPANY............................   H-84
  Terms of the Tax Allocation                        Authorized Capital Stock...........   H-84
     Agreement.......................   H-28         Company Common Stock...............   H-84
  Certain Federal Income Tax                         Preferred Stock....................   H-85
     Consequences....................   H-28         Stockholders Rights Plan...........   H-85
RELATIONSHIP WITH CHASE..............   H-28         No Preemptive Rights...............   H-88
  Post Closing Covenants Agreement;                  Description of Certain Statutory,
     Tax Allocation Agreement........   H-28            Charter and Bylaw Provisions....   H-89
  Services Agreement.................   H-29         Indemnification and Insurance......   H-90
LISTING AND TRADING OF COMPANY COMMON              ADDITIONAL INFORMATION...............   H-91
  STOCK..............................   H-30       INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS...............   H-92
CAPITALIZATION.......................   H-31       APPENDIX I -- RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL                        INCORPORATION OF NEW USTC HOLDINGS
  STATEMENTS.........................   H-32         CORPORATION........................    I-1
PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF                   APPENDIX II -- RESTATED BY-LAWS OF
  CONDITION..........................   H-33         NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION......   II-1
PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF
  INCOME.............................   H-34
PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF
  AVERAGE BALANCES...................   H-36
<PAGE>
</TABLE>
                                      H-2
<PAGE>
 
                                   SUMMARY
 
     The following summarizes certain information contained elsewhere in this
Information Statement. Reference is made to, and this Summary is qualified in
its entirety by, the more detailed information included elsewhere in this
Information Statement, which should be read in its entirety. This Information
Statement is a part of the Company Form 10 and is attached as Appendix H to
the Proxy Statement-Prospectus dated February 9, 1995, of UST and Chase
relating to the Merger of UST with and into Chase, with Chase as the surviving
entity. See "Summary -- The Transactions" below. The Company did not
participate in the preparation of the Proxy Statement-Prospectus, and does not
have independent knowledge of the matters set forth therein, except to the
extent the Proxy Statement-Prospectus contains excerpts from this Information
Statement without material change. Immediately prior to the Distribution
described herein, the Company expects to effect a recapitalization pursuant to
which the 100 shares of common stock of the Company currently outstanding will
be exchanged for a total number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to the
total number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding as of the Distribution
Record Date. See "Description of the Capital Stock of the Company". Based on
the number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding on February 1, 1995 (and
assuming the exercise of stock options for 132,691 shares of UST Common Stock
prior to the Time of Distribution), it is estimated that approximately
9,622,000 shares of Company Common Stock will be distributed to UST
stockholders in the Distribution. An Index of Defined Terms used herein is
included at page 92 of this Information Statement.
 
     For financial reporting purposes, the Company is a "successor registrant"
to UST and, as a result, all historical financial information of the Company
included in this Information Statement is the historical financial information
of UST. See "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements" for pro forma financial
statements for the Company giving effect to the disposition of the Chase
Acquired Business pursuant to the Distribution and the Merger.
 
                                 The Company
 
     The Company is a newly formed New York corporation that at the Time of
Distribution will be a bank holding company. At the Time of Distribution, the
Company's businesses, assets and liabilities will consist of the Core
Businesses, which include UST's asset management, private banking, special
fiduciary and corporate trust businesses. The Company will conduct the Core
Businesses primarily through New Trustco, a recently organized entity that at
the Time of Distribution will be a New York bank and trust company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company was organized in New York
in January 1995. The mailing address of the Company's principal executive
offices is 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York 10036. See "The Company".
 
                               The Transactions
 
     The Company is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of UST. UST has
entered into the Merger Agreement whereby, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein, UST (which will then hold only the Chase
Acquired Business) will be merged with and into Chase, with Chase as the
surviving entity. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Core Businesses will be
transferred to the Company and subsidiaries of the Company (the "Internal
Reorganization"), and all the then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
will be distributed to the then current stockholders of UST in the
Distribution on the basis of one share of Company Common Stock for each share
of UST Common Stock. See "The Distribution". At the Time of Distribution, the
Company will assume the name "U.S. Trust Corporation" and its then principal
subsidiary, New Trustco, will assume the name "United States Trust Company of
New York". As a consequence of the Merger, the Chase Acquired Business will be
owned by Chase. Accordingly, UST stockholders immediately prior to the Merger
will retain their proportionate equity interests in UST's Core Businesses in
the form of stock in the Company, which will acquire the Core Businesses prior
to the Distribution.

                                      H-3
<PAGE>
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger
(the "Effective Time") each issued and outstanding share of UST Common Stock
(other than any shares of UST Common Stock owned by Chase or any wholly owned
subsidiary of Chase or UST (other than in a fiduciary, custodial or similar
capacity) or any shares held by stockholders of UST who perfect their right,
under New York law, to dissent to the Merger) will be converted into the right
to receive Chase common stock, par value $2.00 per share ("Chase Common
Stock"), as described under "The Merger -- Terms of the Merger" in the Proxy
Statement-Prospectus.
 
     Each of Chase, UST and USTNY, on the one hand, and the Company and New
Trustco, on the other hand, will agree, pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants
Agreement to be entered into prior to the Distribution by such parties, the
form of which is filed as an Exhibit to the Company Form 10 and which is
attached as Appendix D to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus (as such form may be
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Post
Closing Covenants Agreement"), to indemnify each other after the Distribution
with respect to certain losses, damages, claims and liabilities arising
primarily from the conduct of the Chase Acquired Business. See "The
Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement". In addition,
each of UST and the Company will agree, pursuant to the Tax Allocation
Agreement to be entered into prior to the Distribution between Chase, UST and
the Company, the form of which is filed as an Exhibit to the Company Form 10
and which is attached as Appendix E to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus (as such
form may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
"Tax Allocation Agreement"), to indemnify the other against certain tax
liabilities. The Contribution Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the Post
Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation Agreement, which are
Exhibits to the Company Form 10 and are attached as Appendix B through
Appendix E to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus, are referred to collectively
herein as, the "Distribution Documents".
 
     The foregoing is a brief summary of certain terms of the Distribution.
The Distribution Documents are more fully described herein under "The
Distribution". A description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement may be
found in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus to which this Information Statement is
attached as Appendix H.
 
                               The Distribution
 
Distributing Company.....    UST
 
Securities to be
Distributed..............    All the outstanding shares of Company Common
                             Stock. Based on the number of shares of UST
                             Common Stock outstanding as of February 1, 1995
                             (and assuming the exercise of stock options for
                             132,691 shares of UST Common Stock prior to the
                             Time of Distribution), it is estimated that
                             approximately 9,622,000 shares of Company Common
                             Stock will be distributed to UST stockholders in
                             the Distribution. See "Distribution Ratio"
                             immediately below.
 
Distribution Ratio.......    One share of Company Common Stock for each share
                             of UST Common Stock outstanding on the
                             Distribution Record Date.
 
Time of Distribution.....    The Distribution is expected to be effective
                             immediately prior to the Effective Time. Stock
                             certificates for shares of Company Common Stock
                             will be mailed as soon as practicable after the
                             Time of Distribution. See "The
                             Distribution -- Terms of the Distribution
                             Agreement -- Method of Effecting the
                             Distribution".
 
Distribution Record
Date.....................    It is expected that the Distribution Record Date
                             will be established as the date on which the Time
                             of Distribution occurs.
 
                                      H-4
<PAGE>
 
Trading Market...........    The Company expects to apply for designation of
                             the Company Common Stock as a national market
                             security on the National Market System. See
                             "Listing and Trading of Company Common Stock".
 
Conditions to
Distribution.............    Consummation of the Distribution is subject to
                             the conditions set forth in the Distribution
                             Agreement. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the
                             Distribution Agreement -- Conditions to the
                             Distribution".
 
Tax Consequences.........    It is a condition to the Distribution that UST
                             receive a private letter ruling (the "Private
                             Letter Ruling") from the Internal Revenue Service
                             (the "Service"), reasonably satisfactory in form
                             and substance to UST and Chase, that, among other
                             things, the receipt of Company Common Stock by
                             UST stockholders pursuant to the Distribution
                             will be tax free for Federal income tax purposes.
                             See "The Distribution -- Certain Federal Income
                             Tax Consequences".
 
Dividends After the
  Distribution...........    As a bank holding company, the Company will be
                             dependent upon distributions from its
                             subsidiaries in order to pay cash dividends.
                             Because New Trustco will be a newly organized
                             bank subsidiary of the Company, it is not
                             anticipated that it will be able to pay dividends
                             other than out of its earnings in respect of
                             periods after the Time of Distribution. Federal
                             and state regulatory agencies also have the
                             authority to limit further the Company's banking
                             subsidiaries' payment of dividends based on other
                             factors, such as the maintenance of adequate
                             capital for such banking subsidiaries. The
                             Company currently anticipates that its annual
                             cash dividend will be approximately $1.00 per
                             share. The timing and amount of any future
                             dividends, however, will depend on circumstances
                             existing at the time, including earnings, cash
                             requirements, applicable federal and state laws
                             and regulations and policies and other factors
                             deemed relevant by the Company's Board of
                             Directors (the "Company Board"), including the
                             amount of dividends payable to the Company by its
                             subsidiary banks. See "Special
                             Factors -- Dividends and Dividend Policy".
 
Certain Provisions of the
  Company's Charter and
  Bylaws.................    Certain provisions of the Company's Certificate
                             of Incorporation, as it is anticipated to be
                             amended and restated prior to the Distribution
                             substantially as set forth in the form of the
                             Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
                             Company attached to this Information Statement as
                             Appendix I (as so amended and restated, the
                             "Restated Certificate"), and the Company's
                             Bylaws, as they are anticipated to be amended and
                             restated prior to the Distribution substantially
                             as set forth in the form of the Restated Bylaws
                             of the Company attached to this Information
                             Statement as Appendix II (as so amended and
                             restated, the "Restated Bylaws"), may be deemed
                             to have the effect of making difficult an
                             acquisition of control of the Company in a
                             transaction not approved by the Company Board.
                             See "Special Factors -- Substantial Stockholders;
                             Certain Charter Provisions" and "Description of
                             Capital Stock of the Company -- Description of
                             Certain Statutory, Charter and Bylaw Provisions".
 
Relationship with Chase
After the Distribution...    In the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Chase,
                             UST and USTNY, on the one hand, and the Company
                             and New Trustco, on the other hand, will agree to
                             certain indemnification provisions arising
                             primarily from the conduct of the Chase Acquired
                             Business. The Company also will agree
 
                                      H-5
<PAGE>
 
                             to abide by certain noncompetition provisions
                             relating to competing with Chase in the
                             securities processing business. In addition, at
                             the Time of Distribution, New Trustco will enter
                             into a services agreement (the "Services
                             Agreement") with a subsidiary of Chase pursuant
                             to which such subsidiary will agree to furnish
                             necessary securities processing, custodial, data
                             processing and other services to New Trustco and
                             its affiliates. See "Special
                             Factors -- Relationship with Chase; Reliance on
                             Services Agreement", "The Distribution -- Terms
                             of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement" and
                             "Relationship with Chase".
 
Special Factors..........    Stockholders should carefully consider the
                             matters discussed under the section entitled
                             "Special Factors" in this Information Statement.
 
                                      H-6
<PAGE>
 
                               SPECIAL FACTORS
 
Business To Be Conducted by the Company
 
     Immediately prior to the Time of Distribution, the Core Businesses will
be transferred to, and will comprise all of the businesses, assets and
liabilities of, the Company. The businesses, assets and liabilities of the
Company will not include the Chase Acquired Business, which accounted for
approximately $113.9 million, or 37%, of UST's consolidated revenues for the
nine months ended September 30, 1994. As a result, the Company will be
substantially smaller than UST and will derive its revenues from a less
diverse group of businesses and assets. While the Company intends to pursue
strategies to expand its businesses, there can be no assurance that the
Company will be successful in implementing such strategies or that, if
implemented, such strategies will result in the growth of the Company's
businesses.
 
Dividends and Dividend Policy
 
     As a bank holding company, the Company will be dependent upon
distributions from its subsidiaries in order to pay cash dividends. Because
New Trustco will be a newly organized bank subsidiary of the Company, it is
not anticipated that it will be able to pay dividends other than out of its
earnings in respect of periods after the Time of Distribution. Federal and
state regulatory agencies also have the authority to limit further the
Company's banking subsidiaries' payment of dividends based on other factors,
such as the maintenance of adequate capital for such banking subsidiaries. The
Company currently anticipates that its annual cash dividend will be
approximately $1.00 per share. The timing and amount of any future dividends,
however, will depend on circumstances existing at the time, including
earnings, cash requirements, applicable federal and state laws and regulations
and policies and other factors deemed relevant by the Company Board, including
the amount of dividends payable to the Company by its subsidiary banks.
 
Relationship with Chase; Reliance on Services Agreement
 
     In the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation Agreement,
Chase, UST and USTNY, on the one hand, and the Company and New Trustco, on the
other hand, will agree to indemnify each other after the Distribution with
respect to certain losses, damages, claims and liabilities arising primarily
from the conduct of the Chase Acquired Business, as well as certain tax
liabilities. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants
Agreement" and "-- Terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement". In addition, the
Company has agreed, pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, for a
period of four years after the Effective Time, not to engage in, or compete
with Chase with respect to, the securities processing business, subject to
certain limited exceptions. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement -- The Company's Noncompetition Agreement".
 
     As part of the Merger, Chase will acquire UST's related back office
operations. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Chase's principal bank
subsidiary and New Trustco will enter into the Services Agreement pursuant to
which such subsidiary will furnish necessary securities processing, custodial,
data processing and other services to New Trustco and its affiliates. The
initial term of the Services Agreement will be for five years beginning on the
date of consummation of the Merger (the "Closing Date"), with certain renewal
options. In consideration of the services provided to it under the Services
Agreement, during the initial term, New Trustco will pay to Chase's subsidiary
an annual base fee of $10 million, which is significantly less than New
Trustco's estimate of the annual cost of providing such services to itself.
See "Relationship with Chase".
 
     The Company will have minimal securities processing or back office
capabilities and will rely entirely on Chase to provide such services under
the Services Agreement, including bank processing services for the Company's
private banking clients and custodial and processing services for the
Company's asset and investment management clients. The Company's goodwill and
its relationship with its clients and customers could be adversely affected by
any failure or inability of Chase to provide the level of services required by
the Services Agreement.
 
                                      H-7
<PAGE>
 
Absence of Trading Market
 
     There is no existing trading market for the Company Common Stock and
there can be no assurance as to the establishment or continuity of any such
market. The Company expects to apply for designation of the Company Common
Stock as a national market security on the National Market System and such
listing, or listing on the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock
Exchange, is a condition to consummation of the Distribution. However, there
can be no assurance as to the price at which the Company Common Stock will
trade or that such price will not be significantly below the book value per
share of the Company Common Stock.
 
Lack of Historical Information
 
     The Company is a newly formed corporation that currently has no
operations. Immediately prior to the Time of Distribution, the businesses,
assets and liabilities of the Company will consist solely of the Core
Businesses. For financial reporting purposes, the Company is a "successor
registrant" to UST and, as a result, the historical financial information of
the Company is the historical financial information of UST. There is no
historical information for the Company on a stand-alone basis that excludes
the financial results of the Chase Acquired Business. The Company expects to
begin reporting such information commencing with its quarterly report for the
fiscal quarter ending June 30, 1995.
 
Reliance on Key Personnel
 
     The Company's business is managed by key executive officers, the loss of
whom could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company believes
that its continued success will depend in large part on its ability to attract
and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. The Company's management
has principal responsibility for the review of the Company's strategic plan
and for recommendations to the Company Board, which exercises final authority
over major business decisions. Therefore, the Company is dependent upon the
ability of its management to select what it believes are appropriate business
opportunities (including acquisitions) for the Company. In the event that any
officers or directors of the Company cease to be associated with the Company,
the Company will seek to find a qualified person or persons to fill their
positions. There can, however, be no assurance that such individuals could be
engaged by the Company. See "Management".
 
Competition
 
     The Company's asset management and private banking businesses will
compete with investment counselling firms and with investment bankers and
brokers which offer advisory services and, to some extent, with mutual funds.
The trust and agency business is also highly competitive. Many commercial
banks, with larger capitalizations and deposits, and several smaller
specialized banks throughout the country provide similar fiduciary services.
 
     In both its private banking and its corporate trust activities, the
Company will operate in an intensely competitive environment, both as to
service and price, with other banks principally in the New York metropolitan
area, California, Florida, Texas and the Pacific Northwest.
 
Government Monetary Policies
 
     Monetary authorities have a significant impact on the operating results
of the Company and other financial service institutions. The decisions of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Board of Governors")
affect the supply of money and member bank reserves by means of open market
operations in U.S. Government securities or by changes in the discount rate or
reserve requirements. The Board of Governors' actions have an important
influence on the growth of bank loans and investments and the level of
interest charged for loans and paid on deposits. Because of changing
conditions in the money markets, as a result of actions by the Board of
Governors and other regulatory authorities, interest rates, credit
availability, deposit levels and bond and stock prices may change materially
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Company.
 
                                      H-8
<PAGE>
 
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956
 
     At the Time of Distribution, the Company will be a bank holding company
within the meaning of the Federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the "Bank Holding Company Act"), and will be so registered with the Board of
Governors. As such, the Company will be required to file with the Board of
Governors annual reports and other information and is subject to examination
regarding its business operations and those of its subsidiaries. Further, a
bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in
certain tie-in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit or
provision of any property or service.
 
     The Bank Holding Company Act requires every bank holding company to
obtain the prior approval of the Board of Governors before acquiring
substantially all the assets of any bank or before acquiring direct or
indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any bank
which is not already majority-owned. Until September 29, 1995, the Bank
Holding Company Act prohibits the acquisition by a bank holding company of
shares of a bank located outside the state in which the operations of its
banking subsidiaries are principally conducted, unless such an acquisition is
specifically authorized by a statute of the state in which the bank to be
acquired is located. The Bank Holding Company Act also prohibits a bank
holding company, with certain exceptions, from acquiring more than 5% of the
voting shares of any company which is not a bank and from engaging in any
business other than banking or managing or controlling banks or furnishing
services to or performing services for its subsidiary banks. One of the
exceptions to this prohibition is engaging in, or acquiring shares of a
company that engages in, activities which the Board of Governors has
determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling
banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Under current regulations, bank
holding companies and their subsidiaries are permitted to engage in such
banking and banking-related businesses as equipment leasing, computer service
bureau operations, acting as investment or financial adviser, performing
fiduciary, agency and custodial services, certain types of real estate
financing and providing management consulting advice to non-affiliated banks.
 
     In approving acquisitions by bank holding companies of banks and
companies engaged in banking-related activities, the Board of Governors
considers a number of factors, including the expected benefits to the public
such as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency, as
weighed against the risks or possible adverse effects such as undue
concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of
interest or unsound banking practices. The Board of Governors is also
empowered to differentiate between activities commenced de novo and activities
commenced through acquisition of a going concern. The Board of Governors may
order a bank holding company to terminate any activity or its ownership or
control of a nonbank subsidiary if the Board of Governors finds that such
activity or ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial
safety, soundness or stability of a subsidiary bank and is inconsistent with
sound banking principles or statutory purposes.
 
Other Federal and State Banking Regulation
 
     The Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York has the discretion
to examine the affairs of the Company for the purpose of determining the
financial condition of New Trustco. Prior to the Time of Distribution, New
Trustco and its operations will be subject to Federal and New York State laws
applicable to commercial banks and trust companies and to regulation and
examination by both Federal and New York banking authorities. Government
regulations affecting New Trustco and its operations will include minimum
capital requirements, the requirement to maintain reserves against deposits,
restrictions on the nature and amount of loans which may be made by New
Trustco and restrictions relating to investments and other activities.
 
     New York banks are barred from acting as a fiduciary in a number of
states, and in a number of other states where they may and do act as a
fiduciary, their activities are limited by state law and regulations.
 
     The Company, through its ownership of a savings bank in Florida, will be
a savings bank holding company. Accordingly, the Company and such savings bank
will be subject to regulation and examination by the Office of Thrift
Supervision. The banking institutions that will be subsidiaries of the Company
in California and Texas are subject to regulation and examination by the
Office of the Comptroller of the
 
                                      H-9
<PAGE>
 
Currency. The banking institution that will be the Company's New Jersey
subsidiary is subject to regulation and examination by the Banking Department
of the State of New Jersey. The banking institution that will be the Company's
Oregon subsidiary is subject to regulation and examination by the Division of
Finance and Corporate Securities of the State of Oregon.
 
     The Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act impose
certain restrictions on loans by the bank subsidiaries to the Company and each
other. In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to
restrictions imposed by the Banking Act of 1933 with respect to engaging in
certain aspects of the securities business.
 
Substantial Stockholders; Certain Charter Provisions
 
     Immediately following the Distribution, directors and executive officers
of the Company will (assuming the exercise of stock options for 67,975 shares
of UST Common Stock prior to the Time of Distribution) beneficially own shares
of Company Common Stock representing over 3.1% of the voting power of all the
Company's then outstanding voting securities. In addition, immediately
following the Distribution, the 401(k) Plan and ESOP of United States Trust
Company of New York and Affiliated Companies (the "401(k) Plan and ESOP") will
beneficially own shares of Company Common Stock representing over 14.5% of the
voting power of all the Company's then outstanding voting securities. In
addition, following the Merger, the 401(k) Plan and ESOP will, over a period
of time, sell shares of Chase Common Stock it receives in connection with the
Merger, and will purchase shares of Company Common Stock in the open market
with the proceeds from the sale of such shares. See "Beneficial Ownership".
 
     Certain provisions of the Restated Certificate and the Restated Bylaws
may be deemed to have the effect of making difficult an acquisition of control
of the Company in a transaction not approved by the Company Board. These
provisions include the ability of the Company Board to issue shares of
preferred stock in one or more series without further authorization of the
Company stockholders and certain other provisions described under "Description
of Capital Stock of the Company". Many of these provisions are also present in
UST's certificate of incorporation and bylaws as currently in effect, and
generally are designed to permit the Company to develop its businesses and
foster its long-term growth without the disruption caused by the threat of a
takeover not deemed by the Company Board to be in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. These provisions may also have the effect of
discouraging a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting
to obtain control of the Company even though such a transaction might be
economically beneficial to the Company and its stockholders. Furthermore, the
Company intends, in connection with the Distribution, to adopt a stockholder
rights plan, which may have a similar effect. See "Description of Capital
Stock of the Company -- Stockholder Rights Plan".
 
                                     H-10
<PAGE>
 
                                 THE COMPANY
 
General
 
     The Company is a newly formed New York corporation that at the Time of
Distribution will be a bank holding company. At the Time of Distribution, the
Company will own the Core Businesses, which include UST's asset management,
private banking, special fiduciary and corporate trust businesses. The Company
will conduct the Core Businesses primarily through New Trustco, a recently
organized entity that at the Time of Distribution will be a New York bank and
trust company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
 
     The Company was organized in New York in January 1995 and, pursuant to an
exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the "Securities Act"), issued 100 shares of common stock, par
value $1.00 per share, to UST on January 23, 1995 for par value. The Company
is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of UST.
 
     Set forth below is a description of UST's businesses that will be
transferred to the Company immediately prior to the Time of Distribution.
 
     Asset Management and Private Banking
 
     UST's principal business is providing asset management services to
individuals, families and institutions and private banking.
 
     In the personal asset management and private banking business, UST's
primary focus is the top 2% wealthiest Americans, those with over $200,000 in
income or $450,000 in investable assets. UST believes (based on syndicated
market research studies conducted by Payment Systems, Inc., an independent
research firm) that this market is growing at 14% to 20% annually and that
less than one-third of the assets in this market are professionally managed.
The personal asset management and private banking business is highly
competitive and comprised of a wide variety of institutions vying for
business, including banking institutions, brokerage firms, investment
management companies and mutual fund companies. No one competitor dominates
this market. UST believes that it differentiates itself from its competitors
by providing both investment management and comprehensive wealth management
services. UST's full range of investment management services for the affluent
includes U.S. and international equities, fixed-income, balanced portfolios,
alternative investments, mutual funds and 401(k) plans. UST also provides
private banking, trust and fiduciary services, estate and tax planning,
financial planning, custody, insurance services and consolidated record
keeping.
 
     UST has divided its personal market into three segments and tailored its
products and service delivery to each. Its primary market consists of
individuals with $2 million to $50 million in assets. Investment portfolios
for this market segment are generally individually managed and require the use
of a number of UST's services. UST is currently expanding its line of products
for this market segment by adding a variable annuity product and a venture
capital fund.
 
     For the second segment of UST's personal market -- those customers with
$250,000 to $2 million in assets -- UST provides investment management
services, principally through the "UST Master Fund" family of 25 mutual funds.
UST's "Wealth Management Account" assets now total over $600 million with an
average account balance size of $650,000. UST's private banking services are
also responsible for attracting this portion of UST's market, comprised of
generally younger, earned wealth customers whose assets are expected to grow
over time.
 
     The third segment of UST's personal market includes families with over
$50 million in assets. UST currently serves well over 100 such families. To
help meet the increasingly sophisticated and complex needs of these families,
UST acquired CTC Consulting, Inc. ("CTC") in July of 1993. CTC provides
independent counseling on investment policy, manager selection and performance
measurement. UST offers an enhanced master custody product for this market, as
well as specialized consulting services for family-owned businesses. UST has
also expanded its family office capabilities to serve clients in this market.
 
                                     H-11
<PAGE>
 
     A major strategic goal of UST's personal asset management and private
banking business for over a decade has been national expansion. Personal asset
management and private banking clients usually require service to be provided
at the local level. Expanding beyond its New York City headquarters to meet
these demands, UST has established offices nationwide in areas UST believes
are comprised of concentrated wealth: California, Connecticut, Florida, New
Jersey, Texas and the Pacific Northwest. UST's future goals include expansion
in those regions where UST currently provides asset management services and in
other areas of wealth concentration and creation.
 
     UST's institutional asset management business provides a wide range of
investment management services directly to institutional clients: domestic and
international equity, fixed-income, money market and balanced portfolios, as
well as structured investments, index funds, alternative investments and cash
management.
 
     UST has placed increased emphasis on the sales effort supporting the
personal asset management business, including in recent years a three-fold
increase in the size of its sales force and the implementation a decade ago of
a generous sales incentive program for all employees. In addition, UST
possesses a dedicated sales force committed to the institutional asset
management business.
 
     UST believes providing its investment management services through
third-party distribution channels is an increasingly important aspect of its
asset management business. UST is broadening the distribution of its UST
Master Fund family and its "Excelsior Funds", introduced in 1994 for the
institutional market, through small banks, broker/dealers and private
labeling. UST also has a "wrap" program through which UST's fixed-income
investment products are sold by five brokerage firms and assets now total over
$500 million with approximately 900 accounts. UST's proprietary variable
annuity, developed jointly with The Chubb Life Companies ("Chubb"), is linked
to clones of the UST Master Funds and will be sold through over 200
independent third-party distributors, as well as by UST and Chubb.
 
     In the rapidly growing 401(k) market, UST is currently developing a
bundled product aimed at plans with more than $5 million in assets. UST will
provide investment management for the bundled product -- using a subset of the
Excelsior Funds and an asset allocation model to create a "life stages
portfolios" product. This product will also feature administration by UST,
third-party record keeping and an employee education component.
 
     UST provides private banking services through its four offices in New
York City and through its regional offices in California, Connecticut,
Florida, New Jersey and Texas. Residential mortgages continue to be the
principal credit product in private banking, accounting for nearly two-thirds
of the portfolio. Private banking loans represent almost 90% of UST's total
average loans, which amounted to $1.3 billion in the third quarter of 1994.
The remaining loans are primarily comprised of credit facilities to securities
firms and other financial institutions. UST's credit quality continues to be
strong. As a percentage of total average loans, net loan charge-offs for the
first nine months of 1994, on an annualized basis, were five basis points.
 
     Asset management and private banking customer deposits comprise a
principal source of funds employed to finance the loan portfolio. For the
nine-month period ended September 30, 1994, non-interest bearing asset
management and private banking deposits were approximately $270 million and
interest bearing deposits were approximately $1.2 billion. Historically, these
deposits have been a stable source of funds to UST.
 
     Special Fiduciary Services
 
     UST provides investment, fiduciary and consulting services to employee
benefit plans that invest in employer stocks and to individuals and families
with substantial ownership positions in public or private companies. UST
specializes in providing these services to large, complex plans and believes
it is the leading provider of such services in this segment of the market.
Competition in this segment of the market comes from several financial
industry participants, including primarily other trust companies.
 
     Corporate Trust and Agency
 
     One of the 10 largest corporate trustees in the country, UST is a leader
in providing trust, agency and related services to public and private
corporations, municipalities and financial institutions. Corporate trust
 
                                     H-12
<PAGE>
 
and agency assets currently total approximately $152 billion. UST's
independence and established long-term relationships are an advantage in the
indenture trusteeship business, where UST concentrates on the high margin
segment of the market. Competitors include money center and regional banks.
 
     During each of the past three years, UST has been the leading trustee in
New York State for new municipal long-term debt and ranks among the top three
trustees nationally.
 
     UST is also a leader in providing trustee services for complex new types
of securities, as well as a provider of bond immobilization services. UST
believes these segments to be two of the fastest growing areas of the
corporate trust and agency business.
 
     UST has strengthened its national presence in the corporate trust and
agency business with the opening of corporate trust offices in California and
Texas.
 
Regulatory Matters
 
     General
 
     The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its
subsidiaries. The ability of holders of debt and equity securities of the
Company to benefit from the distribution of assets of any subsidiary upon the
liquidation or reorganization of such subsidiary is subordinate to prior
claims of creditors of the subsidiary except to the extent that a claim of the
Company as a creditor may be recognized.
 
     There are various statutory and regulatory limitations on the extent to
which banking subsidiaries of the Company can finance or otherwise transfer
funds to the Company or its nonbanking subsidiaries, whether in the form of
loans, extensions of credit, investments or asset purchases. Such transfers by
any subsidiary bank to the Company or any nonbanking subsidiary are limited in
amount to 10% of the bank's capital and surplus and, with respect to the
Company and all such nonbanking subsidiaries, to an aggregate of 20% of each
such bank's capital and surplus. Furthermore, loans and extensions of credit
are required to be secured in specified amounts and are required to be on
terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices.
 
     There are also regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends
directly or indirectly to the Company from its banking subsidiaries. Under
applicable banking statutes, at December 31, 1994, the banking institutions
that will be subsidiaries of the Company (which do not include USTNY) could
have declared additional dividends of approximately $8.0 million. Because New
Trustco will be a newly organized bank subsidiary of the Company, it is not
anticipated that it will be able to pay dividends other than out of its
earnings in respect of periods after the Time of Distribution. Federal and
state regulatory agencies also have the authority to limit further the
Company's banking subsidiaries' payment of dividends based on other factors,
such as the maintenance of adequate capital for such banking subsidiaries.
 
     Under the policy of the Board of Governors, the Company is expected to
act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit
resources to support such subsidiary bank in circumstances where it might not
do so absent such policy. In addition, any subordinated loans by the Company
to any of the subsidiary banks would also be subordinate in right of payment
to deposits and obligations to general creditors of such subsidiary bank.
Further, the Crime Control Act of 1990 provides that in the event of the
bankruptcy of the Company, any commitment by the Company to bank regulators to
maintain the capital of a banking subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy
trustee and entitled to a priority of payment.
 
     In addition, as a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank
Holding Company Act, the Company is required to obtain the prior approval of
the Board of Governors before making certain acquisitions, including the
acquisition of more than 5% of the voting shares of any company that is not a
bank (subject to limited exceptions). See "Special Factors -- Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956".
 
     The Company's banking subsidiaries will be subject to other Federal and
state banking regulations, including regulation by the Superintendent of Banks
of the State of New York, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Comptroller of
the Currency, the Banking Department of the State of New Jersey and the
Division of Finance and Corporate Securities of the State of Oregon. See
"Special Factors -- Other Federal and State Banking Regulation".
 
                                     H-13
<PAGE>
 
     FIRREA
 
     As a result of the enactment of the Financial Institutions Reform,
Recovery and Enforcement Act ("FIRREA") on August 9, 1989, any or all of the
Company's subsidiary banks can be held liable for any loss incurred by, or
reasonably expected to be incurred by, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ("FDIC") after August 9, 1989, in connection with (a) the default
of any other of the Company's subsidiary banks or (b) any assistance provided
by the FDIC to any other of the Company's subsidiary banks in danger of
default. "Default" is defined generally as the appointment of a conservator or
receiver and "in danger of default" is defined generally as the existence of
certain conditions indicating that a "default" is likely to occur without
regulatory assistance.
 
     FDICIA
 
     The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the
"FDICIA"), which was enacted on December 19, 1991, provides for, among other
things, increased funding for the Bank Insurance Fund (the "BIF") of the FDIC
and expanded regulation of depository institutions and their affiliates,
including parent holding companies. A summary of certain provisions of FDICIA
and its implementing regulations is provided below.
 
     Risk Based Deposit Insurance Assessments.  A significant portion of the
additional funding to BIF is in the form of borrowings to be repaid by
insurance premiums assessed on BIF members. In addition, the FDICIA provides
for an increase in the ratio of the reserves to insured deposits of the BIF to
1.25% by the end of the 15-year period that began with the semi-annual
assessment period ending December 31, 1991, also to be financed by insurance
premiums. Insurance premiums for a BIF-Insured institution are based on
whether the institution is within the definition of "well capitalized",
"adequately capitalized" or "undercapitalized". For purposes of the risk-based
assessment system, a well capitalized institution is one that has a total
risk-based capital ratio of 10% or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital of 6% or
more, and a leverage ratio of 5% or more. An adequately capitalized
institution has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8% or more, a Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio of 4% or more, and a leverage ratio of 4% or more. An
undercapitalized institution is one that does not meet either of the foregoing
definitions. The actual assessment rate applicable to a particular
institution, therefore, depends in part upon the risk assessment
classification so assigned to the institution by the FDIC. At September 30,
1994, each of the Company's banking subsidiaries was classified as "well
capitalized" under these provisions.
 
     Prompt Corrective Action.  The FDICIA also provides the federal banking
agencies with broad powers to take prompt corrective action to resolve
problems of insured depository institutions, depending upon a particular
institution's level of capital. The FDICIA establishes five tiers of capital
measurement ranging from "well capitalized" to "critically undercapitalized".
A depository institution may be deemed to be in a capitalization category that
is lower than is indicated by its actual capital position under certain
circumstances. At September 30, 1994, each depository institution that will be
a subsidiary of the Company was classified as "well capitalized" under the
prompt corrective actions regulations described above.
 
     Any depository institution that is undercapitalized and which fails to
meet regulatory capital requirements specified in the FDICIA must submit a
capital restoration plan guaranteed by the bank holding company controlling
such institution, and the regulatory agencies may place limits on the asset
growth and restrict activities of the institution (including transactions with
affiliates), require the institution to raise additional capital, dispose of
subsidiaries or assets or to be acquired and, ultimately, require the
appointment of a receiver. In addition to the requirement of mandatory
submission of a capital restoration plan, under the FDICIA, an
undercapitalized institution may not pay management fees to any person having
control of the institution nor may an institution, except under certain
circumstances and with prior regulatory approval, make any capital
distribution if, after making such payment or distribution, the institution
would be undercapitalized. Further, undercapitalized depository institutions
are subject to restrictions on borrowing from the Board of Governors.
 
     Undercapitalized and significantly undercapitalized depository
institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions,
including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately
capitalized,
 
                                     H-14
<PAGE>
 
requirements to reduce total assets and cessation of receipt of deposits from
correspondent banks. In addition, significantly undercapitalized depository
institutions also are prohibited from awarding bonuses or increasing
compensation of senior executive officers until approval of a capital
restoration plan. Critically undercapitalized depository institutions are
subject to appointment of a receiver or conservator.
 
     Brokered Deposits and Pass-Through Deposit Insurance Limitation.  Under
the FDICA, a depository institution that is well capitalized may accept
brokered deposits and offer interest rates on deposits "significantly higher"
than the prevailing rate in its market. A depository institution that is
adequately capitalized may accept brokered deposits if it obtains the prior
approval of the FDIC. An undercapitalized depository institution may not
accept brokered deposits. In the Company's opinion, these limitations do not
have a material effect on the Company.
 
     Safety and Soundness Standards.  The FDICIA directs each federal banking
agency to prescribe safety and soundness standards for depository institutions
and depository institution holding companies relating to internal controls,
information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit
underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, a maximum
ratio of classified assets to capital, minimum earnings sufficient to absorb
losses without impairing capital and, to the extent feasible, a minimum ratio
of market value to book value for publicly traded shares. Proposed regulations
to implement the safety and soundness standards were issued in November 1993.
The ultimate cumulative effect of these standards cannot currently be
forecast.
 
     The FDICIA also contains a variety of other provisions that may affect
the Company's operations, including new reporting requirements, regulatory
standards for real estate lending, "truth in savings" provisions, and the
requirement that a depository institution give 90 days' prior notice to
customers and regulatory authorities before closing any branch.
 
     Capital Guidelines
 
     Under the capital guidelines adopted by the Board of Governors, the
minimum ratio of total capital to the risk-adjusted assets (including certain
off-balance sheet items, such as standby letters of credit) of a bank holding
company is 8%. At least half of the total capital is to be comprised of common
equity, retained earnings, minority interests in the equity accounts of
consolidated subsidiaries and a limited amount of perpetual preferred stock,
less goodwill ("Tier 1 capital"). The remainder may consist of perpetual debt,
mandatory convertible debt securities, a limited amount of subordinated debt,
other preferred stock and a limited amount of loan loss reserves ("Tier 2
capital"). In addition, the Board of Governors requires a leverage ratio (Tier
1 capital to total assets, net of goodwill) of 3% for bank holding companies
that meet certain specified criteria, including that they have the highest
regulatory rating. Such rule indicates that the minimum leverage ratio should
be 1% to 2% higher for holding companies undertaking major expansion programs
or that do not have the highest regulatory rating. The state chartered and
national banking institutions that will be subsidiaries of the Company are
subject to similar capital requirements.
 
     The federal banking agencies continue to indicate their desire to raise
capital requirements applicable to banking organizations, and recently
proposed amendments to their risk-based capital regulations to provide for the
consideration of interest rate risk in the determination of a bank's minimum
capital requirements. The proposed amendments are intended to require that
banks effectively measure and monitor their interest rate risk and that they
maintain capital adequate for that risk. Under the proposed amendments, banks
with interest rate risk in excess of a defined supervisory threshold would be
required to maintain additional capital beyond that generally required. In
addition, the federal banking agencies recently proposed amendments to their
risk-based capital standards to provide for the concentration of credit risk
and certain risks arising from nontraditional activities, as well as a bank's
ability to manage these risks, as important factors in assessing a bank's
overall capital adequacy.
 
     As of September 30, 1994, the capital ratios of UST and of each of the
institutions that will be subsidiaries of the Company are well capitalized.
 
                                     H-15
<PAGE>
 
     Under FIRREA and FDICIA, failure to meet the minimum regulatory capital
requirements could subject a banking institution to a variety of enforcement
remedies available to federal regulatory authorities, including the
termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC and seizure of the institution.
 
     On September 29, 1994, President Clinton signed into law the Riegle-Neal
Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 (the "Interstate
Act"). The Interstate Act generally authorizes bank holding companies to
acquire banks located in any state commencing one year after its enactment. In
addition, it generally authorizes national and state chartered banks to merge
across state lines (and to thereby create interstate branches) commencing June
1, 1997. Under the provisions of the Interstate Act, states are permitted to
"opt out" of this latter interstate branching authority by taking action prior
to the commencement date. States may also "opt in" early (i.e., prior to June
1, 1997) to the interstate merger provisions. Further, the Interstate Act
provides that states may act affirmatively to permit de novo branching by
banking institutions across state lines.
 
Future Conduct of the Business
 
     Seligman Acquisition
 
     The Company's business strategy is to expand in areas where personal
wealth is concentrated. On January 17, 1995, UST announced that it had agreed
to acquire the individual account business of J.&W. Seligman and Co. and to
purchase J.&W. Seligman Trust Company for up to $20 million in cash. Such
businesses will be transferred to the Company in the Internal Reorganization.
Consistent with its strategy, the Company plans to continue to seek ways to
expand its presence in California, Florida, Texas, the Pacific Northwest and
the greater New York City region, as well as to expand opportunistically into
new areas of wealth concentration.
 
     Following the Distribution, the Company will continue to examine other
strategic alternatives, including possible acquisitions, strategic alliances,
joint ventures and investments in an effort to increase stockholder value.
 
     Use of Names
 
     Immediately following the Merger, the Company will assume the name "U.S.
Trust Corporation", and New Trustco will assume the name "United States Trust
Company of New York". Each of the Company and New Trustco will conduct
business under those names in the future. As part of the Internal
Reorganization, the Company will acquire all trademarks, tradenames and other
intellectual property necessary to the conduct of the Core Businesses.
 
     Relationship with Chase
 
     In addition, pursuant to the Services Agreement, following the Merger, a
subsidiary of Chase will provide the Company with certain essential back
office operations. Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the
Company has also agreed for a period of four years after the Effective Time
not to engage in, or compete with Chase with respect to, the securities
processing business, subject to limited exceptions. See "Special
Factors -- Relationship with Chase; Reliance on Services Agreement" and
"Relationship with Chase".
 
     Management
 
     The management of the Company following the Distribution will be
substantially the same as the management of UST prior to the Distribution.
 
Employees
 
     It is anticipated that immediately following the Distribution, the
Company will employ approximately 1,350 persons.
 
                                     H-16
<PAGE>
 
Properties
 
     The Company will lease its principal executive office in New York, New
York which is currently leased by UST. Additional executive offices currently
owned or leased by UST will be transferred to and owned or leased by the
Company in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Washington D.C., California,
Texas and Florida. The Company's management believes that all the properties
to be owned or leased by the Company following the Distribution will be
adequate for the Company's business needs and will be in good operating
condition.
 
Legal Matters
 
     There are various pending and threatened actions and claims against UST
and its subsidiaries for which liability has been denied and which will be
vigorously contested. The Company will assume any liabilities associated with
these actions pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. Included among these are
the following cases:
 
     On December 1, 1994, a complaint was filed against USTNY in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, County of New York, entitled Ithaca Partners,
L.P. and Gabriel Capital, L.P. v. United States Trust Company. USTNY is
Trustee under an Indenture dated October 1, 1988 (the "Indenture") under which
Linter Textiles Corporation Limited ("Linter Textiles") issued $200 million in
principal amount of Senior Subordinated Debentures (the "Debentures"). Linter
Textiles, a corporation organized under the laws of Australia, was a holding
company for various operating subsidiaries (the "Linter Subsidiaries") and was
also a subsidiary of Linter Group Limited ("Linter Group"). Linter Group,
Linter Textiles and the Linter Subsidiaries are being liquidated under
Australian law; however, based on the parties' contractual priorities, the
proceeds of the liquidation will be insufficient to satisfy the claims of the
holders of the Debentures. The plaintiffs are two limited partners who claim
to have purchased $97.43 million in principal amount of the Debentures.
Plaintiffs allege that the Debentures were issued pursuant to a fraudulent
prospectus which failed to disclose Linter Textiles' intention to incur $323
million (Australian) in senior indebtedness through guaranties of indebtedness
of Linter Group and to cause the Linter Subsidiaries to guaranty the senior
indebtedness. The complaint asserts that covenants in the Indenture were
breached in connection with the execution of those guaranties and the
guaranties of the Debentures delivered by the Linter Subsidiaries to USTNY in
connection therewith and asserts causes of action for breach of contract and
breach of fiduciary duty based on USTNY failing to take action itself or to
advise holders of the Debentures that Linter Textiles and the Linter
Subsidiaries were incurring substantial indebtedness on behalf of the Linter
Group. The complaint seeks unspecified damages measured by the amount of the
diminution from the face value of the Debentures suffered as a result of the
existence of the guaranties of senior indebtedness, plus interest and
plaintiff's expenses incurred in connection with the liquidation proceedings
in Australia.
 
     In July 1990, an action captioned "Official Committee of Unsecured
Creditors of Fulfillment Associates, Inc. v. Louis Freedman et al. v. United
States Trust Company of New York" was brought in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Eastern District of New York. The complaint was filed by the
Creditors Committee of Fulfillment Associates, Inc. (the "CCFA") against
stockholders of CCFA who sold their shares in a leveraged buyout financed by
USTNY. The complaint seeks damages in excess of $500,000 and alleges a
fraudulent transfer in the granting of liens to USTNY on the assets of CCFA,
abuse of fiduciary duty by the stockholders and breach of employment
agreements entered into by the stockholders with CCFA. The stockholders have
filed a third-party complaint against USTNY in an unspecified amount seeking
indemnification or contribution for all amounts for which the stockholders may
be held liable to CCFA. USTNY's motion to dismiss the third-party complaint is
pending before the Bankruptcy Court.
 
                               THE DISTRIBUTION
 
     This section of the Information Statement describes certain aspects of
the proposed Distribution. To the extent that they relate to the Distribution
Documents, the following descriptions do not purport to be complete and are
qualified in their entirety by reference to the Distribution Documents, which
are Exhibits to the Company Form 10 and are attached as Appendix B through E
to the Proxy Statement-Prospectus and are
 
                                     H-17
<PAGE>
 
incorporated herein by reference. All stockholders are urged to read the
Distribution Documents in their entirety.
 
Background of and Reasons for the Distribution
 
     UST's management has regularly reviewed possible strategies and
transactions to enhance UST's competitiveness and to position its assets and
businesses in a manner that would increase the value of those assets and of
UST's businesses and operations, thereby increasing stockholder value. These
strategies included a possible acquisition, joint ventures, internal
restructurings, outsourcing of operational services and divestiture of one of
its businesses. In December 1993, UST's management determined that UST should
examine the possibility of a divestiture of the Processing Business (as
defined below) in its entirety. The principal reasons for UST's determination
to actively pursue this strategic course of action was the conclusion that the
securities processing business would require significant allocations of
capital and financial resources on an ongoing basis to remain competitive,
while UST anticipated needs for additional capital and financial resources to
expand its more profitable growth opportunities in the asset management,
private banking, and corporate trust and agency businesses over the coming
years. In addition, UST's management believed that, in light of the size of
its capital, the inherent operating risks in securities processing businesses
generally could, over time, threaten UST's reputation and franchise in the
Core Businesses. The examination of strategic alternatives culminated in
November 1994 with the execution of the Merger Agreement with Chase. For a
discussion of the events leading up to the execution of the Merger Agreement,
see "The Merger -- Background of the Merger" in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus
to which this Information Statement is attached as Appendix H.
 
     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the transactions described therein,
Chase will acquire the Chase Acquired Business, which consists of UST's
securities processing business and related back office operations, including
the assets and certain of the liabilities related thereto. UST's securities
processing business (the "Processing Business") consists of the businesses,
assets and certain liabilities related to (i) the unit investment trust
business of USTNY and its affiliates, which includes, among other things,
acting as trustee for "unit investment trusts" (as such term is defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), maintaining custody of securities
and investments for unit trusts and providing other processing support to unit
trusts, (ii) the mutual funds services business of UST and its subsidiaries,
which includes, among other things, providing domestic and global custody,
transfer agency and other administrative services to registered investment
companies and (iii) the institutional asset services business of USTNY and its
affiliates, which includes, among other things, master trust and custody
services, securities lending services, rabbi trust services and certain money
management services. UST's related back office operations (the "Related Back
Office") consists of the businesses, assets and certain liabilities related to
USTNY's computer services division and securities services and trust
operations division.
 
     The sale of the Chase Acquired Business will be effected through a series
of sequential transactions, including the Distribution and the Merger, all as
set forth in the Merger Agreement. The purpose of this complex structure is to
permit the sale of the Chase Acquired Business on a tax-free basis to UST and
its stockholders in a transaction in which UST stockholders will receive Chase
Common Stock and will also retain their proportionate equity interests in the
Core Businesses in the form of Company Common Stock to be received in the
Distribution. In order to ensure the tax-free nature of the sale, UST (which
will then hold only the Chase Acquired Business) will be merged with and into
Chase. Accordingly, a "reverse spinoff" structure was adopted pursuant to
which the Core Businesses will be transferred to the Company and its
subsidiaries and the Company Common Stock will, prior to the Merger, be
distributed to UST stockholders in the Distribution.
 
     Although the Distribution will not be effected unless the Merger is
approved and about to occur, the Distribution is separate from the Merger and
the Company Common Stock to be received by holders of UST Common Stock in the
Distribution does not constitute a part of the consideration to be received by
UST stockholders in the Merger. Consummation of the Distribution is a
condition to the Merger.
 
                                     H-18
<PAGE>
 
Terms of the Contribution Agreement
 
     In connection with the Distribution, USTNY and New Trustco will enter
into the Contribution Agreement. The Contribution Agreement provides for,
among other things, a series of asset and stock transfers between USTNY and
New Trustco, and the assignment to and assumption by, New Trustco of
liabilities of USTNY relating to the assets and stock transferred (the
"Contribution Asset Transfers"). The Contribution Asset Transfers are designed
to transfer all the assets and liabilities of USTNY to New Trustco, other than
the businesses, assets and liabilities included in the Chase Acquired
Business.
 
     Contribution Assets and Contribution Liabilities
 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, immediately prior to
the Distribution Asset Transfers (as defined under "-- Terms of the
Distribution Agreement -- The Distribution Asset Transfers" below), USTNY will
assign, transfer, convey and contribute to New Trustco, effective as of the
Closing, all the business, properties, assets, goodwill and rights of USTNY,
other than the Chase Assets (as defined below), owned by USTNY on the Closing
Date (the "Contribution Assets"), including: (i) all assets used or held for
use primarily in the Core Businesses; (ii) all agreements entered into by
USTNY with customers or clients of the Core Businesses relating to such
businesses; (iii) all mortgages, loans, overdrafts, lines of credit, rights in
respect of letters of credit and similar assets of the Core Businesses and all
rights in respect of collateral or security (except rights in collateral to
the extent that such rights secure any Chase Assets) for any of the foregoing;
(iv) all accrued fees, accrued interest and accounts receivable, other than
those of the Chase Acquired Business; (v) all real property owned by USTNY and
all rights in certain leases; (vi) all cash on hand, funds available for
investment, investments and securities of USTNY, other than certain
investments or funds reflected on the balance sheet of the Chase Acquired
Business at the Time of Distribution; (vii) USTNY's interest in all lease and
licensing agreements, and related support agreements, with third parties for
the use of systems and applications software (excluding, however, certain data
processing licenses and computer leases); (viii) USTNY's interest in UST's
core trust and custody software system utilized by USTNY in the Processing
Business and its other businesses (the "Asset Management System"); (ix) all
rights relating to the Contribution Liabilities (as defined below); (x) all
rights relating to certain abandoned property; (xi) all policies of insurance
or similar agreements; (xii) all collateral posted to secure clearing and
other contingent obligations ; and (xiv) all fees or accounts receivable of
the Chase Acquired Business which have been paid on or before the close of
business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date.
 
     The Contribution Agreement also provides that, subject to certain limited
exceptions, the Contribution Assets will not include assets of USTNY that are
primarily used, or that are held for use in, or are reasonably necessary for
the conduct by USTNY of, the Chase Acquired Business on the Closing Date (the
"Chase Assets"), including: (i) all customer agreements relating to the
Processing Business; (ii) all accounts receivable and accrued and unpaid fees
under customer agreements owed to USTNY on the Closing Date and arising out of
the Processing Business; (iii) certain agreements by which USTNY is bound that
relate to the Chase Acquired Business; (iv) USTNY's lease relating to space in
the building located at 770 Broadway, New York, New York (the "Broadway
Lease"); (v) certain USTNY proprietary systems and application software; and
(vi) all rights relating to Chase Liabilities (as defined below).
 
     In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreement, New
Trustco will assume, subject to certain exceptions, effective as of the
Closing, and will pay, perform and discharge when due and indemnify USTNY and
hold USTNY harmless from and against all liabilities (the "Contribution
Liabilities") of USTNY existing on the Closing Date (other than Chase
Liabilities), including: (i) all liabilities of USTNY relating to or arising
out of the Core Businesses; (ii) all liabilities arising out of any event,
occurrence, action or omission taken or occurring prior to the Closing Date by
or with respect to USTNY, its officers, directors, Board of Trustees,
employees, agents or representatives; (iii) all obligations in respect of the
8 1/2% Capital Notes due 2001 of USTNY; (iv) any liability which is
attributable to any of the Acquired Contribution Assets; (v) all liabilities
under each UST benefit plan that is transferred to New Trustco; (vi) all fees
and expenses of USTNY and its subsidiaries incurred on or before the
Contribution Asset Transfers in connection with the Merger; and (vii) all
obligations under agreements relating to the Chase Acquired Business that are
to be performed or discharged prior to the Closing Date.
 
                                     H-19
<PAGE>
 
     The Contribution Agreement also provides that at all times at and after
the Closing, USTNY will, subject to certain exceptions, retain and be solely
responsible for, and USTNY will pay, perform and discharge when due, and
indemnify New Trustco and hold New Trustco harmless from and against the
following liabilities (the "Chase Liabilities"): (i) all deposits arising from
the Processing Business; (ii) all liabilities to trade creditors and accounts
payable of the Chase Acquired Business reflected on the balance sheet of the
Chase Acquired Business at the Time of Distribution; (iii) all liabilities
under agreements relating to the Processing Business, subject to limited
exceptions; (iv) (A) all liabilities for amounts required to be paid as of or
after the Effective Time under the terms of UST's 1986 Stock Option Plan and
employer payroll taxes due with respect to such amounts, subject to certain
limits and (B) all liabilities for amounts payable under a transition bonus
program established by the Company in connection with the Merger maintained by
USTNY; (v) all obligations and duties as lessee under the Broadway Lease
arising after the Closing Date; and (vi) certain obligations relating to
certain abandoned property.
 
     Delayed Assets and Delayed Liabilities
 
     The Contribution Agreement provides that to the extent that any consent
with respect to a contract, agreement, lease or other instrument included in
the Contribution Assets that is legally required to effect the transfer
thereof to New Trustco (a "Required Consent"), and that has not been obtained
on or prior to the Closing Date (a "Delayed Asset"), will not be transferred
as a Contribution Asset, and any related liability (a "Delayed Liability")
will not be assumed by New Trustco as a Contribution Liability, unless and
until such Required Consent has been obtained. Pursuant to the Contribution
Agreement, USTNY will agree that if such a Required Consent to transfer is not
obtained, USTNY will reasonably cooperate with New Trustco to attempt to
provide to New Trustco the benefits under or of any such Delayed Asset;
provided that New Trustco will assume, pay and perform (and indemnify and hold
USTNY harmless from and against) all obligations and liabilities relating to
such Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability and will promptly reimburse USTNY for
all of its actual costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and employee
salaries and allocable benefits, but not overhead) in connection with any such
arrangement.
 
     USTNY and New Trustco will agree that, on each occasion after the Closing
Date that a Required Consent is obtained with respect to a Delayed Asset, such
Delayed Asset will be transferred and assigned to New Trustco, and all related
Delayed Liabilities will be simultaneously assumed by New Trustco.
 
     Use of Names
 
     The Contribution Agreement contemplates that after the Closing Date,
USTNY will promptly change the name "USTNY" on all documents, stationery and
facilities relating to the Chase Acquired Business to a name that is not in
any way similar to USTNY's name (or any name or initial confusingly similar to
that of any existing affiliates of New Trustco). Under the Contribution
Agreement, USTNY will transfer to New Trustco all right, title and interest in
and to, and all rights to use, USTNY's name (or any name or initial similar
thereto or of any existing affiliates of USTNY).
 
     Chase Acquired Business Balance Sheet
 
     Because all the consideration for the sale of the Chase Acquired Business
is being paid directly to the UST stockholders in the form of Chase Common
Stock, the Contribution Agreement generally contemplates that the balance
sheet assets of the Chase Acquired Business to be retained by UST after the
Distribution will be equal to the balance sheet liabilities of the Chase
Acquired Business. In order to effectuate this, the Contribution Agreement
provides, subject to certain exceptions, that USTNY will retain, and not
contribute to New Trustco, an amount of cash and short-term U.S. Treasury
securities (valued at the amount that could be realized on their disposition)
expected to exceed by $5.5 million the amount by which the balance sheet
liabilities of the Chase Acquired Business exceed the balance sheet assets of
the Chase Acquired Business. (Such a mechanism is necessary because the
deposit and other liabilities of the Processing Business will significantly
exceed the assets -- which are comprised principally of leasehold
improvements, furniture, equipment and accounts receivable -- of the
Processing Business, and since no investment assets or funds of USTNY are
specifically allocated to, or considered to be assets of, the Processing
Business for purposes of the
 
                                     H-20
<PAGE>
 
Contribution Agreement or Distribution Agreement). The amount of funds and
U.S. Treasury securities to be retained by USTNY is subject to additional
adjustments to compensate for amounts otherwise payable by one party to the
other in connection with the transaction or to compensate for liabilities
assumed by Chase that do not directly relate to the Chase Acquired Business.
Similarly, the amount of funds to be retained by USTNY will be increased to
reflect payment obligations to be retained by USTNY in respect of certain
employee plans, the after-tax cost to Chase of terminating out-of-market
computer equipment leases being acquired in the Merger and certain payments
relating to the leasehold space at 770 Broadway also being acquired by Chase
as a consequence of the Merger.
 
     In order to permit the calculation of the amount of funds and U.S.
Treasury securities to be retained by New Trustco, USTNY will prepare Closing
Date balance sheets for USTNY, MF Service Company and UST-WY. The amounts
reflected therein, to the extent based on estimates or otherwise erroneous,
will be finalized and corrected after the Closing Date, and New Trustco or
USTNY will make any compensating payment to the other party required in
connection therewith.
 
     Conditions of Obligations of New Trustco and USTNY
 
     The Contribution Agreement provides that the respective obligation of
each party to effect the Contribution Asset Transfers is subject to
satisfaction or waiver (which waiver, in the case of USTNY, requires the
consent of Chase) prior to the Closing of the following conditions: (a) all
necessary consents or expirations of waiting periods imposed by any
governmental authority shall have been obtained or shall have occurred; (b)
there shall be no suit, action, or other proceeding pending which has been
initiated by any governmental authority seeking to restrain, prohibit,
invalidate or set aside in whole or in part the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement and no temporary
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other legal
restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Contribution Agreement shall be in effect; and (c) all
conditions to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement (other than the Asset Transfers (as defined below) and the
Distribution) shall have been satisfied.
 
     Conditions of Obligation of New Trustco
 
     The obligation of New Trustco to accept the Contribution Assets and
assume the Contribution Liabilities is further subject to the following
conditions, unless waived by New Trustco: (a) the representations and
warranties of USTNY set forth in the Contribution Agreement shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of the date of such agreement and as of
the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (or on or as of the date
when made in the case of any representation or warranty which specifically
relates to an earlier date); (b) USTNY shall have performed or complied in all
material respects with all obligations, conditions and covenants required to
be performed or complied with by it under the Contribution Agreement at or
prior to the Closing; (c) USTNY shall have delivered to New Trustco an
appropriate bill of sale conveying the Contribution Assets; (d) the Merger
Agreement and each of the Distribution Documents shall have been executed and
shall, subject to consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and the Contribution Agreement, be
effective and in force; and (e) USTNY shall have amended its organization
certificate to change its name.
 
     Conditions of Obligations of USTNY
 
     The obligations of USTNY to assign the Contribution Assets and transfer
the Contribution Liabilities is further subject to the following conditions,
unless waived by USTNY (with the consent of Chase): (a) the representations
and warranties of New Trustco set forth in the Contribution Agreement shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such agreement and
as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (or on or
as of the date when made in the case of any representation or warranty which
specifically relates to an earlier date); (b) New Trustco shall have performed
or complied in all material respects with all obligations required to be
performed or complied with by it under the Contribution Agreement at or prior
to the Closing; (c) New Trustco shall have executed and delivered to USTNY an
Assumption Agreement relating to the Contribution Liabilities; and (d) the
Merger Agreement and each of
 
                                     H-21
<PAGE>
 
the Distribution Documents shall have been executed and shall, subject to
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the
Distribution Agreement and the Contribution Agreement, be effective and in
force.
 
Terms of the Distribution Agreement
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) the
dividend by USTNY of all the capital stock of New Trustco to UST, and the
subsequent contribution by UST of such capital stock to the Company and (ii)
the Distribution.
 
     In addition, the Distribution Agreement provides for a series of asset
and stock transfers between and among UST, certain of UST's subsidiaries and
the Company, and the assignment to and assumption by the Company of certain
liabilities of UST and certain of its subsidiaries relating to the assets and
stock transferred (the "Distribution Asset Transfers" and, together with the
Contribution Asset Transfers, the "Asset Transfers"). The Distribution Asset
Transfers are designed to transfer the Core Businesses to the Company.
 
     Recapitalization of the Company
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that immediately prior to the Time of
Distribution, UST will appropriately cause the Company to amend its
Certificate of Incorporation to, among other things, increase the currently
authorized number of shares of common stock of the Company and to exchange the
100 shares of such common stock currently outstanding for a total number of
shares of Company Common Stock equal to the total number of shares of UST
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Distribution Record Date.
 
     Method of Effecting the Distribution
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that the Distribution will be
effected by the distribution to each holder of record of UST Common Stock, as
of the close of the stock transfer books on the Distribution Record Date, of
certificates representing one share of Company Common Stock multiplied by the
number of shares of UST Common Stock held by such holder.
 
     Distribution Assets and Distribution Liabilities
 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Distribution Agreement, immediately prior to
the Time of Distribution and immediately following the Contribution Asset
Transfers and the dividend by USTNY of all of the stock of New Trustco to UST,
UST will assign, transfer, convey and contribute, or cause the assignment,
transfer, conveyance and contribution of, the following (collectively, the
"Distribution Assets" and, together with the Contribution Assets, the "Company
Assets") to the Company:
 
     (a) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the following
subsidiaries: (i) New Trustco; (ii) U.S. Trust Company of Florida Savings
Bank, a Florida banking corporation; (iii) U.S.T.L.P.O. Corp., a Delaware
corporation; (iv) Campbell, Cowperthwait & Company, a Delaware corporation;
(v) U.S. Trust Company of California, N.A., a national banking association;
(vi) U.S. Trust Company of New Jersey, a New Jersey banking corporation; (vii)
U.S. Trust Company of Connecticut, a Connecticut banking corporation; (viii)
UST Financial Services Corp., a New York trust company; (ix) CTMC Holding
Company, an Oregon corporation; (x) U.S. Trust Company Limited, a New York
banking corporation; (xi) Technologies Holding Corporation, a Delaware
corporation; and (xii) UST Risk Management Services Inc., a New York
corporation.
 
     (b)(i) subject to the Retention Amount (as defined under "-- Retention
Amount" below), all cash on hand, investments (subject to certain exceptions)
and securities (subject to certain exceptions) owned by, or held for the
account of, UST; (ii) all patents, trademarks, service marks and the like, and
all rights to the name "U.S. Trust Corporation" or any other name used or
employed by UST or any of its affiliates (other than MF Service Company (as
defined below)); (iii) all equity or debt investments of UST in any
corporation or other business association (other than UST's equity investments
in MF Service Company, a Delaware
 
                                     H-22
<PAGE>
 
Corporation ("MF Service Company"), USTNY and U.S. Trust Company of Wyoming, a
Wyoming corporation ("UST-WY")); and (iv) all rights relating to the
Distribution Liabilities (as defined below).
 
     (c)(i) all cash on hand, investments and securities owned by, or held for
the account of, MF Service Company; and (ii) all equity or debt investments of
MF Service Company (other than MF Service Company's equity interest in Mutual
Funds Service Company (Canada) Ltd.) in any corporation or other business
association.
 
     (d)(i) all cash on hand, investments and securities owned by, or held for
the account of UST-WY; (ii) all patents, trademarks, service marks and the
like and all rights with respect to the name "U.S. Trust Company of Wyoming"
or any similar name used or employed by UST-WY or any of its affiliates; and
(iii) all equity or debt investments of UST-WY in any corporation or other
business association.
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that, notwithstanding any other
provision therein to the contrary, the businesses and assets which are a part
of the Core Businesses will not include the business, properties, assets,
goodwill and rights of UST of whatever kind and nature, real or personal,
tangible or intangible that are primarily used or held for use in the Chase
Acquired Business on the Closing Date (other than any names that are
Distribution Assets, and any similar names).
 
     The Distribution Agreement also provides that if, after the Time of
Distribution, either party holds assets which by the terms of the Distribution
Agreement, the Contribution Agreement or the Merger Agreement were intended to
be assigned and transferred to, or retained by, the other party, such party
will promptly assign and transfer or cause to be assigned and transferred such
assets to the other party. The Distribution Agreement further provides that,
except as otherwise provided therein or in the Merger Agreement, the
Contribution Agreement, the Post Closing Covenants Agreement or the Tax
Allocation Agreement, at or prior to the Time of Distribution, the Company
will assume, or agree to be responsible for, all liabilities (the
"Distribution Liabilities" and, together with the Contribution Liabilities,
the "Company Liabilities") of UST, MF Service Company and UST-WY other than
(i) the certain specified liabilities of MF Service Company (the "MF Service
Company Retained Liabilities") arising before the Time of Distribution; (ii)
the certain specified liabilities of UST-WY (the "UST-WY Retained
Liabilities") arising before the Time of Distribution and (iii) the
liabilities and obligations relating to the Retention Amount.
 
     Retention Amount
 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Distribution Agreement, and notwithstanding
the Distribution Asset Transfers, UST will retain, and not distribute or
contribute to the Company pursuant to the Distribution Asset Transfers, cash
funds equal to the Retention Amount. The Distribution Agreement defines the
"Retention Amount" as the sum of (w) the aggregate amount, determined as of
the close of business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, of the
cash payments required to be made with respect to all stock options granted
under the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation and the U.S.
Trust Corporation Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors that have not
expired or that have not been exercised or canceled prior to the Effective
Time, determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of each such plan
on the basis of a "change in control" having occurred thereunder with respect
to such stock options as a result of the Merger; (x) the product of (i) the
aggregate amount, determined as of the close of business on the day
immediately prior to the Closing Date, of the cash payments required to be
made with respect to all outstanding account balances under the Annual
Incentive Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation, determined in accordance with the
relevant provisions of such plan (including any amendment thereof made in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement) on the basis of a "change
in control" having occurred thereunder as a result of the Merger, multiplied
by (ii) 0.68875; plus (y) the aggregate amount, determined as of the close of
business on the day immediately prior to the Closing Date, required to pay any
employer payroll taxes, including for employer's share of FICA and FUTA, due
on amounts payable under the plans referred to in clauses (w) and (x) above;
minus (z) the sum of (i) $5.5 million plus (ii) an amount equal to the amount
of MF Service Company's net worth as reflected on its Closing Date balance
sheet plus (iii) an amount equal to the amount of UST-WY's net worth as
reflected on its Closing Date balance sheet.
 
                                     H-23
<PAGE>
 
     Under the Distribution Agreement, UST will retain and be solely
responsible for, and will agree to pay, perform and discharge when due, and
indemnify the Company and hold the Company harmless from and against, all
liabilities and obligations, subject to certain limitations, for amounts
payable under each of the plans referred to in clauses (w) and (x)(i) of the
foregoing paragraph, and all liabilities and obligations to pay all employer
payroll taxes referred to in clause (y) of the foregoing paragraph.
 
     Conditions to the Distribution
 
     The obligations of UST and the Company to consummate the Distribution are
subject to the fulfillment of each of the following conditions: (i) the
recapitalization of the Company shall have been completed substantially as
described in the Distribution Agreement; (ii) each of the Contribution
Agreement, the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation
Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by each of the parties
thereto, and the Contribution Asset Transfers shall have been consummated;
(iv) all of the Distribution Asset Transfers shall have been successfully
consummated; (v) each condition to the Closing of the Merger Agreement, other
than the condition requiring the satisfaction of conditions contained in the
Distribution Agreement, shall have been fulfilled; (vi) the Distribution shall
have been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of UST Common Stock
entitled to cast at least two-thirds (or 66 2/3%) of the total number of votes
entitled to be cast; (vii) any registration statement filed by the Company
with the Commission in connection with the issuance of the Company Common
Stock in the Distribution shall have become effective, and shall not be the
subject of any stop order or proceeding by the Commission seeking a stop
order; (viii) the shares of the Company Common Stock to be issued in the
Distribution shall have designated as a national market system security on the
interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD"); (ix) all necessary consents or expirations of
waiting periods imposed by any governmental authority shall have been obtained
or shall have occurred; and (x) no temporary restraining order, preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the Distribution shall be in effect.
 
     Amendment
 
     The Distribution Agreement provides that UST and the Company may modify
or amend the Distribution Agreement by written agreement, subject to the
consent of Chase.
 
Terms of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement
 
     Indemnification by the Company
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the Company will agree
that, from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless
Chase, UST and USTNY (collectively, the "Chase Parties") and their respective
directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents and assigns, as applicable,
against any and all losses, as incurred, for or on account of or arising from:
(a) any breach of or any inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of any
of the Company, New Trustco (collectively, the "New UST Parties"), UST, USTNY
and their subsidiaries contained in the Merger Agreement or any of the
Distribution Documents; (b) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of
(i) the New UST Parties or any of their subsidiaries contained in the Merger
Agreement or the Distribution Documents whether to be performed before or
after the Effective Time or (ii) UST or USTNY or any of their subsidiaries
contained in the Distribution Documents to be performed prior to the Effective
Time; (c) any Company Asset or Company Liability; (d) any Delayed Asset or
Delayed Liability; (e) any regulatory or compliance violation that arises out
of events, actions or omissions to act of UST or USTNY occurring prior to the
Effective Time and adversely affects a customer account or any entity that has
an interest in such customer account; (f) except for the Chase Liabilities and
the MF Service Company Retained Liabilities, and actions relating to the
Processing Business, claims of any shareholders, directors, officers,
employees or agents of UST and its subsidiaries arising from the execution by
UST or USTNY of the Merger Agreement or the Distribution Documents and the
consummation after the Effective Time of transactions in accordance with the
terms of such documents; (g) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of any material fact contained in the Proxy Statement-
 
                                     H-24
<PAGE>
 
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any omission or alleged
omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading; but only in each case to the extent
based upon information with respect to the New UST Parties, furnished in
writing by or on behalf of the New UST Parties, or at any time prior to the
Effective Time, UST or USTNY, expressly for use in the Proxy Statement-
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto; and (h) any liability
arising (i) from a claim to enforce, or to recover tort liability arising out
of, any Federal, state or local law, rule or regulation relating to the
protection of the environment with respect to any facility, site, location or
business (whether past or present and whether active or inactive) owned,
operated or leased by UST or USTNY or any of their subsidiaries prior to the
Effective Time and (ii) as a result of conditions existing during or prior to
the period of time such facility, site, location or business was owned,
operated or leased by UST or USTNY or any of their subsidiaries.
 
     Indemnification by New Trustco
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, New Trustco will agree
that, from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless
the Chase Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees,
affiliates, agents and assigns, as applicable, against any and all losses, as
incurred, for or on account of or arising from: (a) any breach of or any
inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of New Trustco or USTNY and their
subsidiaries contained in the Merger Agreement or any of the Distribution
Documents; (b) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant of (i) New Trustco
contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution Documents whether to be
performed before or after the Effective Time or (ii) USTNY contained in the
Merger Agreement or the Distribution Documents to be performed prior to the
Effective Time; (c) any Contribution Asset or Contribution Liability; (d) any
Delayed Asset or Delayed Liability; (e) any regulatory or compliance violation
that arises out of events, actions or omissions to act of USTNY occurring
prior to the Effective Time and adversely affects a customer account or any
entity with an interest in such customer account; and (f) any liability
arising (i) from a claim to enforce, or to recover tort liability arising out
of, any Federal, state or local law, rule or regulation relating to the
protection of the environment with respect to any facility, site, location or
business (whether past or present and whether active or inactive) owned,
operated or leased by USTNY prior to the Effective Time and (ii) as a result
of conditions existing during or prior to the period of time such facility,
site, location or business was owned, operated or leased by USTNY.
 
     Indemnification by Chase
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, Chase will agree that,
from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless the New
UST Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, and assigns, as applicable, from any and all losses, as incurred, for
or on account of or arising from: (a) any breach of or inaccuracy in any
representation or warranty of Chase contained in the Merger Agreement or any
of the Distribution Documents; (b) any breach or nonperformance of any
covenant of (i) Chase contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution
Documents whether to be performed before or after the Effective Time or (ii)
UST or USTNY or any of their subsidiaries contained in the Distribution
Documents to be performed after the Effective Time; (c) except for losses as
to which any of the Chase Parties are entitled to indemnification, any Chase
Asset, any Chase Liability or any MF Service Company Retained Liability; and
(d) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact
contained in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto, or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; but
only in each case to the extent based upon information with respect to the
Chase Parties furnished in writing by or on behalf of Chase or, at any time
after the Effective Time, UST or USTNY, expressly for use in the Proxy
Statement-Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto.
 
                                     H-25
<PAGE>
 
     Indemnification by USTNY
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, USTNY will agree that,
from and after the Effective Time, it will indemnify and hold harmless the New
UST Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, and assigns, as applicable, from any and all losses, as incurred, for
or on account of or arising from: (a) any breach or nonperformance of any
covenant of USTNY contained in the Merger Agreement or the Distribution
Documents to be performed after the Effective Time; and (b) except for losses
as to which any of the Chase Parties are entitled to indemnification, any
Chase Asset or any Chase Liability.
 
     Termination and Limitation on Indemnification
 
     The Post Closing Covenants Agreement provides that each party's
obligation to indemnify and hold harmless any other party will terminate,
subject to certain limited exceptions, (i) in the case of indemnification with
respect to the breach of any representation and warranty by any party, two
years from the Closing Date and (ii) in the case of indemnification with
respect to regulatory compliance, one year from the Closing Date. The other
indemnification provisions do not terminate.
 
     The Post Closing Covenants Agreement also provides that, notwithstanding
any of its other provisions, neither the New UST Parties nor Chase or USTNY
will be obligated to indemnify any party unless the aggregate amount of all
losses relating to such liability exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount
equal to $500,000 (the "Deductible Amount"), and then only to the extent of
any such excess; provided, that any loss arising from a single indemnification
claim in an amount greater than $50,000 will not be subject to such limitation
and will be excluded from the determination of the Deductible Amount. In
addition, amounts to be indemnified pursuant to certain provisions of the
Contribution Agreement and certain provisions of the Distribution Agreement
are not subject to such limitation.
 
     Minimum Net Worth
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the Company will agree
that, until the later of (a) three years from the date thereof or (b) the date
when the applicable statutes of limitations with respect to all Federal income
tax liabilities of UST for periods ending prior to or on the Closing Date have
run, it will (i) as of any date of determination, maintain consolidated
shareholders' equity of not less than the lesser of (x) $150 million and (y)
the greater of (1) 95% of the consolidated shareholders' equity of the Company
at January 1, 1996, and (2) the sum of (A) $135 million plus (B) on and after
January 1, 1997, the product of (I) $7.5 million multiplied by (II) the number
of the most recent preceding anniversary of December 31, 1995, and (ii) be a
"well capitalized" bank holding company within the meaning of the regulations
of the Board of Governors (as in effect on the date of the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement); except that, so long as the Company's Tier 1 capital
leverage ratio is 4.5% or above, the Company will not be deemed to be less
than "well capitalized" solely because its Tier 1 capital leverage ratio is
less than 5%; provided, however, that on or before September 30, 1995, the
denominator used in determining the Company's Tier 1 capital leverage ratio
shall be the book value of the average total consolidated assets (net of the
allowance for loan losses) of the Company following the Distribution.
 
     The Company's Noncompetition Agreement
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the Company will agree
that:
 
     (a) Until the fourth anniversary of the Effective Time, neither the
Company nor any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company will (i) in any way,
directly or indirectly, engage in the Restricted Processing Business (as
defined below) in the United States or Canada, or own, manage, operate,
control or have an interest greater than 5% of the voting stock or 25% of the
total equity in any enterprise which engages, directly or indirectly, in the
Restricted Processing Business in the United States or Canada; provided that
the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company may directly or
indirectly acquire a corporation or other entity or affiliated group of
corporations or other entities that is engaged in the Restricted Processing
Business (an "Acquired Person") so long as during the twelve-month period
ending on the last day of the month immediately preceding the month of such
acquisition, revenues earned from the Restricted Processing
 
                                     H-26
<PAGE>
 
Business by such Acquired Person constituted no more than 15% of the aggregate
revenues of such Acquired Person, and each Acquired Person will be subject to
the noncompetition provisions of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement only
with respect to customers of such Acquired Person who were not customers on
the date immediately preceding the date such Acquired Person became an
affiliate of the Company; (ii) provide any customer or corporation, trust,
foundation, endowment or similar entity (other than those established and
operated exclusively to manage the assets or affairs of a family (a "Family
Office")) having investible assets of $50 million or more, with any of the
following items in connection with any assets held in custody or safekeeping
by Chase or any affiliate, except as provided in the Services Agreement: (A)
securities lending and investment of related collateral, (B) securities and
commodities clearing services or (C) foreign exchange services; or (iii)
provide any customer with any of the following items in connection with any
assets with respect to which Chase or any affiliate provides Processing
Services: (A) cash balance sweep services, (B) except with respect to assets
for which the Company or any subsidiary exercises investment management for
certain customers, certain cash management services or (C) extensions of
credit to investment companies and other commingled investment funds.
 
     (b) Until the third anniversary of the Effective Time, the Company will
not solicit for employment certain specified employees to be retained by the
Chase Parties. In addition, from and after the Effective Time, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries will disclose or make use of certain
confidential information related to the Processing Business and the Related
Back Office.
 
     (c) In the event that there is a direct or indirect Change of Control (as
defined below), the Company and New Trustco will cease to be bound by the
noncompetition provisions of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, and upon
six months notice by Chase, Chase may treat such Change of Control as a
termination of the Services Agreement by New Trustco and cease providing
Restricted Processing Services under the Services Agreement on or after six
months after the Change of Control.
 
     The following definitions relate to paragraphs (a) through (c) described
above:
 
          "Bundled Services" means the provision of certain administration
     services, custody services or trust services as included services, and
     without separate charge, together with the exercise of substantial
     management discretion over 50% or more of the investible assets in the
     account for which such included services are provided.
 
          "Change of Control" means any direct or indirect acquisition of the
     Company or New Trustco by any other institution, including without
     limitation, a merger of the Company or New Trustco with an unaffiliated
     institution (or any affiliate of such institution) having total assets of
     $2 billion or more or shareholders' equity of $200 million or more.
 
          "Restricted Processing Business" means the Processing Business;
     provided, however, that the term "Restricted Processing Business" shall
     not include any services that would, but for this proviso, constitute
     services of the "Restricted Processing Business", to the extent such
     services are provided in connection with any of the following: (i)
     certain mutually agreed upon existing relationships; (ii) assets with
     respect to which the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of the
     Company exercises investment management; (iii) individuals, estates,
     family trusts or Family Offices; (iv) any corporation, limited liability
     company, trust, partnership, foundation or endowment or other entity
     having, at the time of the acceptance of the relationship, investible
     assets of less than $50 million or, at any time the services are provided
     other than as Bundled Services, investible assets of less than $100
     million; (v) any collective investment trust maintained exclusively by
     New Trustco or another bank or trust company affiliate; (vi) the
     corporate trust and agency business of the Company, New Trustco or any of
     their affiliates, (vii) subject to clause (iv) above, the asset and
     investment management of the Company, New Trustco or any of their
     affiliates; (viii) subject to clause (iv) above, the private banking
     business of the Company, New Trustco and any of their affiliates, (ix)
     any service provided to the Company or a subsidiary or affiliate of the
     Company for its own account or (x) any relationship for which Chase
     serves as subcustodian to the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of
     the Company (other than pursuant to the Services Agreement).
 
                                     H-27
<PAGE>
 
Terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement
 
     Prior to the Time of Distribution, Chase, UST and the Company will enter
into a Tax Allocation Agreement which sets forth each party's rights and
obligations with respect to payments and refunds, if any, of Federal, state,
local or foreign taxes for periods before and after the Distribution and
related matters such as the filing of tax returns and the conduct of the
claims made by the Service and other taxing authorities.
 
     In general, under the Tax Allocation Agreement, the Company will be
responsible for taxes imposed on UST or any of its subsidiaries with respect
to a tax period ending on or before the Effective Time.
 
Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences
 
     UST has requested the Private Letter Ruling from the Service
substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Distribution will
qualify as tax-free to UST and its stockholders under Section 355 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and that the Asset
Transfers will not be taxable transactions. Receipt of the Private Letter
Ruling reasonably satisfactory to each of UST and Chase is a condition to the
respective obligations of UST and Chase to consummate the Merger and it is a
condition to each of the Company's and UST's obligation to consummate the
Distribution that all conditions to the Merger be satisfied. See "The
Distribution -- Terms of the Distribution Agreement -- Conditions to the
Distribution". Assuming that the Private Letter Ruling is received, the
following is a summary of the material Federal income tax consequences of the
Distribution:
 
          1. A UST stockholder will not recognize any income, gain or loss as
     a result of the Distribution.
 
          2. A UST stockholder will apportion its tax basis for its UST Common
     Stock between such UST Common Stock and Company Common Stock received in
     the Distribution in proportion to the relative fair market values of such
     UST Common Stock and Company Common Stock on the Distribution Date.
 
          3. A UST stockholder's holding period for the Company Common Stock
     received in the Distribution will include the period during which such
     stockholder held the UST Common Stock with respect to which the
     Distribution was made, provided that such UST Common Stock is held as a
     capital asset by such stockholder as of the Time of Distribution.
 
          4. No gain or loss will be recognized to UST as a result of the
     Distribution.
 
     Current Treasury regulations require each UST stockholder who receives
Company Common Stock pursuant to the Distribution to attach to its federal
income tax return for the year in which the Distribution occurs a detailed
statement setting forth such data as may be appropriate in order to show the
applicability of Section 355 of the Code to the Distribution. UST (or the
Company on its behalf) will convey the appropriate information to each UST
stockholder of record as of the Distribution Record Date.
 
                           RELATIONSHIP WITH CHASE
 
     Following the Merger, the Company will continue to have certain
relationships with Chase and its subsidiaries.
 
Post Closing Covenants Agreement; Tax Allocation Agreement
 
     In the Post Closing Covenants Agreement and the Tax Allocation Agreement,
Chase, UST and USTNY, on the one hand, and the Company and New Trustco, on the
other hand, will agree to indemnify each other after the Distribution with
respect to certain losses, damages, claims and liabilities arising primarily
from the conduct of the Chase Acquired Business, as well as certain tax
liabilities. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants
Agreement" and "-- Terms of the Tax Allocation Agreement". In addition, the
Company has agreed, pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, for a
period of four years after the Effective Time, not to engage in, or compete
with Chase with respect to, the Chase Acquired Business, subject to certain
limited exceptions. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing
Covenants Agreement -- The Company's Noncompetition Agreement".
 
                                     H-28
<PAGE>
 
Services Agreement
 
     In the Merger, Chase will acquire the Related Back Office, which includes
software and hardware necessary to conduct the Chase Acquired Business.
Certain core software, principally software to operate the Asset Management
System, will be transferred to New Trustco and licensed by New Trustco to
USTNY on a perpetual nonexclusive basis. Although the Related Back Office
primarily serves the Processing Business, it also provides necessary services
to the Core Businesses, all of which will be transferred to New Trustco and
its affiliates pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. Accordingly, prior to
the Time of Distribution, New Trustco and USTNY will enter into the Services
Agreement.
 
     Pursuant to the Services Agreement, USTNY will agree to furnish necessary
securities processing, custodial, data processing and other services (the
"Back Office Services") to New Trustco and its affiliates. The Services
Agreement will be in a form, and on terms, agreed to by UST and Chase on or
before February 28, 1995, substantially in accordance with the terms of the
Services Agreement Term Sheet entered into on November 18, 1994, between UST
and Chase. Following the Merger, USTNY will be merged (the "Bank Merger") with
and into The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association) ("CMB"). In the Bank
Merger, CMB will acquire the rights, and assume the obligations, of USTNY
under the Services Agreement.
 
     The parties intend that the Back Office Services furnished to New Trustco
and its affiliates under the Services Agreement will include all of the
functions that are currently performed by the Related Back Office, as well as
certain bank processing services, such as loan processing services, deposit
and check processing services (the "Bank Processing Services"). The Back
Office Services may be modified to reflect reasonable evolution or change in
the business of New Trustco and its affiliates. The Back Office Services will
not include any broker dealer services, securities industry banking services
or back-up servicing.
 
     Under the Services Agreement, CMB will provide the Back Office Services
to New Trustco for an initial term of five years beginning on the Closing
Date. With CMB's consent (which CMB may withhold in its sole discretion), New
Trustco may extend the initial term of the Services Agreement for an
additional five years. If CMB withholds such consent, New Trustco may in any
case extend the term of the Services Agreement for an additional two years.
 
     In consideration of the Back Office Services provided to it under the
Services Agreement, during the initial term, New Trustco will pay to CMB an
annual base fee of $10 million, which is significantly less than New Trustco's
estimate of the annual cost of providing such services itself. The annual base
fee for any additional term after the initial term will be an amount equal to
110% of the total fees paid by New Trustco in the fifth year of the initial
term.
 
     The annual base fee will cover all Back Office Services required by
normal growth of New Trustco and its affiliates, and will include, as well,
certain base levels of systems development and maintenance resources. CMB will
charge New Trustco at rates discounted from CMB's prevailing rates for similar
institutional business for any incremental Back Office Services attributable
to additional growth, evolution in the business of New Trustco and its
affiliates, and certain other new business.
 
     CMB may assign the Bank Processing Services or other data center services
provided under the Services Agreement to a third party, without New Trustco's
consent, provided the third party will also be providing such services to CMB.
CMB may not assign the remaining services to a third party, although it may
sell or transfer responsibility for the Back Office Services together with the
sale or transfer of the Chase business unit providing such Back Office
Services. New Trustco will not have the right to assign the Services Agreement
without CMB's consent.
 
     Either party may terminate the Services Agreement upon a material breach
by the other which has not been cured within 30 days after the expiration of a
15-day informal dispute resolution process initiated by the nonbreaching
party. Either party may terminate in the event that the other party becomes
insolvent or bankrupt or undergoes a change of control.
 
     New Trustco may terminate the Services Agreement for any reason effective
after the end of the first year by giving six months' advance notice. In the
event of such a termination, New Trustco will pay CMB a
 
                                     H-29
<PAGE>
 
termination fee of $2.5 million dollars, which fee will be reduced
incrementally over the term of the Services Agreement.
 
     In the event of any termination or expiration of the Services Agreement
(including termination due to any material breach of New Trustco), the
Services Agreement will obligate CMB to provide for up to one year (six months
in the case of a change in control) after the termination or expiration, in
consideration of fees in amounts to be negotiated, reasonably requested
termination assistance to facilitate a smooth transition of the responsibility
for the performance of the Back Office Services to New Trustco or its
designee.
 
                 LISTING AND TRADING OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK
 
     There is no existing trading market for the Company Common Stock and
there can be no assurance as to the establishment or continuity of any such
market. The Company expects to apply for listing of the Company Common Stock
on the National Market System. It is a condition to each of the Company's and
UST's obligation to consummate the Distribution that the Company Common Stock
shall have been designated as a security on the National Market System by the
NASD, or listed on the New York or American Stock Exchange subject to official
notice of issuance. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Distribution
Agreement -- Conditions to the Distribution". However, there can be no
assurance as to the price at which the Company Common Stock will trade or that
such price will not be significantly below the book value per share of the
Company Common Stock.
 
     The Company Common Stock received by UST stockholders pursuant to the
Distribution will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for
shares of such Company Common Stock received by any person who may be deemed
an "affiliate" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of the Company
after the Distribution generally include individuals or entities that control,
are controlled by, or are under common control with, the Company, and may
include the directors and principal executive officers of the Company as well
as any principal stockholder of the Company. Persons who are affiliates of the
Company will be permitted to sell their Company Common Stock received pursuant
to the Distribution only pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as the
exemptions afforded by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 144
thereunder.
 
                                     H-30
<PAGE>
 
                                CAPITALIZATION
 
     The following table sets forth, as of September 30, 1994, the combined
historical capitalization of the Company and its combined capital, as adjusted
to reflect the disposition of the Chase Acquired Business pursuant to the
Distribution and the Merger (the "Disposition") and the other related
restructuring transactions. For financial reporting purposes, the Company is a
"successor registrant" to UST and, as a result, the historical financial
information of the Company set forth below and included elsewhere in this
Information Statement is the historical financial information of UST. This
information should be read in conjunction with the Selected Financial Data and
Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements included elsewhere in this
Information Statement.
<TABLE>
                                                                 September 30, 1994
                                               -------------------------------------------------------
                                                             Disposition       Other         Company
                                               Historical    Adjustments    Adjustments     Pro Forma
                                               ----------    -----------    -----------     ----------
                                                               (Dollars In Thousands)
                                                                     (Unaudited)
<S>                                            <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>
Deposits.....................................  $2,383,209    $  (681,250)   $        0      $1,701,959
                                                =========      =========     =========       =========
Short-Term Borrowings........................  $1,187,958    $  (824,966)   $   66,852      $  429,844
                                                =========      =========     =========       =========
Long-Term Debt...............................  $   62,574        --         $  (42,403 )    $   20,171
                                                =========      =========     =========       =========
Stockholders' Equity
Common Stock -- $1.00 Par Value..............  $   11,512        --         $   (1,890 )    $    9,622
Capital Surplus..............................      70,190        --            (70,190 )             0
Retained Earnings............................     264,806        --            (93,161 )       171,645
Treasury Stock at Cost.......................     (85,895)       --             85,895               0
Loan to ESOP.................................     (16,171)       --                 --         (16,171)
Unrealized Gain (Loss), Net of Taxes, on
  Securities Available for Sale..............      (4,805)       --              4,805               0
                                               ----------    -----------    -----------     ----------
Total Stockholders' Equity...................  $  239,637    $   --         $  (74,541 )    $  165,096
                                                =========      =========     =========       =========
</TABLE>
- ---------------
 
See "Notes to Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements" on pages 37 through
40.
 
                                     H-31
<PAGE>
 
                   PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
     The following unaudited pro forma condensed statement of condition as of
September 30, 1994, unaudited pro forma condensed statements of income for the
year ended December 31, 1993 and the nine-month period ended September 30,
1994, and unaudited pro forma condensed statement of average balances for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 1994 (collectively, the "Pro Forma
Statements"), were prepared to present the estimated effects of the
disposition of the Chase Acquired Business, related restructuring transactions
and the effect of the Services Agreement as if such transactions had occurred
for statement of condition purposes as of September 30, 1994 and for statement
of income purposes as of January 1, 1993.
 
     The "Disposition Adjustments" column in each of the Pro Forma Statements
includes the following:
 
          - the reduction in assets, liabilities and the elimination from
            operations of the revenue and expenses related to the disposition
            of the Chase Acquired Business, and
 
          - the reduction in Securities and Short-Term Investments and
            Short-Term Borrowings arising from the Company's rebalancing of
            its asset and liability structure.
 
     The "Other Adjustments" column in each of the Pro Forma Statements
includes the following:
 
          - the balance sheet impact of the nonrecurring adjustments as set
            forth in footnote (1) of the Notes to Pro Forma Condensed
            Financial Statements, and
 
          - the ongoing impact on the Company's results of operations arising
            from the nonrecurring adjustments and the Services Agreement.
 
     All of the pro forma adjustments are based upon available information and
upon certain assumptions that the Company believes are appropriate and include
only "exit costs" as defined in Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 94-3 ("EITF
94-3") that are directly related to the transactions. The information is not
intended to be indicative of the Company's actual results had the transactions
occurred as of the dates indicated above nor do they purport to indicate
results which may be attained in the future.
 
     The Pro Forma Statements and accompanying notes should be read in
conjunction with the historical financial statements and other financial
information relating to UST. For financial reporting purposes, the Company
will be a "successor registrant" to UST and, as a result, the historical
financial information set forth in the Pro Forma Statements is the historical
financial information of UST.
 
     The Distribution will be accounted for by the Company as if UST had
continued in existence, with the carrying amounts of the assets and
liabilities being distributed being accounted for in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles at their historical values.
 
                                     H-32
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                  PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONDITION
 
                              September 30, 1994
                            (Dollars In Thousands)
                                 (Unaudited)

                                                              Company
                                                              Before
                                           Disposition         Other          Other              Company
                            Historical    Adjustments(a)    Adjustments    Adjustments         Pro Forma(l)
                            ----------    --------------    -----------    -----------         ------------
<S>                         <C>            <C>             <C>              <C>                 <C>        
Assets
Cash and Cash
  Equivalents.............  $  439,819     $   (282,852)    $   156,967     $ (42,545) b)       $  114,422
Securities................   1,731,890         (997,945)        733,945        --                  733,945
Net Loans, After Allowance
  for Credit Losses.......   1,555,191         (164,448)      1,390,743        --                1,390,743
Other Assets..............     291,631          (74,927)        216,704        53,906 (c           270,610
                            ----------    --------------    -----------    -----------         ------------
Total Assets..............  $4,018,531     $ (1,520,172)    $ 2,498,359     $  11,361           $2,509,720
                             =========      ===========       =========     =========           ==========
 
Liabilities
Deposits..................  $2,383,209     $   (681,250)    $ 1,701,959     $  --               $1,701,959
Short-Term Borrowings.....   1,187,958         (824,966)        362,992        66,852 (d           429,844
Accounts Payable and
  Accrued Liabilities.....     145,153          (13,956)        131,197        61,453 (e           192,650
Long-Term Debt............      62,574         --                62,574       (42,403) f)           20,171
                            ----------    --------------    -----------    -----------         ------------
Total Liabilities.........   3,778,894       (1,520,172)      2,258,722        85,902            2,344,624
                            ----------    --------------    -----------    -----------         ------------
 
Stockholders' Equity
Common Stock -- $1.00 Par
  Value...................      11,512         --                11,512        (1,890) g)            9,622
Capital Surplus...........      70,190         --                70,190       (70,190) h)                0
Retained Earnings.........     264,806         --               264,806       (93,161) i)          171,645
Treasury Stock at Cost....     (85,895)        --               (85,895)       85,895 (j                 0
Loan to ESOP..............     (16,171)        --               (16,171)       --                  (16,171)
Unrealized Gain (Loss),
  Net of Taxes, on
  Securities Available for
  Sale....................      (4,805)        --                (4,805)        4,805 (k                 0
                            ----------    --------------    -----------    -----------         ------------
Total Stockholders'
  Equity..................     239,637         --               239,637       (74,541)             165,096
                            ----------    --------------    -----------    -----------         ------------
Total Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity....  $4,018,531     $ (1,520,172)    $ 2,498,359     $  11,361           $2,509,720
                             =========      ===========       =========     =========           ==========
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
Capital Ratios
<S>                                                                                                 <C>
As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted
  Period End Total Assets:
     Tier 1 Capital.......................................................................          11.56%
     Total Capital........................................................................          12.64%
Tier 1 Leverage...........................................................................           6.36%
</TABLE>
                                     H-33
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                   PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME
 
                         Year Ended December 31, 1993
                 (Dollars In Thousands, Except Share Amounts)
                                 (Unaudited)

                                                         Reversal
                                                          of Back      Company
                                                         Office &      Before
                                         Disposition     Corporate      Other         Other           Company
                           Historical   Adjustments(m)   Staff(n)    Adjustments   Adjustments      Pro Forma(1)
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
<S>                        <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>              <C>        
Net Interest Income....... $  116,242     $  (53,399)    $  --        $   62,843    $  --            $    62,843
 
Provision for Credit
  Losses..................      4,000        --             --             4,000       --                  4,000
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
 
Net Interest Income After
  Provision for Credit
  Losses..................    112,242        (53,399)       --            58,843       --                 58,843
 
Fees......................    264,075        (92,938)       --           171,137       --                171,137
 
Other Income..............     11,888         (5,053)       --             6,835        (2,800)(o)         4,035
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
 
Total Revenue.............    388,205       (151,390)       --           236,815        (2,800)          234,015
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
 
Operating Expenses
 
Salaries and Benefits.....    189,153        (61,855)       19,125       146,423       (36,604)(p)       109,819
 
Net Occupancy.............     40,035         (9,360)        4,143        34,818        (6,066)(p)        28,752
 
Other.....................     86,332        (38,915)       23,003        70,420       (11,610)(p)        58,810
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
 
Total Operating
  Expenses................    315,520       (110,130)       46,271       251,661       (54,280)          197,381
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
 
Income Before Income Tax
  Expense.................     72,685        (41,260)      (46,271)      (14,846)       51,480            36,634
 
Income Tax Expense(q).....     30,418        (18,567)      (20,822)       (8,971)       23,166            14,195
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ------------
 
Net Income................ $   42,267     $  (22,693)    $ (25,449)   $   (5,875)   $   28,314       $    22,439
                            =========     ==========      ========      ========      ========        ==========
 
Net Income Per Share:(r)
 
  Primary................. $     4.26                                                                $      2.22
                            =========                                                                 ==========
 
Average Shares
  Outstanding:
 
  Primary.................  9,968,033                                                                 10,253,000
                            =========                                                                 ==========
</TABLE>
                                     H-34
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                   PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME
 
                     Nine Months Ended September 30, 1994
 
                 (Dollars In Thousands, Except Share Amounts)
 
                                 (Unaudited)
 
                                                         Reversal
                                                          of Back      Company
                                                         Office &      Before                        Company
                                         Disposition     Corporate      Other         Other            Pro
                           Historical   Adjustments(m)   Staff(n)    Adjustments   Adjustments       Forma(1)
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
<S>                        <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>       
Net Interest Income....... $   82,391     $  (32,579)    $  --        $   49,812    $  --           $   49,812
 
Provision for Credit
  Losses..................      1,500        --             --             1,500       --                1,500
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
 
Net Interest Income After
  Provision for Credit
  Losses..................     80,891        (32,579)       --            48,312       --               48,312
 
Fees......................    219,965        (76,931)       --           143,034       --              143,034
 
Other Income..............      9,720         (4,406)       --             5,314        (1,394)(o)       3,920
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
 
Total Revenue.............    310,576       (113,916)       --           196,660        (1,394)        195,266
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
 
Operating Expenses
 
Salaries and Benefits.....    153,080        (50,439)       14,646       117,287       (27,568)(p)      89,719
 
Net Occupancy.............     29,445         (7,519)        3,071        24,997        (3,601)(p)      21,396
 
Other.....................     65,097        (27,861)       16,072        53,308        (5,512)(p)      47,796
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
 
Total Operating
  Expenses................    247,622        (85,819)       33,789       195,592       (36,681)        158,911
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
 
Income Before Income Tax
  Expense.................     62,954        (28,097)      (33,789)        1,068        35,287          36,355
 
Income Tax Expense(q).....     26,441        (12,644)      (15,205)       (1,408)       15,879          14,471
                           ----------   --------------   ---------   -----------   -----------      ----------
 
Net Income................ $   36,513     $  (15,453)    $ (18,584)   $    2,476    $   19,408      $   21,884
                            =========     ==========      ========      ========      ========      ==========
 
Net Income Per Share:(r)
 
  Primary................. $     3.69                                                               $     2.15
                            =========                                                               ==========
 
Average Shares
  Outstanding:
 
  Primary.................  9,964,307                                                               10,284,000
                            =========                                                               ==========
 </TABLE>
                                     H-35
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
              PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF AVERAGE BALANCES
              For the Nine-Month Period Ended September 30, 1994
                                (In Thousands)
                                 (Unaudited)
 
                                              Disposition Adjustments
                                            ---------------------------
                                               Chase          Asset-
                                             Acquired        Liability          Other           Company
                             Historical      Business       Rebalancing     Adjustments(t)     Pro Forma
                             ----------     -----------     -----------     --------------     ----------
<S>                          <C>            <C>              <C>               <C>             <C>       
Assets
Cash and Cash
  Equivalents..............  $  344,565     $  (152,994)     $  --             $(42,545)       $  149,026
Securities and Short-Term
  Investments..............   1,978,198        (826,813)       (425,000)        --                726,385
Net Loans, After Allowance
  for Credit Losses........   1,260,793                                                         1,260,793
Other Assets...............     452,058        (172,658)(s)     --               53,906           333,306
                             ----------     -----------     -----------     --------------     ----------
Total Assets...............  $4,035,614     $(1,152,465)     $ (425,000)       $ 11,361        $2,469,510
                              =========      ==========       =========     ===========         =========
Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity
Deposits...................  $2,985,188     $(1,117,465)     $  --             $--             $1,867,723
Short-Term Borrowings......     591,500         --             (425,000)         66,852           233,352
Accounts Payable and
  Accrued Liabilities......     168,846         (35,000)        --               61,453           195,299
Long-Term Debt.............      62,861         --              --              (42,403)           20,458
Stockholders' Equity.......     227,219         --              --              (74,541)          152,678
                             ----------     -----------     -----------     --------------     ----------
Total Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity.....  $4,035,614     $(1,152,465)     $ (425,000)       $ 11,361        $2,469,510
                              =========      ==========       =========     ===========         =========
</TABLE>
                                     H-36
<PAGE>
 
              NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
     (a) Disposition Adjustments (Pro Forma Condensed Statement of
Condition) -- The Disposition Adjustments presented in the Pro Forma Condensed
Statement of Condition reflect both the disposition of the Chase Acquired
Business and the rebalancing of the Company's overall asset and liability
structure as a result of the Merger and related restructuring. See "The
Merger -- Terms of the Contribution Agreement" and "-- Terms of the
Distribution Agreement". The Pro Forma Condensed Statement of Average Balances
presents the Company's daily average balance sheet for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 1994 adjusted for the Merger, including the rebalancing of
the Company's asset and liability structure and the Other Adjustments.
 
     During the nine-month period ended September 30, 1994, the Chase Acquired
Business generated average non-interest bearing deposits of approximately
$1,117 million. Investable Deposits, defined as total average non-interest
bearing deposits less average cash items in the process of collection and
average overdrafts, were approximately $827 million during the nine-month
period ended September 30, 1994. The predictability of the Investable Deposits
provided UST with a long- and medium-term funding source. UST employed a
substantial portion of the Investable Deposits to finance its long-term
financial assets, including approximately $425 million of investment
securities, principally U.S. Government Agency Securities ("Agency
Securities"), classified as held to maturity. Following the execution of the
Merger Agreement, the Investable Deposits ceased to be a long-term source of
financing available to UST since they would be included in the Chase Acquired
Business. Accordingly, in anticipation of the closing of the Merger and the
effective transfer of the Chase Acquired Business to Chase, UST sold
approximately $800 million of long- and medium-term U.S. Government Treasury
Securities ("Treasury Securities") and Agency Securities. The proceeds of such
sale will be included in the Chase Acquired Business. (See note (m)).
 
     (b) Cash and Cash Equivalents -- The $42.5 million adjustment is
comprised of the estimated payments of investment banking, legal, accounting,
consulting and printing professional fees ($12,000,000 -- determined based
upon actual invoices and estimates supplied by the various vendors), the
estimated amount of payments necessary to cash-out holders of outstanding
stock options ($39,045,000), and the estimated amount of cash to be received
from the exercise of certain incentive stock options ($8,500,000 -- assumes
the exercise of approximately 236,000 incentive stock options at an average
exercise price of $36.00 per option).
 
     (c) Other Assets -- The $53.9 million increase in Other Assets reflects
(i) certain tax benefits resulting from the Disposition Adjustments and the
Other Adjustments ($66,353,000, reduced by $4,125,000 related to the reversal
of deferred tax benefits previously recorded attributable to the fair value
adjustment for securities available for sale) and (ii) the write-off of the
net book value of premises and equipment ($3,798,000) and computer software
($4,524,000) related to the termination of various leases.
 
     (d) Short-Term Borrowings -- The $66.9 million increase in short-term
borrowings reflects the borrowings required to replace accrued interest and
long-term debt (see notes (e) and (f)), and to replace the shortfall resulting
from the loss incurred on the sale of securities held to maturity.
 
     (e) Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities -- The $61.5 million
increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities includes estimated
severance costs ($21,100,000), the estimated present value (discounted at 8%)
of the cost of terminating leases at discontinued locations ($8,202,000), the
estimated cost of terminating computer hardware leases, software licenses and
contracts ($28,462,000), the estimated cost of terminating certain incentive
compensation plans ($5,100,000) and an amount to record the reversal in
accrued interest payable related to the redemption and satisfaction and
discharge of certain issues of long-term debt ($1,411,000). The estimated
severance costs consist of $12,700,000 of cash severance payments and the
impact of curtailment gains, enhanced pension credits and cost of living
adjustments with respect to the Company's defined benefit pension and
post-retirement benefit plans for specifically identified employees and
$8,400,000 of payments of transition bonuses to certain UST employees
associated with the Chase Acquired Business.
 
     (f) Long-Term Debt -- The $42.4 million reduction in long-term debt
reflects the redemption of the USTNY 8 1/2% Capital Notes Due 2001 and the
satisfaction and discharge of the UST 8% Notes Due 1996.
 
                                     H-37
<PAGE>
 
        NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
 
The cost of redeeming and defeasing this long-term debt is insignificant to
the Company's pro forma results of operations.
 
     (g) Common Stock -- The $1,890,000 decrease in Company Common Stock
reflects the retirement of treasury stock ($2,126,000) offset by the aggregate
par value amount of the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of an
estimated 236,000 incentive stock options at an estimated average exercise
price of $36.00 per share ($236,000).
 
     (h) Capital Surplus -- The $70.2 million adjustment reflects the
retirement of treasury stock ($78,454,000) offset, in part, by the amount of
cash proceeds in excess of the par value received in connection with the
expected exercise of 236,000 incentive stock options ($8,264,000).
 
     (i) Retained Earnings -- The $93.2 million adjustment reflects the
after-tax impact of the nonrecurring adjustments presented in note (l) below
($87,846,000) and the amount by which the book value of treasury stock retired
exceeds capital surplus ($5,315,000).
 
     (j) Treasury Stock at Cost -- The adjustment of $85.9 million reflects
the retirement of treasury stock.
 
     (k) Unrealized Gain (Loss), Net of Taxes, on Securities Available for
Sale -- The adjustment of $4.8 million ($8.9 million before taxes) reflects
the reversal of unrealized losses on securities available for sale that were
realized upon the sale of such securities.
 
     (l) The Pro Forma Statements of Income exclude the following material
nonrecurring adjustments directly related to the transaction which are
expected to be incurred prior to or as a result of the consummation of the
Merger. However, the Pro Forma Statements of Income do include the effect of
such adjustments on the operations of the Company. The Merger is expected to
occur within the next twelve months.
<TABLE>
                                                                                (Millions)
                                                                                ----------
    <S>                                                                           <C>
    Loss on sale of securities held to maturity (see note (d))................    $ 23.0
    Loss on sale of securities available for sale (see note (k))..............       8.9
    Severance, post-retirement benefits and related costs (see note (e))......      21.1
    Professional fees (see note (b))..........................................      12.0
    Cost of terminating leases for premises (see notes (c) and (e))...........      12.0
    Cost of terminating computer hardware leases, computer software licenses,
      contracts and capitalized software (see notes (c) and (e))..............      33.0
    Cost of incentive compensation plans that are being terminated (see note
      (e))....................................................................       5.1
    Payout for stock options (see note (b))...................................      39.1
                                                                                ----------
                                                                                   154.2
    Applicable tax benefit....................................................      66.4
                                                                                ----------
    Total.....................................................................    $ 87.8
                                                                                ========
</TABLE>
     In conjunction with the announcement of the Distribution and the Merger,
the Company disclosed that it may incur up to $110 million of restructuring
charges on an after-tax basis in connection with the Distribution and the
Merger. The difference between the $110 million and the charges described
above represents charges that do not presently meet the definition of "exit
costs" as defined by EITF 94-3 and the loss on the sale of securities as
described below.
 
     The pro forma adjustments for the loss on the sale of securities ($31.9
million loss before taxes, $16.8 million after taxes) are based upon the
market values of the securities on September 30, 1994. The $110 million of
restructuring charges include an estimated loss for the sale of securities
based upon market values as of the date that the Merger Agreement was
announced (November 18, 1994). The actual loss on the sale of securities,
$44.2 million before taxes, $23.3 million after taxes, was realized between
November 21, 1994 and December 9, 1994.
 
                                     H-38
<PAGE>
 
        NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
 
     While the amounts set forth above represent the Company's best estimate
of the restructuring costs that will be incurred, the ultimate level of such
charges will not be precisely determinable until the Closing Date. The cost of
terminating computer hardware leases takes into consideration the estimated
residual value of the equipment when it is returned to the lessor. Such
residual values could be severely impacted and the cost of terminating the
leases increased if the manufacturer releases upgraded versions of the
equipment prior to the lease termination date.
 
     The Company continues to review its staffing requirements. This review
will be completed by the Closing Date and may result in lower staffing levels.
Accordingly, the cost of severance and related benefits may range from the
above listed $21.1 million to approximately $24.0 million.
 
     The payout for stock options is based upon various assumptions, including
the Determined Value (as defined under "Effect of Transactions on UST
Employees and UST Benefit Plans -- Retained Plans" in the Proxy
Statement-Prospectus to which this Information Statement is attached as
Appendix H) of the shares of UST Common Stock, the number of stock options
that are outstanding as of the Closing Date and the average exercise price of
such outstanding options. As a result, the actual amount of the cash payment
to be made in respect of stock options will not be determinable until the
Closing Date.
 
     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the Company has agreed
to maintain a minimum net worth for four years following the Distribution. See
"The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants Agreement -- Minimum
Net Worth". After giving effect to the charges set forth in this note (l), the
Company believes that its initial annual dividend will be $1.00 per share. See
"Special Factors -- Dividends and Dividend Policy".
 
     (m) Disposition Adjustments (Pro Forma Condensed Statement of
Income) -- The Disposition Adjustments reflect the disposition of the Chase
Acquired Business pursuant to the Distribution and the Merger. The Disposition
Adjustments include the revenues and expenses of the Chase Acquired Business
as allocated in accordance with the allocation methodologies utilized by the
Company's internal management reporting system. The amount of net interest
income is based upon the average Investable Deposits multiplied by an
appropriate interest rate. The rate is based upon the rates earned by the
Company's long- and short-term securities. The rates were 5.44% for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 1994, and 5.39% for the year ended
December 31, 1993.
 
     While the average Investable Deposits for the nine-month period were
approximately $827 million, the Investable Deposits are subject to seasonal
fluctuation. Historically, Investable Deposits are higher in the first and
third quarters than in the second and fourth quarters. The Average Investable
Deposits for the first and third quarters of 1994 were $1,119 million and $833
million, respectively. The Investable Deposits for the second quarter of 1994
were $555 million. During 1993, Investable Deposits for the first and third
quarters were $1,096 million and $1,227 million, respectively, compared with
$783 million and $845 million, for the respective second and fourth quarters
of 1993. As a result of the Investable Deposits' seasonality, the Chase
Acquired Business' relative contribution of net interest income to UST is
significantly greater during the first and third quarters than in the second
and fourth quarters. The disposition of the Chase Acquired Business
substantially eliminates the seasonal fluctuations in the Company's net
interest income.
 
     Fees and Other Income represent amounts earned by the Chase Acquired
Business. In addition, fees earned by the Company's asset management business
from customers of the Chase Acquired Business are included in Fees and Other
Income, which fees are expected to be earned by Chase following the
Distribution and the Merger. Expenses reflect direct costs incurred and
allocations of other costs in accordance with the Company's internal
management reporting system.
 
     (n) Back Office and Corporate Staff -- The $46.3 million and $33.8
million of back office and corporate staff charges for the year ended December
31, 1993, and nine months ended September 30, 1994, respectively, are derived
from the Company's internal management accounting system and represent the
amounts allocated to the Chase Acquired Business for services provided. Back
office support costs include securities processing
 
                                     H-39
<PAGE>
 
        NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
 
and custody, check clearance and computer services processing and support and
corporate staff cost allocations include financial, personnel, legal and
general services support functions. Such back office support costs have been
added to the expenses of the Company Before Other Adjustments because such
costs were not eliminated in connection with the disposition of the Chase
Acquired Business. The estimated downsizing of the corporate staff and the
impact of the Services Agreement are reflected in the Other Adjustments.
 
     (o) Other Income -- Reflects the elimination of certain revenues
generated from computer processing activities conducted for third parties
which will no longer be provided following the Distribution and the Merger.
 
     (p) Salaries and Benefits, Net Occupancy and Other Expenses -- Reflects
the reduction of personnel, net occupancy costs and other expenses, as
indicated, resulting from the Distribution and the Merger, the downsizing of
the Company's corporate staff and the Services Agreement.
 
     (q) Income Taxes -- Income taxes reflected in the Pro Forma Statements of
Income are recorded at the statutory Federal tax rate of 35%, adjusted for the
impact of state and local taxes and nondeductible items. The resulting
effective tax rate for the Company was approximately 39% in both periods
presented.
 
     Taxes have been calculated on the "Other Adjustments" in the Pro Forma
Statement of Condition at the statutory Federal tax rate of 35%, adjusted for
state and local taxes and nondeductible items. The resulting effective tax
rate was approximately 43%. The Company anticipates realizing these tax
benefits in the periods in which the adjustments are reported on the Company's
tax returns.
 
     (r) Pro Forma Net Income Per Share -- Net income per share has been
calculated on a basis consistent with the Company's past practices and was
determined by dividing "Net Income -- Company Pro Forma" by the estimated
fully diluted average shares outstanding for each period. Estimated fully
diluted average shares outstanding include the actual average shares
outstanding for each of the periods, the assumed exercise of approximately
236,000 stock options and the dilutive effects of approximately 675,000
phantom shares granted under the Transferred Plans. Dividends paid on phantom
shares have been added back to net income on an after-tax basis for this
calculation.
 
     (s) For the purposes of determining the Pro Forma Condensed Statement of
Average Balances, the Chase Acquired Business average overdrafts are included
in Other Assets.
 
     (t) For the purposes of determining the Pro Forma Condensed Statement of
Average Balances, all Other Adjustments are assumed to have occurred as of
January 1, 1994.
 
                                     H-40
<PAGE>
 
                           SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
     The following table sets forth selected financial data of the Company for
each of the five fiscal years through the period ended December 31, 1993 and
for the nine months ended September 30, 1994 and 1993. The information has
been derived from the audited financial statements and the unaudited financial
statements of the Company. For financial reporting purposes, the Company is a
"successor registrant" to UST and as a result, the historical financial
information of the Company set forth below and elsewhere in this Information
Statement is the historical financial information of UST. The selected
financial data of the Company for the nine-month periods ended September 30,
1994 and 1993, in management's opinion, includes all adjustments, consisting
of only normal recurring accruals, necessary for a fair presentation of
financial position and the results of operations of the Company for the
unaudited interim periods. Historical financial information may not be
indicative of the Company's performance following the Distribution. The
selected financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" which follows this section. The results for the nine-month period
ended September 30, 1994 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be
expected for 1994. See the Pro Forma Condensed Statements of Income included
elsewhere herein for per share data presented on a pro forma basis, adjusted
to reflect the Distribution and the Merger.
<TABLE>
                                                   Nine Months
                                                      ended
                                                  September 30,                        Year ended December 31,
                                               --------------------    --------------------------------------------------------
                                                 1994        1993        1993        1992        1991        1990        1989
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
                                               (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>     
Fiduciary and Other Fees.....................  $  220.0    $  193.7    $  264.1    $  235.8    $  204.9    $  184.2    $  177.8
Net Interest Income..........................      82.4        88.6       116.2       108.9        96.1        89.4        83.3
Provision for Credit Losses..................      (1.5)       (3.5)       (4.0)       (6.0)       (6.0)       (8.4)       (1.6)
Other Income.................................       9.7         6.5        11.9         9.7         8.7        13.0        16.6
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Total Operating Income Net of Interest
  Expense and Provision for Credit Losses....     310.6       285.3       388.2       348.4       303.7       278.2       276.1
Total Operating Expenses.....................     247.6       227.8       315.5       289.5       254.9       259.7       232.9
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Income from Operations Before Income Tax
  Expense and Cumulative Effect of Accounting
  Changes....................................      63.0        57.5        72.7        58.9        48.8        18.5        43.2
Income Tax Expense...........................      26.5        24.4        30.4        22.4        17.4         6.8        12.5
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Income from Operations Before Cumulative
  Effect of Accounting Changes...............      36.5        33.1        42.3        36.5        31.4        11.7        30.7
Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting
  for Postretirement Benefits and Income
  Taxes......................................        --          --          --        (7.8)         --          --          --
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Net Income...................................  $   36.5    $   33.1    $   42.3    $   28.8    $   31.4    $   11.7    $   30.7
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Per Common Share:
Primary:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative
    Effect of Accounting Changes.............  $   3.69    $   3.35    $   4.26    $   3.76    $   3.32    $   1.24    $   3.08
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting
    for Postretirement Benefits and Income
    Taxes....................................        --          --          --        (.80)         --          --          --
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Net Income.................................  $   3.69    $   3.35    $   4.26    $   2.96    $   3.32    $   1.24    $   3.08
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Fully Diluted:
  Income From Operations Before Cumulative
    Effect of Accounting Changes.............  $   3.68    $   3.34    $   4.25    $   3.74    $   3.27    $   1.23    $   3.07
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting
    for Postretirement Benefits and Income
    Taxes....................................        --          --          --        (.80)         --          --          --
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
  Net Income.................................  $   3.68    $   3.34    $   4.25    $   2.94    $   3.27    $   1.23    $   3.07
                                               --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
Cash Dividends Declared Per Share............      1.50        1.41        1.88        1.72        1.60        1.60        1.52
At Period End:
  Total Assets...............................  $  4,019    $  3,690    $  3,186    $  2,951    $  2,917    $  2,778    $  2,526
  Total Deposits.............................     2,383       2,554       2,487       2,355       2,108       2,040       1,987
  Long-Term Debt.............................        63          67          65          65          69          71          75
  Stockholders' Equity.......................       240         217         229         197         182         166         177
Earnings Ratios:
  Return on Average Total Assets.............      1.21%       1.16%       1.11%       0.83%       1.09%       0.46%       1.26%
  Return on Average Stockholders' Equity.....     21.48%      21.67%      20.47%      15.28%      18.05%       6.75%      17.29%
Capital Ratios:
As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted Period End
  Total Assets:
  Tier 1 Capital.............................     14.19%      13.23%      14.08%      13.71%      10.81%       9.90%       9.99%
  Total Capital..............................     15.51%      14.71%      15.47%      15.16%      12.03%      11.22%      11.26%
Tier 1 Leverage..............................      5.70%       5.11%       5.60%       5.78%       6.68%       6.72%       7.60%

- ---------------
 
*Columns may not total due to roundings.
</TABLE>
                                     H-41
<PAGE>
 
                   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
     For financial reporting purposes, the Company is a "successor registrant"
to UST and, as such, all financial information of the Company included in this
discussion and included elsewhere in this Information Statement is the
historical financial information of UST. Therefore, references to the
"Company" in this discussion are references to "UST" when referring to
historical information.
 
     The following is a discussion of the Company's results of operations and
financial condition for the comparable nine months ended September 30, 1994
and 1993, and for each of the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.
See "Recent Developments" for a discussion of the Company's unaudited results
for the year and three-month period ended December 31, 1994. Where
appropriate, references are made to the Pro Forma Financial Statements, which
reflect the Disposition. Certain items reported in prior periods have been
reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
 
Results of Operations
 
Nine Months Ended September 30, 1994 Compared to the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 1993
 
     Net income for the third quarter ended September 30, 1994 was $12.9
million, an increase of 8.6% over the $11.9 million earned in the third
quarter of 1993. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 1994, net
income was $36.5 million, a 10.2% improvement over the $33.1 million of net
income for the same period in 1993.
 
     The Company's return on average stockholders' equity for the first nine
months of 1994 was 21.5%, compared to 21.7% for the first nine months of 1993.
Its return on average total assets was 1.21% for the nine months ended
September 30, 1994, versus 1.16% for the nine months ended September 30, 1993.
<TABLE>
     Net Interest Income (Taxable Equivalent Basis)
 
                                                           Three-Month        Nine-Month Periods
                                                          Periods Ended
                                                          September 30,       Ended September 30,
                                                        -----------------     -------------------
                                                         1994      1993         1994       1993
                                                        -------   -------     --------   --------
                                                                 (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                     <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>     
Interest Income.......................................  $50,378   $45,497     $136,762   $128,674
Taxable Equivalent Adjustment.........................    1,183     1,364        3,554      4,420
                                                        -------   -------     --------   --------
Total Interest Income.................................   51,561    46,861      140,316    133,094
Interest Expense......................................   22,365    13,909       54,371     40,115
                                                        -------   -------     --------   --------
Net Interest Income...................................  $29,196   $32,952     $ 85,945   $ 92,979
                                                        =======   =======     ========   ========
</TABLE>
     Net interest income, on a taxable equivalent basis, was $3.8 million
lower in the third quarter of 1994, compared to the third quarter of 1993. For
the first nine months of 1994, net interest income, on a taxable equivalent
basis, was $7.0 million lower than net interest income for the first nine
months of 1993.
 
                                     H-42
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                                Three-Month         Nine-Month
                                                               Periods Ended       Periods Ended
                                                               September 30,       September 30,
                                                              ---------------     ---------------
                                                               1994     1993       1994     1993
                                                              ------   ------     ------   ------
                                                              (Dollars In Millions)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>   
Average Volume
Interest Earning Assets.....................................  $3,358   $3,391     $3,269   $3,114
Interest Bearing Liabilities................................   2,153    1,776      2,001    1,691
                                                              ------   ------     ------   ------
Net Interest Earning Assets.................................  $1,205   $1,615     $1,268   $1,423
                                                              ======   ======     ======   ======
Non-Interest Bearing Deposits...............................  $1,607   $1,963     $1,639   $1,776
                                                              ======   ======     ======   ======
Average Rates (Taxable Equivalent Basis)
Interest Earning Assets.....................................    6.12%    5.50%      5.73%    5.71%
Cost of Funding Interest Earning Assets.....................    2.65     1.63       2.22     1.72
                                                              ------   ------     ------   ------
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets........................    3.47%    3.87%      3.51%    3.99%
                                                              ======   ======     ======   ======
</TABLE>
     The Company's net interest income is sensitive to its volume of
non-interest bearing deposits which are primarily derived from the Processing
Business, as well as to the level of interest rates on interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing liabilities. The Company's level of non-interest bearing
funds (primarily non-interest bearing deposits) for the third quarter of 1994
decreased 25.4% ($411 million) from the same period during 1993. For the first
nine months of 1994, the Company's average volume of non-interest bearing
funds declined 10.9% ($155 million) from the same period during 1993. These
declines were principally a result of a reduction in the amount of the
Processing Business' balances. For the nine month period ended September 30,
1994, the Processing Business' averaged $1,117 million compared with $1,300
million for the 1993 period.
 
     The Processing Business' non-interest bearing deposit balances are
seasonal. Historically, non-interest bearing deposit balances related to the
Processing Business are higher in the first and third quarters than in the
second and fourth quarters. The average non-interest bearing deposit balances
for the first and third quarters of 1994 derived from the Processing Business
were approximately $1,370 million and $1,126 million, respectively, compared
with $832 million of average non-interest bearing deposit balances for the
second quarter. As a result, the Processing Business' relative contribution of
net interest income to the Company was significantly higher during each of the
first and third quarters relative to its contribution during the second
quarter of 1994. This seasonality has been evident during each of the three
years ended December 31, 1993.
 
     The volume of the Processing Business' non-interest bearing deposits is
generally inversely related to the level of interest rates. Thus, in periods
of decreasing interest rates, the average balance of non-interest bearing
deposits derived from the Processing Business tends to increase, whereas in
periods of rising interest rates, the average balance typically declines.
Interest rates were low in 1993 and the Processing Business experienced its
highest level of average deposit balances.
 
     The Company's consolidated average non-interest bearing deposit balances
for the third quarter of 1994 were $1,607 million, compared to $1,963 million
for the third quarter of 1993. The Processing Business' average non-interest
bearing deposit balances were $1,126 million and $1,519 million, respectively,
for the third quarter of 1994 and 1993.
 
     The net yield on average interest-earning assets was 3.47% for the third
quarter and 3.51% for the nine months ended September 30, 1994, compared to
3.87% for the third quarter and 3.99% for the nine months ended September 30,
1993. The average interest rate earned on the Company's securities portfolio
was 5.43% for the third quarter of 1994, compared to 5.59% for the third
quarter of 1993. For the first nine months of 1994, the average interest rate
earned in the Company's securities portfolio was 5.21%, as compared to 5.78%
for the first nine months of 1993. The lower average interest rate earned in
the third quarter and nine-month periods of 1994, as compared with the same
periods in 1993, reflects the reinvestment of the funds obtained from
maturities and sales of securities at lower interest rates and with shorter
maturities.
 
                                     H-43
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
     Fee Income
 
                                        Three-Month                    Nine-Month Periods
                                       Periods Ended
                                       September 30,                  Ended September 30,
                                     ------------------       %       --------------------       %
                                      1994       1993      Change       1994        1993      Change
                                     -------    -------    -------    --------    --------    -------
                                                          (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                  <C>        <C>          <C>      <C>         <C>           <C>  
Fiduciary and Other Fees:
  Core Businesses:
     Asset Management..............  $42,354    $38,688       9.5%    $127,005    $110,909      14.5%
     Corporate Trust and Agency....    5,465      4,682      16.7       16,029      13,938      15.0
                                     -------    -------               --------    --------
       Total Core Businesses.......   47,819     43,370      10.3      143,034     124,847      14.6
                                     -------    -------               --------    --------
  Processing Business:
     Funds Services................   19,072     17,094      11.6       56,533      50,452      12.1
     Institutional Asset
       Services....................    6,922      6,099      13.5       20,398      18,442      10.6
                                     -------    -------               --------    --------
       Total Processing Business...   25,994     23,193      12.1       76,931      68,894      11.7
                                     -------    -------               --------    --------
Total Fiduciary and Other Fees.....   73,813     66,563      10.9      219,965     193,741      13.5
Other Income:
Securities Gains (Losses), Net.....       25         (3)       --        2,059          22        --
Other..............................    3,138      2,123      47.8        7,661       6,486      18.1
                                     -------    -------               --------    --------
Total Fee Income...................  $76,976    $68,683      12.1%    $229,685    $200,249      14.7%
                                     =======    =======    ======     ========    ========    ======
</TABLE>
     Total fiduciary and other fees increased $7.3 million in the third
quarter of 1994 from the third quarter of 1993. The first nine months of 1994
include six months, or $3.8 million, of fiduciary and other fees attributable
to U.S. Trust Company of the Pacific Northwest ("Pacific Northwest"), formerly
Capital Trust Company, a trust and investment management firm acquired on July
7, 1993. Excluding such $3.8 million of fiduciary and other fees, the Core
Businesses' fiduciary and other fee income would have been 11.1% higher than
such fee income for the comparable 1993 period. In the third quarter of 1994,
$35.8 million of the Core Businesses' fiduciary and other fees were related to
the market value of assets held in clients' accounts, compared with $34.7
million in the third quarter of 1993. For the nine-month period ended
September 30, 1994, $107.1 million of the Core Businesses' fiduciary and other
fees were related to the market value of assets held in clients' accounts,
compared with $99.6 million for the nine-month period ended September 30,
1993. The remaining fiduciary and other fees of the Core Businesses were
related to transaction-based services.
 
     Total assets under management increased 5.5% to $32.4 billion at
September 30, 1994, compared to $30.7 billion at September 30, 1993. The
Processing Business included approximately $2.6 billion of assets under
management as of September 30, 1994, compared to $1.8 billion as of September
30, 1993. Substantially all of these assets derive from short-term cash
management account relationships. In addition, the Processing Business
included approximately $3.9 billion of assets from security lending
relationships with corporate and institutional custody clients which are
reported in the table below under "Processing Business -- Custody and Other
Non-Managed Assets". The average rates charged for short-term cash management
and security lending services are significantly less than the average rates
charged on the entire portfolio of assets under management. It is anticipated
that substantially all of those assets under management, including the
security lending relationships, will be managed by Chase following the
Disposition. Fee income generated by these activities is included in the
Processing Business' fiduciary fees and other income. Total assets under
management and administration increased 7.5% to $419.3 billion at September
30, 1994, compared to $390.1 billion at September 30, 1993. The following
table details assets under management and administration for the Company and
the Processing Business as of September 30, 1994 and 1993.
 
                                     H-44
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                                      September 30,
                                                                    -----------------       %
                                                                     1994       1993      Change
                                                                    ------     ------     ------
                                                                       (Dollars In Billions)
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>         <C>  
Core Businesses:
Assets Under Management...........................................  $ 32.4     $ 30.7       5.5%
Personal Custody..................................................     7.7        8.5      (8.8)
Corporate and Municipal Trusteeships and Agency Relationships*....   156.3      147.4       6.0
                                                                    ------     ------
     Total Assets Under Management and Administration for the Core
      Businesses..................................................   196.4      186.6       5.3
                                                                    ------     ------     ------
Processing Business:
Custody and Other Non-Managed Assets:
  Institutional Services..........................................   116.0      100.3      15.6
  Funds Services**................................................   106.9      103.2       3.6
                                                                    ------     ------
     Total Assets Under Management and Administration for the
       Processing Business........................................   222.9      203.5       9.5
                                                                    ------     ------
Total Assets Under Management and Administration..................  $419.3     $390.1       7.5%
                                                                    ======     ======     =====
 
- ---------------
 * Includes corporate trust and agency and bond immobilization assets
   presented at par value.
 
** Includes UIT assets presented at par value and mutual fund custody assets
   presented at fair market value.
</TABLE>
     Other Income
 
     Net securities gains in the third quarter of 1994 and both the third
quarter and first nine months of 1993 were negligible. Net securities gains
totaled $2.1 million for the first nine months of 1994, reflecting the sale of
certain securities classified as available for sale, mainly Treasury
Securities, during the first quarter.
 
     See "-- Impact of the Disposition on Liquidity" for a discussion of
securities sold by the Company during the fourth quarter of 1994.
 
     Total Revenues
 
     Total revenues, defined as net interest income after the provision for
credit losses and fee income, for the Core Businesses and the Processing
Business for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 1994 and 1993 are as
follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                      Nine-Month
                                                                     Periods Ended
                                                                     September 30,
                                                                 ---------------------
                                                                   1994         1993
                                                                 --------     --------
                                                                (Dollars In Thousands)
        <S>                                                     <C>          <C>
        Core Businesses Revenues...............................  $196,660     $168,476
        Processing Business Revenues...........................   113,916      116,832
                                                                 --------     --------
        Total Revenues.........................................  $310,576     $285,308
                                                                 ========     ========
</TABLE>
     Revenues of the Core Businesses and the Processing Business are based
upon the allocation methodologies utilized by the Company's internal
management reporting system. The amount of net interest income allocated to
each business is based upon the average net deposit balances supplied by each
business multiplied by an appropriate internally-generated interest rate. The
"net deposit" balances consist of both interest and non-interest bearing
deposit balances reduced by overdraft loans and cash items in the process of
collection. The internally-generated interest rate is based upon the actual
interest rates earned by the Company on long-and short-term securities for the
relevant period. Fee revenue is allocated directly to the businesses
performing the service from which the revenue is derived.
 
                                     H-45
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
     Operating Expenses
 
                                                   Three-Month                 Nine-Month Periods
                                                  Periods Ended
                                                  September 30,                Ended September 30,
                                                -----------------     %        -------------------     %
                                                 1994      1993     Change       1994       1993     Change
                                                -------   -------   ------     --------   --------   ------
                                                (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>     
Salaries......................................  $34,253   $30,895   (10.9 )%   $100,530   $ 88,311   (13.8 )%
Employee Benefits and Incentive
  Compensation................................   15,787    16,722     5.6        52,550     50,729    (3.6 )
                                                -------   -------              --------   --------
Total Salaries and Benefits...................   50,040    47,617    (5.1 )     153,080    139,040   (10.1 )
Net Occupancy.................................   10,312     9,947    (3.7 )      29,445     29,442      --
Equipment.....................................    4,794     4,420    (8.5 )      13,541     13,044    (3.8 )
Other.........................................   17,376    16,344    (6.3 )      51,556     46,283   (11.4 )
                                                -------   -------              --------   --------
Total Operating Expenses......................  $82,522   $78,328    (5.4 )%   $247,622   $227,809    (8.7 )%
                                                ========  ========  =======    =========  =========  =======
</TABLE>
     Operating expenses in the third quarter of 1994 increased $4.2 million to
$82.5 million from the $78.3 million reported in the third quarter of 1993.
For the nine months ended September 30, 1994, operating expenses amounted to
$247.6 million, a $19.8 million increase over the $227.8 million incurred in
the nine months ended September 30, 1993. Salaries and employee benefit
expenses, including sales incentives and commissions, increased $2.4 million
in the third quarter and $14.0 million for the first nine months of 1994, as
compared to the same periods in 1993, reflecting increases in the professional
staffs of the asset management and mutual funds services divisions and related
employee benefit expenses. For the third quarter of 1994, the ratio of total
operating expenses to taxable equivalent total operating income, net of
interest expense and provision for credit losses, was 78.1%, compared to 77.8%
for the third quarter of 1993. For the nine months ended September 30, 1994,
the ratio of total operating expenses to taxable equivalent total operating
income, net of interest expense and provision for credit losses, was 78.8%, as
compared to 78.6% for the first nine months ended September 30, 1993.
 
     Operating expenses applicable to the Core Businesses and the Processing
Business for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 1994 and 1993 are as
follows:
<TABLE>
                                                               Nine-Month Periods
                                                              Ended September 30,
                                                             ----------------------
                                                               1994         1993
                                                             ---------    ---------
                                                             (Dollars In Thousands)
            <S>                                              <C>          <C>       
            Core Businesses:
              Salaries and Benefits........................  $  89,483    $  79,447
              Net Occupancy................................     15,278       13,784
              Other........................................     37,706       30,394
                                                             ---------    ---------
              Subtotal.....................................    142,467      123,625
                                                             ---------    ---------
            Processing Business:
              Salaries and Benefits........................     50,439       49,216
              Net Occupancy................................      7,519        6,806
              Other........................................     27,861       21,766
                                                             ---------    ---------
              Subtotal.....................................     85,819       77,788
                                                             ---------    ---------
            Corporate Overhead.............................     19,336       26,396
                                                             ---------    ---------
                      Total Operating Expenses.............  $ 247,622    $ 227,809
                                                              ========     ========
</TABLE>
     Operating expenses associated with the Core Businesses and the Processing
Business are determined by the Company's internal management accounting
information system. The Company's management accounting practices and policies
have been developed and implemented with the objective of reflecting the
economics of the respective businesses. Direct costs are those expenses that
can be directly attributable to a specific
 
                                     H-46
<PAGE>
 
business activity. Direct expenses include actual salaries and benefits of the
employees of the business, net occupancy costs based upon actual space
utilized and furniture and equipment specifically employed by the business.
 
     The Company has developed methodologies to capture and allocate expenses
that are not directly incurred by the businesses but for which there is a
direct relationship between the level of business activity and the amount of
cost incurred. Such methodologies employ volume or percentage allocation bases
or the activity of other expense or balance sheet accounts. Indirect costs
include computer, securities clearing and bank operations transfer charges
which are allocated on the basis of volume statistics.
 
     Corporate overhead consists of unallocated costs not specifically
attributable to the respective businesses, including financial, legal and
other general purpose corporate expenses.
 
     Income Taxes
 
     The Company's effective tax rate for the 1994 third quarter was 41.1%,
compared with an effective tax rate of 43.1% for the 1993 period. The 1993 tax
rate included the impact of the increase in the federal corporate income tax
rate, which was retroactive to January 1, 1993. For the nine months ended
September 30, 1994, the effective tax rate was 42.0% versus 42.4% in 1993.
 
Year Ended December 31, 1993 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 1992 and
Year Ended December 31, 1992 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 1991:
 
     Income from operations for the year ended December 31, 1993 amounted to
$42.3 million, an increase of 15.7% over the $36.5 million earned in the year
ended December 31, 1992. For the year ended December 31, 1992 compared to the
year ended December 31, 1991, income from operations increased 16.4%.
<TABLE>
     Net Interest Income (Taxable Equivalent Basis)
 
                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                             (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Interest Income............................................  $169,600     $173,211     $191,354
Taxable Equivalent Adjustment..............................     5,810        8,237       10,228
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Total Interest Income......................................   175,410      181,448      201,582
Interest Expense...........................................    53,358       64,323       95,256
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Net Interest Income........................................  $122,052     $117,125     $106,326
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Percentage Increase from Prior Period......................       4.2%        10.2%         4.8%
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
     Significant influences on the Company's net interest income over the past
three years included: the average balance of net non-interest bearing funds
primarily attributable to the Processing Business; a reduction in the average
yield on short-term and variable rate investments and loans; and an increase
in total interest earning assets.
 
                                     H-47
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                   ----------------------------
                                                                    1993       1992       1991
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
                                                                      (Dollars In Millions)
<S>                                                                <C>        <C>        <C>   
Average Volume
Interest Earning Assets.........................................   $3,086     $2,834     $2,447
Interest Bearing Liabilities....................................    1,699      1,674      1,606
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
Net Interest Earning Assets.....................................   $1,387     $1,160     $  841
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
Percentage Increase from Prior Period...........................     19.6%      38.0%      12.5%
Non-Interest Bearing Deposits...................................   $1,761     $1,508     $1,021
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
Percentage Increase from Prior Period...........................     16.8%      47.7%      11.2%
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
Average Rates (Taxable Equivalent Basis)
Interest Earning Assets.........................................     5.68%      6.40%      8.24%
Cost of Funding Interest Earning Assets.........................     1.73       2.27       3.89
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets............................     3.95%      4.13%      4.35%
                                                                   ======     ======     ======
</TABLE>
     The net yield on interest earning assets is dependent upon the Company's
average level of non-interest bearing funds, the maturity structure of the
Company's interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities and the
general interest rate environment. If the average volume of such funds is
stable, the net yield will generally be higher in a rising interest rate
environment. Conversely, in a declining interest rate environment, the net
yield will be lower.
 
     Temporary inflows of deposits, mainly related to the Processing Business,
are invested in high quality liquid short-term financial instruments that
ensure the Company an adequate rate of return, while maintaining liquidity and
credit quality to satisfy the eventual outflow of the deposits.
 
     During 1993, average interest earning assets increased by $148 million of
private banking loans and $160 million of short-term financial instruments.
The higher volume of average interest earning assets was funded primarily by
increases in average net non-interest bearing funds, derived principally from
the Processing Business.
 
     The increase in average interest earning assets during 1992 was primarily
attributable to increases in private banking loans ($168 million) and high
quality securities ($365 million). The level of average short-term financial
instruments was reduced during this period ($178 million) and replaced by
Treasury Securities having an average maturity of less than one year. The
higher volume of average interest earning assets was funded mainly by
increases in average net non-interest bearing funds, principally related to
the Processing Business.
 
                                     H-48
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
     Fee Income
 
                                                       Years Ended December 31,          % Change
                                                    ------------------------------     -------------
                                                      1993       1992       1991       93-92   92-91
                                                    --------   --------   --------     -----   -----
                                                        (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>     <C>  
Fiduciary and Other Fees:
  Core Businesses:
     Asset Management.............................  $152,362   $131,188   $113,031     16.1 %  16.1 %
     Corporate Trust and Agency...................    18,775     16,916     15,251     11.0    10.9
                                                    --------   --------   --------
          Total Core Businesses...................   171,137    148,104    128,282     15.6    15.5
                                                    --------   --------   --------
  Processing Business:
     Funds Services...............................    68,196     63,412     53,603      7.5    18.3
     Institutional Asset Services.................    24,742     24,308     23,063      1.2     5.4
                                                    --------   --------   --------
          Total Processing Business...............    92,938     87,720     76,666      5.9    14.4
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Total Fiduciary and Other Fees....................   264,075    235,824    204,948     12.0    15.1
Other Income:
Securities Gains, Net.............................     3,025      2,801      1,558      8.0    79.8
Other.............................................     8,863      6,939      7,165     27.7    (3.2 )
                                                    --------   --------   --------
Total Fees and Other Income.......................  $275,963   $245,564   $213,671     12.4 %  14.9 %
                                                    ========   ========   ========     ====    ====
Total Fees and Other Income as a Percent of
  Taxable Equivalent Operating Income, Net of
  Interest Expense and Provision for Credit
  Losses..........................................      70.0%      68.8%      68.1%
                                                    ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>
     Fiduciary and other fees are the largest component of both the Core
Businesses and Processing Business revenues. Fee-based services provide a
relatively stable core source of revenues that are less subject to change in
periods of interest rate volatility as compared to net interest income. The
credit loss experience from fee-based activities has been and continues to be
negligible.
 
     Fiduciary fees are based typically on the market value or par value of
assets under management and administration, the volume of securities
transactions, income collection transactions and other services rendered.
 
     Most asset management fees are determined on an incremental scale so that
as the value of a client's portfolio grows in size, the Company receives a
smaller percentage of the increasing value as fee income. Therefore, market
value or other incremental changes in a portfolio's size do not necessarily
have a proportionate impact on the level of fiduciary fees.
 
     For the year ended December 31, 1993, $133.8 million of the Core
Businesses' fiduciary and other fees were related to the market value of
assets held in clients' accounts, compared with $119.8 million and $103.3
million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 1992, and 1991. The
remaining fiduciary and other fees of the Core Businesses were related to
transaction-based services.
 
                                     H-49
<PAGE>
 
     The following table provides details of assets under management and
administration for the last six years. Unless otherwise noted, asset values
are measured at their estimated fair value.
<TABLE>
                                                                                            Compound
                                                         December 31,                        Growth
                                      ---------------------------------------------------     Rate
                                       1993     1992     1991     1990     1989     1988     88-93
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   --------
                                      (Dollars In Billions)
<S>                                   <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
Core Businesses:
Assets Under Management.............  $ 32.2   $ 26.5   $ 21.9   $ 18.1   $ 18.0   $ 15.3     16.0%
Personal Custody....................     7.9      6.0      6.8      6.1      4.7      4.2     13.5
Corporate and Municipal Trusteeships
  and Agency Relationships*.........   152.2    134.6    121.5    109.6    102.3     89.3     11.3
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
  Total Assets Under Management and
     Administration for the Core
     Businesses.....................   192.3    167.1    150.2    133.8    125.0    108.8     12.1
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Processing Business:
Custody and Other Non-Managed
  Assets:
  Institutional Services............    97.6     92.9     81.8     81.6     68.0     57.9     11.0
  Funds Services**..................   103.3     91.8     84.3     62.4     54.3     51.7     14.9
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
  Total Assets Under Management and
     Administration for the
     Processing Business............   200.9    184.7    166.1    144.0    122.3    109.6     12.9
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Total Assets Under Management and
  Administration....................  $393.2   $351.8   $316.3   $277.8   $247.3   $218.4     12.5%
                                      ======   ======   ======   ======   ======   ======   ========
 
- ---------------
 * Includes corporate trust and agency and bond immobilization assets
   presented at par value.
 
** Includes UIT assets presented at par value and mutual fund custody assets
   presented at fair market value.
</TABLE>
     Assets Under Management
 
     Assets under management and administration consist primarily of equities,
fixed income instruments and cash. The Company's investment professionals
manage these assets for individual, family, pooled, and mutual funds
investment clients.
 
     Asset management fiduciary fees are derived mainly from investment
management and related services to individuals and institutions. These
services include investment portfolio management, estate and tax planning and
personal custody. Asset management fiduciary fees are based primarily on the
market value of the assets in clients' accounts. In general, fiduciary fees
are influenced by a variety of factors, including growth or decline of stock
and bond market levels, fee increases, revenue from new services, outflow of
assets due to terminating trusts, disbursements, gifts, etc., acquisitions,
and new business. The increase in asset management fiduciary fees during 1993
is related to higher market values, new business and acquisitions. Assets
under management as of December 31, 1993 increased by 21.8% from assets under
management as of December 31, 1992.
 
     Asset management fiduciary fees in 1993 include revenues from Pacific
Northwest, a trust and investment management firm acquired in July 1993, and a
full year of revenues from Campbell, Cowperthwait & Co., Inc. ("Campbell"), an
investment advisory company acquired in December 1992. Asset management
fiduciary fees in 1992 include revenues from Delafield, Harvey, Tabell
("Delafield"), an investment advisory company acquired in April 1992.
Fiduciary fees from these acquisitions amounted to less than 5% and 3% of
total asset management fiduciary fees in 1993 and 1992, respectively. These
acquisitions accounted for 5.6% and 4.0% of assets under management as of
December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
 
     As previously noted, the Company believes it is well positioned to
increase fee revenue due to favorable growth rates in the overall affluent
market, expansion into new geographic markets, selective acquisitions,
development of new services, solicitation of new market segments and new
business development. Increases in
 
                                     H-50
<PAGE>
 
fee revenue are expected to come from the Company's institutional asset
management business, where the Company has developed a dedicated sales force
and has expanded the range of investment products it offers. Another key
strategy for increasing fee revenues is the Company's recently implemented
initiative to broaden the distribution of its investment products via third
parties.
 
     Corporate trust and agency activities include the indenture trustee
business for corporate and municipal debt issues, as well as complex new types
of securities. Corporate trust fiduciary fees are affected by the volume of
new debt issuances and redemptions at, or in advance of, maturity of existing
issues. The volume of corporate and municipal trusteeships and agency
relationships (measured by the par value of the outstanding debt) increased
13.1% in 1993 and 10.8% in 1992.
 
     Assets Under Administration -- The Processing Business
 
     Institutional asset services ("IAS") includes master trust and custody
services, securities lending and global custody services to corporate employee
benefit funds, public funds, financial institutions and endowments and
foundations. IAS fiduciary fees are influenced by the market value of its
accounts and transactional activity. IAS assets administered in custody
accounts increased 5.1% in 1993 and 13.6% in 1992.
 
     Funds services provides custody administration, fund accounting and
administration and transfer agent activities for open and closed-end mutual
funds and custodian, recordkeeping, income collection and disbursement, and
transfer agent services for taxable and tax-exempt unit investment trusts.
 
     Funds services assets under administration increased by 12.5% in 1993 and
8.9% in 1992. This increase in assets is primarily attributable to expanded
business with mutual funds, both open and closed-end. The par value of bonds
held in custody for unit investment trusts has declined over the past few
years, reflecting accelerated prerefundings and redemptions of municipal
securities underlying unit investment trusts by issuers taking advantage of
decreasing interest rates during the same period. While this has reduced fee
income earned from unit investment trusts, the redemption activity has also
temporarily increased the volume of non-interest bearing deposits reflecting
uninvested balances derived from these accounts.
 
     Total Revenues
 
     Total revenues, defined as net interest income after the provision for
credit losses and fee income, for the Core Businesses and the Processing
Business for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 are as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Core Businesses Revenues...................................  $236,815     $206,029     $178,010
Processing Business Revenues...............................   151,390      142,423      125,734
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Total Revenues.............................................  $388,205     $348,452     $303,744
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
     Revenues of the Core Businesses and the Processing Business are allocated
in accordance with the allocation methodologies utilized by the Company's
internal management reporting system. The amount of net interest income
allocated to each business is based upon the average net deposit balances
supplied by each business multiplied by an appropriate, internally-generated,
interest rate. The "net deposit" balances consist of both interest and
non-interest bearing deposit balances reduced by overdraft loans and cash
items in the process of collection. The internally-generated interest rate is
based upon the actual interest rates earned by the Company on long- and
short-term securities for the relevant period. Fee revenue is allocated
directly to the businesses performing the service from which the revenue is
derived.
 
                                     H-51
<PAGE>
 
     Operating Expenses
 
     The following table provides details of operating expenses other than
interest expense and provision for credit losses for the last three years.
<TABLE>
                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                             (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Salaries...................................................  $120,770     $104,506     $ 93,354
Employee Benefits and Incentive Compensation...............    68,383       60,426       47,877
Net Occupancy..............................................    40,035       37,420       36,939
Equipment..................................................    18,536       18,591       19,507
Other......................................................    67,796       68,589       57,260
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Total......................................................  $315,520     $289,532     $254,937
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Percentage Increase (Decrease) From Prior Period...........       9.0%        13.6%        (1.8)%
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Total Operating Expenses as a Percent of Taxable Equivalent
  Operating Income, Net of Interest Expense and Provision
  for Credit Losses........................................      80.1%        81.2%        81.2%
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
     Salaries in 1993 increased 15.6% from 1992 and increased 11.9% in 1992
from 1991. The increases were due mainly to staff additions in the asset
management businesses and Processing Business. The number of full-time
equivalent employees increased 12.1% to 2,574 at December 31, 1993, compared
to 2,296 at December 31, 1992. During 1992, the number of full-time equivalent
employees increased 8.6% to 2,296 from 2,114. Excluding the impact of the
acquisitions of Delafield, Campbell and Pacific Northwest, salaries increased
by 13.3% in 1993 and 9.9% in 1992.
 
     Employee benefits and incentive compensation increased 14.7% in 1993 from
1992 and increased 26.2% in 1992 compared with 1991. These changes were due
primarily to incentive award plans, which are determined based upon the
Company's financial performance as measured by its return on stockholders'
equity, and to other employee benefits whose expense level is a function of
staffing levels. In addition to the approximately 1,120 of the Company's
employees that will be employed by Chase following the Disposition, the
Company will reduce its staffing levels by approximately 153 employees, which
will reduce corporate staff salaries and related employee benefits and
incentive compensation by an estimated $12.4 million on an annualized basis.
It is anticipated that these employees will be terminated by the Closing Date.
 
     Occupancy charges increased 7.0% in 1993 compared with 1992 and 1.3% in
1992 from 1991. The increases in 1993 and 1992 reflect the impact of the asset
management acquisitions. The Chase Acquired Business includes leased space in
the building located at 770 Broadway and the leased premises of MF Service
Company. As of the Closing Date, the transfer of those premises will reduce
the occupancy expense of the Company by approximately $11 million.
 
     Equipment costs decreased 0.3% in 1993 and 4.7% in 1992 due to reductions
in the rates being charged on leased computer equipment.
 
     Other expenses in 1993 decreased 1.2% compared to 1992, while increasing
19.8% in 1992 compared to 1991. The 1993 decline is a result, in part, of
lower costs related to real estate acquired in debt restructurings.
 
     As part of the Merger, Chase will acquire the Company's back office
operations. The Company will enter into the Services Agreement, pursuant to
which, after the Distribution, CMB will furnish necessary securities
processing, custodial, data processing and other services to the Company. The
initial term of the Services Agreement will be for five years beginning on the
Closing Date, with certain renewal options. In consideration of the services
provided to it under the Services Agreement, during the initial term, the
Company will pay Chase an annual base fee of $10 million, which is
significantly less than the Company's estimate of the annual cost of providing
such services to itself. See "Relationship with Chase".
 
                                     H-52
<PAGE>
 
     Operating expenses applicable to the Core Businesses and the Processing
Business for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 are as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Core Businesses:
  Salaries and Benefits....................................  $108,481     $ 91,355     $ 77,165
  Net Occupancy............................................    18,778       16,996       16,223
  Other....................................................    46,143       46,652       37,236
                                                             --------     --------     --------
  Subtotal.................................................   173,402      155,003      130,624
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Processing Business:
  Salaries and Benefits....................................    61,855       58,021       50,801
  Net Occupancy............................................     9,360        8,792        9,289
  Other....................................................    38,915       29,152       29,067
                                                             --------     --------     --------
  Subtotal.................................................   110,130       95,965       89,157
 
Corporate Overhead.........................................    31,988       38,564       35,156
                                                             --------     --------     --------
 
          Total Operating Expenses.........................  $315,520     $289,532     $254,937
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
     Operating expenses associated with the Core Businesses and Processing
Business are determined by the Company's internal management accounting
information system. The Company's management accounting practices and policies
have been developed and implemented with the objective of reflecting the
economics of the respective businesses. Direct costs are those expenses that
can be directly attributable to a specific business activity. Direct expenses
include actual salaries and benefits of the employees of the business, net
occupancy costs based upon actual space utilized and furniture and equipment
specifically employed by the business.
 
     The Company has developed methodologies to capture and allocate expenses
that are not directly incurred by the businesses but for which there is a
direct relationship between the level of business activity and the amount of
cost incurred. Such methodologies employ volume or percentage allocation bases
or the activity of other expense or balance sheet accounts. Indirect costs
include computer, securities clearing and bank operations transfer charges
which are allocated on the basis of volume statistics.
 
     Corporate overhead consists of unallocated costs not specifically
attributable to the respective businesses, including financial, legal and
other general purpose corporate expenses.
 
     Operating expenses for the Core Businesses as presented in the Pro Forma
Condensed Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 1993 were $197.4
million compared with $205.4 million in the above table (Core Businesses
expenses of $173.4 million plus corporate overhead expenses of $32.0 million).
The difference between the amounts is a result of the Pro Forma Condensed
Financial Statements taking into account certain assumptions relating to the
reduction in the corporate staff, the Services Agreement between the Company
and Chase and the reduction in premises leased by the Company. See "Pro Forma
Condensed Financial Statements" and "Notes to Pro Forma Condensed Financial
Statements".
 
     Income Taxes
 
     The effective tax rates on income before income taxes and cumulative
effect of accounting changes for 1993, 1992 and 1991 were 41.8%, 38.0% and
35.7%, respectively. The increase in the 1993 effective tax rate is due to the
decline in tax-exempt income as a result of maturities and redemptions of
state and municipal bonds and the impact of the increase in the federal
corporate income tax rate that was retroactive to January 1, 1993.
 
                                     H-53
<PAGE>
 
Financial Condition
 
     Capital and Regulatory Ratios
 
     The Company has maintained its strong capital position throughout the
first nine months of 1994. The ratio of Tier 1 capital at September 30, 1994
to period-end, risk-adjusted assets (as defined by the Board of Governors) was
14.19%, compared to 13.23% at September 30, 1993. The ratio of total capital
at September 30, 1994 to period-end, risk-adjusted assets was 15.51%. At
September 30, 1993, this ratio was 14.71%. The Tier 1 leverage ratio (Tier 1
capital as of the period end divided by quarterly (3 month) total average
assets) was to 5.70% and 5.11% at September 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
 
     After the consummation of the Disposition, the Company expects that its
capital ratios will remain strong. On a pro forma basis as of September 30,
1994, the Company estimates that its ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-adjusted
assets would have been 11.56%. Its ratio of total capital to risk-adjusted
assets would have been 12.64%. The Tier 1 leverage ratio would have amounted
to 6.36%. See "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements".
 
     For the nine-month period ended September 30, 1994, 90,000 shares of
common stock were acquired under the Company's share repurchase program at an
average price of $50.81 per share. For the same period during 1993, 110,500
shares were repurchased at an average cost of $54.00 per share.
 
     One of the principal purposes of the Company's common stock repurchase
program has been to provide a supply of common shares for issuance under the
Company's various common stock incentive and compensation plans. Such common
shares have been acquired through systematic purchases in the open market in
amounts deemed sufficient to satisfy the Company's immediate and near-term
(i.e., less than two years) obligations to issue common shares under its
benefit plans. During the first nine months of 1994, the Company issued
116,795 common shares under its various stock-based plans.
 
     The adoption of a stock repurchase program by the Company following the
Distribution would be subject to (i) the approval of the Company Board, (ii)
maintaining regulatory ratios necessary to remain "well capitalized", (iii)
maintaining appropriate parent company liquidity and (iv) existing statutory
authority that permits repurchases of shares in an amount that does not exceed
10% of the Company's stockholders' equity at the beginning of the year.
 
     Asset/Liability Management
 
     The principal functions of asset and liability management are to provide
for adequate liquidity, to manage interest rate exposure by maintaining a
prudent relationship between interest sensitive assets and interest sensitive
liabilities, and to manage the size and composition of the balance sheet so as
to maximize net interest income, while complying with bank regulatory agency
capital standards.
 
     As part of its overall asset and liability management process, the
Company uses non-leveraged interest rate swaps and forward rate agreements
("FRAs") as hedges. Swaps are used to hedge the net yield earned on pools of
fixed rate residential real estate mortgage loans originated in the year of
the swap's inception. The following table provides details, as of September
30, 1994, of the notional amounts of swaps by maturity and the related average
interest rates paid and received. The Company is a fixed rate payor on all of
its swaps.
<TABLE>
                                                                          Maturing
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                             Within 1      1 to 5
                                                               Year        Years        Total
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                             (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>     
Fixed Pay Swaps............................................  $ 22,000     $ 45,875     $ 67,875
Average Rate Paid..........................................    8.2949%      6.9952%      7.4165%
Average Rate Received*.....................................    4.9744%      4.9513%      4.9588%
 
- ---------------
 
* Represents the average variable rate that will be received by the Company
  based upon the rate in effect at the latest variable rate reset date of each
  interest rate swap.
</TABLE>
                                     H-54
<PAGE>
 
     Customer deposit balances associated with the Processing Business have
provided the Company with a stable, long-term source of funds that
historically has been used to finance fixed-rate loans and investments. In the
fourth quarter of 1994, the Company sold over $800 million of Treasury and
Agency Securities in anticipation of the closing of the Merger and the
resultant need to fund the deposit balances being transferred as part of the
Chase Acquired Business. The Company will retain most, if not all, of its
fixed rate loan portfolio. See "Recent Developments". As a result, the
Company's use of interest rate swaps as an asset/ liability management tool is
expected to increase, as a greater proportion of the Company's fixed rate
assets will be funded with short-term interest bearing liabilities. In
addition, the Company may issue term financing or sell loans to maintain an
appropriate matching of its asset/liability structure.
 
     The Company is currently negotiating a new multi-year $35 million credit
facility which the Company expects will have terms and conditions at least as
favorable as UST's existing credit facility. The Company expects that the new
credit facility will be finalized prior to the Closing Date.
 
     The impact of the Company's hedging activities upon net interest income
is detailed in the following table.
<TABLE>
                                                 Three-Month Periods         Nine-Month Periods
                                                 Ended September 30,         Ended September 30,
                                                ---------------------       ---------------------
                                                 1994          1993          1994          1993
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------
                                                (Taxable Equivalent Basis; Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                             <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>    
Net Interest Income:
  As Reported.................................  $29,196       $32,952       $85,945       $92,979
  Excluding Hedging Activities................  $29,484       $33,388       $88,812       $96,781
Net Yield on Interest Earning Assets:
  As Reported.................................     3.47%         3.87%         3.51%         3.99%
  Excluding Hedging Activities................     3.51%         3.94%         3.62%         4.14%
</TABLE>
     The preceding table presents the impact of the Company's hedging
activities on net interest income. The difference between the results "As
Reported" and "Excluding Hedging Activities" reflects the cost of utilizing
swaps to hedge interest rate risks and lock in a specified levels of return.
 
     Securities Available for Sale
 
     During the first nine months of 1994, the Company purchased $1,062.4
million of securities (primarily Treasury and Agency Securities ($936.5
million)) classified as available for sale.
 
     The Company's portfolio of securities classified as available for sale is
principally comprised of the following: U.S. Treasury fixed rate obligations
with weighted average original maturities of one and one half years (68%);
Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA") 15-year fixed rate
mortgage-backed securities ("Fixed Rate GNMAs"); and GNMA adjustable rate
mortgage-backed securities ("GNMA ARMs") (18%); obligations of states and
municipalities (5%) and variable rate collateralized mortgage obligations
backed by GNMAs ("CMOs") (5%). GNMAs are backed by the full faith and credit
of the U. S. Government.
 
     The market value of securities available for sale exceeded their
amortized cost by $16.5 million at December 31, 1993. At September 30, 1994,
the amortized cost of securities available for sale exceeded their market
value by $8.9 million. The decrease in market value relative to amortized cost
reflected several factors. First, in the first quarter of 1994, high yielding
available for sale securities (mainly in Treasury Securities) were sold for a
$2.0 million dollar gain, and the proceeds from such sales, together with
maturities, calls and mandatory redemptions of securities of $258.6 million,
were reinvested (mainly in Treasury Securities) at then-lower prevailing
interest rates. Second, since the beginning of 1994, interest rates have
gradually increased.
 
     In January 1994, the Company sold $41.9 million of securities available
for sale. There were no sales of securities for the three-month period ended
September 30, 1994.
 
                                     H-55
<PAGE>
 
     Securities Held to Maturity
 
     During the first three months of 1994, the Company purchased $402.1
million of securities classified as held to maturity, primarily consisting of
Agency Securities ($375.3 million).
 
     In excess of 93% of the Company's securities classified as held to
maturity consist of Fixed Rate GNMAs and GNMA ARMs. The Company acquired
$299.6 million of Fixed Rate GNMAs in 1994. At September 30, 1994, the
portfolio of Fixed Rate GNMAs had a duration of approximately 4.4 years.
Approximately 50% of the GNMA ARMs were acquired in 1992 and 50% in the first
three months of 1994. At September 30, 1994, the portfolio of GNMA ARMs had a
duration of approximately 1.3 years.
 
     The market value of securities held to maturity at September 30, 1994 was
$425.0 million, which was $23.0 million less than their carrying amount. At
December 31, 1993, the market value of securities held to maturity was $87.1
million, which exceeded their carrying amount by $300,000. The decline in
market value reflects the increase in interest rates during the period
December 31, 1993 through September 30, 1994.
 
     Impact of the Disposition on the Investment Portfolio
 
     The Company anticipates that after the Disposition its securities
portfolio will be concentrated in shorter term Treasury Securities and
floating rate CMO's collateralized by GNMA mortgage pass-through securities. A
lesser amount will be invested in GNMA mortgage pass-through securities and
tax exempt state and municipal obligations. Tax exempt, state and municipal
securities are largely fixed-rate investments with an average life of
approximately 4.5 years and a duration of approximately 3.5 years. GNMA
securities are mostly 15 year original maturity securities and 30 year
original maturity securities with remaining maturity of about 20 years. The
average life of the GNMA portfolio is about 6 years and the duration is about
4 years.
 
     The shorter term portfolio of Treasury Securities and floating rate CMO's
will be primarily used for liquidity. The GNMAs and state and municipal
obligations are intended to provide longer term returns with low credit risk.
 
     Mortgage Securities and Prepayment Risk
 
     At September 30, 1994, the Company held GNMA and CMO securities
("mortgage securities") having a carrying value of approximately $717 million
in its available for sale and held to maturity securities' portfolios. While
these mortgage securities, as well as the Company's residential real estate
mortgage loans ("mortgage loans"), are subject to prepayment risk, management
believed that these were appropriate investments for the Company.
Historically, relatively high levels of non-interest bearing deposits derived
from the Processing Business helped to mitigate the prepayment risk associated
with these holdings.
 
     Impact of the Disposition on Liquidity
 
     Historically, the Company has maintained strong liquidity at both the
parent and the operating subsidiaries. While the Disposition will have a
significant effect on capital resources and the overall asset and liability
structure, the Company believes that it will maintain sufficient liquidity at
each of its active subsidiaries.
 
     In connection with the Disposition, USTNY will redeem its outstanding
8 1/2% Capital Notes Due 2001 (the "Capital Notes"). The funds required to
redeem the Capital Notes will be obtained through normal business operations.
The Company also will defease the $30 million balance of its 8% Notes due
1996. The funding for such defeasance will be provided by cash on hand,
dividends from subsidiaries, and financing from outside sources now under
negotiation. See "Special Factors".
 
     The Pro Forma Condensed Statement of Condition reflects an increase of
$66.9 million of short-term borrowings as a result of the Disposition and
other adjustments. Approximately $42.2 million is due to the elimination of
the Capital Notes and the 8% Notes Due 1996. The remaining increase in
short-term borrowings is a result of an assumption that the Company initially
would maintain a level of investment securities equal to the carrying amount
of securities that were sold. The after-tax proceeds from the sale were
 
                                     H-56
<PAGE>
 
$24.6 million less than the carrying amount of the investment securities which
were sold. The amount for this line item is set forth in note (d) to "Notes to
Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements".
 
     Customer deposit balances associated with the Processing Business have
provided the Company with a stable, long-term source of funds that
historically has been used to finance fixed-rate loans and investments. In the
fourth quarter of 1994, the Company sold over $800 million of Treasury and
Agency Securities in anticipation of the closing of the Merger and the
resultant need to fund the deposit balances being transferred as part of the
Chase Acquired Business.
 
     Ongoing liquidity after the Disposition will be supplied by approximately
$1.9 billion of interest and non-interest bearing customer deposits associated
with the Core Businesses. Such customer deposits plus money market borrowings
in excess of the amounts needed to finance the loan portfolio will be invested
primarily in short-term Treasury Securities and floating rate investments.
 
     Interest Rate Sensitivity
 
     Interest rate risk arises from differences in the timing of repricing
assets and liabilities. One measure of interest rate risk is the difference in
asset and liability repricing on a cumulative basis within a specified time
frame. The following table provides the components of the Company's interest
rate sensitivity gaps at September 30, 1994. Gap analysis has inherent
limitations as an analytical tool because it only measures the Company's
exposure at a single point in time. Exposure to interest rates is constantly
changing as a result of the Company's ongoing business and its management
initiatives. Accordingly, the gap table cannot be used to predict the
Company's interest sensitivity position after the Disposition. Certain actions
that the Company has taken in response to the transaction have been described
in "-- Impact of the Disposition on Liquidity" section.
 
                                     H-57
<PAGE>
 
     As set forth in the following table, as of September 30, 1994, the
Company had more liabilities repricing than assets (liability sensitive)
through one year. In general, when an enterprise is liability sensitive, its
net interest income will improve in a declining interest rate environment and
will decline in a rising interest rate environment. Conversely, an asset
sensitive enterprise, which the Company is in the 1 - 5 year time period, will
realize a benefit in net interest income if rates are rising and will have
lower net interest income in a falling rate environment.
<TABLE>
                                          0-3          4-6        7-12         1-5         Over
                                         Months      Months      Months       Years       5 Years      Total
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
                                                                (Dollars in Thousands)
<S>                                    <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
Assets
Interest Bearing Deposits with
  Banks..............................  $   74,855          --          --           --          --   $   74,885
Securities Available for Sale and
  Held to Maturity...................     406,389     145,139     234,504      756,599     189,259    1,731,890
Federal Funds Sold and Securities
  Purchased Under Agreements to
  Resell.............................       6,000          --          --           --          --        6,000
Loans, Net of Allowance for Credit
  Losses.............................     955,188      30,089      55,402      299,556     214,956    1,555,191
Cash and Other Non-Interest Earning
  Assets.............................     421,298      26,299      28,679       69,447     104,842      650,565
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
Total Assets.........................   1,863,760     201,527     318,585    1,125,602     509,057    4,018,531
                                       ==========   ==========  ==========  ==========   ==========  ==========
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Non-Interest Bearing Deposits........     190,948      31,251      62,501      375,748     450,500    1,110,948
Interest Bearing Deposits............   1,246,101       7,414      11,331        7,415          --    1,272,261
Federal Funds Purchased, Securities
  Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase
  and Other Borrowings...............   1,187,958          --          --           --          --    1,187,958
Accounts Payable and Accrued
  Liabilities........................      34,790      25,450      23,591       29,059      32,263      145,153
Long-Term Debt.......................       1,650       2,737       1,000       52,984       4,203       62,574
Stockholders' Equity.................          --          --          --           --     239,637      239,637
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders'
  Equity.............................   2,661,447      66,852      98,423      465,206     726,603    4,018,531
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
Asset/(Liability) Sensitivity Gap....    (797,687)    134,675     220,162      660,396    (217,546)          --
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
Interest Rate Swaps..................      61,750     (12,125)     (3,750)     (45,875)         --           --
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
Interest Rate Sensitivity Gap........    (735,937)    122,550     216,412      614,521    (217,546)          --
                                       ----------   ---------   ---------   ----------   ---------   ----------
Cumulative Interest Rate Sensitivity
  Gap................................  $ (735,937)  $(613,387)  $(396,975)  $  217,546   $      --   $       --
                                       ==========   ==========  ==========  ==========   ==========  ==========
</TABLE>
     Following the Disposition, the Company will no longer have access to
non-interest bearing deposits derived from the Processing Business and has
taken actions to reduce its exposure to fixed-rate investments through its
sale of held to maturity securities portfolio and to rebalance its
asset/liability mix through the sale of certain available for sale securities.
See "-- Asset/Liability Management".
 
     The Disposition will have no direct impact on the Company's private
banking loan portfolio. Slightly less than 50 percent of the current loan
portfolio is made up of fixed-rate mortgages. The fixed-rate mortgage
portfolio has an average maturity of about 5 years and a duration of about 3.5
years. While it is anticipated that the portion of fixed-rate loans will
remain about constant, changes in the level and direction of interest rates
will cause prepayments of existing loans and origination of new fixed-rate
loans to vary. Consequently, the proportion of fixed-rate loans may vary from
period to period.
 
                                     H-58
<PAGE>
 
Asset Quality
 
     The Company's loan portfolio is comprised primarily of loans to private
banking customers. Average loans increased $222 million, or 19.8%, to $1.3
billion in the third quarter of 1994, from $1.1 billion in the third quarter
of 1993. Residential real estate mortgages accounted for approximately 70% of
the increase in the portfolio.
 
     An analysis of the allowance for credit losses follows.
<TABLE>
                                                 Three-Month Periods         Nine-Month Periods
                                                 Ended September 30,         Ended September 30,
                                                ---------------------       ---------------------
                                                 1994          1993          1994          1993
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------
                                                             (Dollars In Thousands)
<S>                                             <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>    
Balance, Beginning of Period..................  $14,017       $14,052       $13,393       $11,676
Provision Charged to Income...................      500         1,000         1,500         3,500
Recoveries....................................      308            16           742         1,513
Charge-offs...................................     (398)         (801)       (1,208)       (2,422)
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------
Net (Charge Offs).............................      (90)         (785)         (466)         (909)
                                                -------       -------       -------       -------
Balance, End of Period........................  $14,427       $14,267       $14,427       $14,267
                                                =======       =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>
     The provision for credit losses in the third quarter of 1994 was
$500,000, compared to $1.0 million in the third quarter of 1993. As a
percentage of average loans for the quarter, net charge-offs for the third
quarter of 1994, on an annualized basis, were 3 basis points, compared to 28
basis points for the third quarter of 1993.
 
     The allowance for credit losses at September 30, 1994, was $14.4 million,
or 1.07% of average loans outstanding for the quarter. The allowance for
credit losses was $13.4 million, or 1.13% of average loans outstanding for the
quarter ended December 31, 1993, and $14.3 million, or 1.27% of average loans
outstanding for the quarter ended September 30, 1993.
 
     The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans
was 268.71% at September 30, 1994, compared to 223.03% at December 31, 1993,
and 286.60% at September 30, 1993. The ratio of nonperforming assets to
average loans and real estate owned for the quarter was 1.27% at September 30,
1994, compared to 1.47% at December 31, 1993 and 1.51% at September 30, 1993.
The improvement in these ratios between December 31, 1993 and September 30,
1994, reflects a net addition to the allowance for credit losses since
December 31, 1993 as the provision has exceeded net loan charge-offs.
 
     Nonperforming assets, which include non-accrual and restructured loans
and real estate acquired in debt restructurings, are as follows:
<TABLE>
                                                           September 30,   December 31,   September 30,
                                                               1994            1993           1993
                                                           -------------   ------------   -------------
                                                           (Dollars In Millions)
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>             <C>  
Non-Accrual and Restructured Loans.......................      $ 5.4          $  6.0          $ 5.0
Real Estate Owned Excluding Premises.....................       11.9            11.5           12.1
                                                              ------          ------         ------
Total Nonperforming Assets...............................      $17.3          $ 17.5          $17.1
                                                           ==========      ==========     ==========
</TABLE>
     After the consummation of the Disposition, the Company plans on
maintaining risk-adjusted capital ratios in excess of the "well capitalized"
regulatory requirement. The Company also plans to maintain a high quality loan
and investment portfolio. It is not anticipated that the Disposition will
affect the quality of the loan portfolio. In addition, the Company anticipates
that the majority of the investment portfolio will be made up of Treasury and
Agency Securities.
 
                                     H-59
<PAGE>
 
Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted
 
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan", ("FAS 114")," issued in May 1993, and
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 118, "Accounting by Creditors
for Impairment of a Loan -- Income Recognition and Disclosures", ("FAS 118")",
an amendment of FAS 114, issued in October 1994, address the accounting by
creditors for impairment of certain loans. FAS 114 requires that impaired
loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient,
at the loan's observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if
the loan is collateral dependent. FAS 118 amends the disclosure requirements
of FAS 114 to require information about the recorded investment in certain
impaired loans and amends the income recognition criteria in FAS 114. FAS 114
and FAS 118 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994.
Based upon a preliminary review of the present loan portfolio, the Company
does not believe that the adoption of FAS 114 and FAS 118 will have a
significant impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the
Company.
 
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 119, "Disclosure about
Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments",
("FAS 119"), issued in October 1994, requires new disclosures about derivative
financial instruments and amends certain existing disclosure requirements. FAS
119 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 1994. Since FAS
119 imposes only a disclosure requirement, its adoption will not have any
effect on its present financial condition or its results of operations.
 
                                     H-60
<PAGE>
 
                             RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
 
     The summary financial data set forth below is derived from the audited
financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1993, and the unaudited financial statements of the Company for the
three-month periods ended December 31, 1994 and 1993, and for the twelve-month
period ended December 31, 1994. Actual results for the year ended December 31,
1994, are subject to the completion by the Company of its financial statements
and accompanying footnotes and the audit of such financial information by its
independent accountants. See "Pro Forma Condensed Financial Statements",
"Selected Financial Data" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations".
<TABLE>
                                                              Three Months Ended        Year Ended December
                                                                 December 31,                   31,
                                                              -------------------       -------------------
                                                               1994         1993         1994         1993
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
                                                                 (Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share
                                                              Amounts)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>   
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Income:
  Net Interest Income.......................................  $   26       $   28       $  108       $  116
  Provision for Credit Losses...............................       1            1            2            4
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
  Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses.....      25           27          106          112
  Other Operating Income....................................      41           76          270          276
  Other Operating Expenses..................................      95           88          342          315
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
  Income (Loss) Before Taxes................................     (29)          15           34           73
                                                              ------       ------       ------       ------
  Net Income (Loss).........................................  $  (16)      $    9       $   21       $   42
                                                              ======       ======       ======       ======
 
Per Common Share:
  Fully diluted.............................................  $(1.65)      $ 0.92       $ 2.09       $ 4.25
                                                              ======       ======       ======       ======
  Cash Dividends Declared...................................  $ 0.50       $ 0.47       $ 2.00       $ 1.88
 
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Condition:
  Total Assets..............................................                            $3,223       $3,186
  Total Deposits............................................                             2,440        2,487
  Long-Term Debt............................................                                61           65
  Total Stockholders' Equity................................                               223          229
 
Earnings Ratios:
  Return on Average Total Assets............................   (1.60)%       0.96%        0.53%        1.11%
  Return on Average Total Stockholders' Equity..............   (27.3)%       17.1%         9.2%        20.5%
 
Capital Ratios:
  As a Percentage of Risk Adjusted Period End Total Assets:
    Tier 1 Capital..........................................                             13.52%       14.08%
    Total Capital...........................................                             14.79%       15.47%
  Tier 1 Leverage...........................................                              5.68%        5.60%
</TABLE>
     Results of Operations
 
     On January 19, 1995, the Company reported a net loss of $15.5 million for
the fourth quarter of 1994, compared to net income of $9.1 million for the
fourth quarter of 1993. On a fully diluted per share basis, the net loss for
the fourth quarter of 1994 was $1.65, compared to net income of $0.92 for the
fourth quarter of 1993. The results of the fourth quarter of 1994 include
$50.2 million ($27.9 million after taxes) of charges associated with the
pending Disposition. Excluding the aforementioned charges, net income for the
fourth quarter of 1994 would have been $12.4, million or $1.22 on a fully
diluted per share basis.
 
     For the year 1994, net income was $21.0 million, a decrease of 50.4% from
$42.3 million of net income for the year 1993. Fully diluted net income per
share for 1994 was $2.09, compared with $4.25 for in 1993, a decrease of
50.8%. Excluding the charges associated with the Disposition, net income for
1994 would have been $48.9 million, or $4.83 on a fully diluted per share
basis.
 
                                     H-61
<PAGE>
 
     Fiduciary and Other Fees
 
     Fiduciary and other fees increased 7.5% to $75.6 million in the fourth
quarter of 1994 from $70.3 million in the fourth quarter of 1993. Fiduciary
and other fees related to the Processing Business increased 7.2% to $25.8
million in the fourth quarter of 1994 from $24.0 million in the fourth quarter
of 1993. Fiduciary and other fees related to the Core Businesses increased
7.6% to $49.8 million in the fourth quarter of 1994 from $46.3 million in the
fourth quarter of 1993.
 
     For the year 1994, fiduciary and other fees were $295.6 million, an
increase of 11.9% over fiduciary and other fees of $264.1 million in 1993.
Fiduciary and other fees related to the Processing Business increased 10.5% to
$102.7 in 1994 from $93.0 million in 1993. Fiduciary and other fees related to
the Core Businesses increased 12.7% to $192.9 million in 1994 from $171.1
million in 1993. Excluding fiduciary and other fees attributable to Pacific
Northwest, acquired on July 7, 1993, fiduciary and other fees related to the
Core Businesses would have increased 10.5% for the year 1994.
 
     Assets Under Management
 
     Total assets under management increased 2.4% to $33.0 billion at December
31, 1994, from $32.2 billion at December 31, 1993. Such assets include $1.9
billion of funds under management for clients of the Processing Business.
Assets held in custody for personal clients increased 4.7% to $8.2 billion at
December 31, 1994, from $7.9 billion at December 31, 1993. Corporate trust
assets under trusteeship and agency relationships, including assets
administered by the Company's bond immobilization business, increased 4.8% to
$159.6 billion at December 31, 1994, from $152.2 billion at December 31, 1993.
Total assets under administration for the Processing Business increased 11.2%
to $223.4 billion at December 31, 1994, from $200.9 billion at December 31,
1993.
 
     Securities Gains (Losses) and Net Interest Income
 
     Under the Merger Agreement, the assets of the Chase Acquired Business
(which includes the Processing Business) will include readily available funds
equal to the liabilities (including deposit liabilities) associated with the
Chase Acquired Business. The Chase Acquired Business deposits provided a
long-term source of funds to the Company which financed a portion of the
Company's long- and medium-term interest earning assets. In anticipation of
consummating the Disposition and to substantially effect a rebalancing of the
Company's overall asset and liability structure, in the fourth quarter of
1994, the Company sold approximately $800 million of Treasury and Agency
Securities. The proceeds from such sales were invested in short-term
investment securities and used to reduce short-term borrowings. Net losses
from the sale of securities in the fourth quarter of 1994 totaled $44.2
million ($23.3 million after taxes), compared to a net gain of $3.0 million
from the sale of securities in the fourth quarter of 1993. For the year 1994,
net losses from the sale of securities totalled $42.1 million, compared to a
net gain from the sale of securities of $3.0 million for the year 1993.
 
     Net interest income, on a taxable equivalent basis, was $26.8 million in
the fourth quarter of 1994, a decrease of 7.7% from $29.1 million in the
fourth quarter of 1993. Net interest income in 1994, on a taxable equivalent
basis, was $112.8 million, a decrease of 7.6% from $122.1 million in 1993. The
principal reason for the decline of net interest income during the fourth
quarter of 1994 and the year 1994 was the reduction ($283 million for the
fourth quarter and $187 million for the year) in the average of net
non-interest bearing deposit balances.
 
     The average net non-interest bearing deposit balances of the Processing
Business declined 28.8% to $602 million in the fourth quarter of 1994,
compared to $845 million in the fourth quarter of 1993. The average volume of
net non-interest bearing deposit balances of the Processing Business in 1994
were $776 million, a 21.1% reduction from $983 million in 1993. Replacing such
net non-interest bearing deposit balances with short-term borrowings caused
the Company's net interest income to decline by $3.2 million ($1.7 million
after taxes or $0.18 per fully diluted share) in the fourth quarter of 1994
and $9.0 million ($4.8 million after taxes or $0.47 per fully diluted share)
in 1994.
 
                                     H-62
<PAGE>
 
     The net yield on interest-earning assets was 3.43% in the fourth quarter
of 1994 and 3.49% in the year 1994, compared to 3.86% and 3.95% in the
corresponding 1993 periods. The decline in the net yield reflects the lower
level of net non-interest bearing deposit balances and the impact of the
reduction in the investment securities portfolio's maturity structure.
 
     Other Income
 
     Other income was $9.1 million for the fourth quarter of 1994, compared to
$2.4 million for the fourth quarter of 1993, an increase of 282.3%. Other
income was $16.7 million in 1994, compared to and $8.9 million in 1993, an
increase of 89.0%. This increase was attributable primarily to the sale by the
Company of its partnership interest in Financial Technologies International
L.P.; a pre-tax gain of $6.4 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of
1994 ($3.4 million after taxes or $0.36 per fully diluted share for the fourth
quarter and $0.33 per fully diluted share for the year 1994) in connection
with this transaction.
 
     Total Revenues
 
     Total revenues (defined as fiduciary and other fees and net interest
income after provision for credit losses, adjusted for securities losses
incurred in anticipation of the Disposition) were $109.9 million for the
fourth quarter of 1994, compared with $102.9 million for the fourth quarter of
1993. Total revenues were $420.5 million for the year 1994, compared with
$388.2 million for the year 1993. Core Businesses total revenues were $73.5
million for the fourth quarter of 1994, an increase of 7.6% over $68.3 million
of total revenues in the fourth quarter of 1993. Core Businesses total
revenues for the year 1994 were $270.2 million, an increase of 14.1% over 1993
Core Businesses total revenues of $236.8 million. Total revenues attributable
to the Processing Business were $36.4 million for the fourth quarter of 1994,
compared with $34.6 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. Total revenues
attributable to the Processing Business in 1994 were $150.3 million compared
with $151.4 million in 1993.
 
     Operating Expenses
 
     Non-interest operating expenses were $94.3 million in the fourth quarter
of 1994, 7.5% higher than the $87.7 million in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Non-interest operating expenses were $341.9 million in the year 1994, an
increase of 8.4% from $315.5 million in the year 1993. The Company incurred
$6.0 million ($4.6 million after-taxes) in professional fees and other related
expenses in the fourth quarter of 1994 in connection with the proposed
Disposition. Salaries and employee benefit expenses, including sales
incentives and commissions, increased $4.3 million, or 8.6%, in the fourth
quarter of 1994, and $18.3 million, or 9.7%, in the year 1994, reflecting
increases in the size of the asset management and mutual funds services
businesses' professional staffs and related employee benefit expense. In
addition, the expense accrued for the Company's stock-based incentive award
plans increased by approximately $500,000 after taxes, or $0.05 per share, in
the fourth quarter of 1994 as a result of the higher price of Company Common
Stock in the fourth quarter of 1994 following the Company's announcement of
the Disposition. For the fourth quarter of 1994, the ratio of total operating
expenses to taxable equivalent total revenues, as deferred ("efficiency
ratio"), was 79.6%, compared to 84.1% for the fourth quarter of 1993. For the
year 1994, the comparable efficiency ratio was 79.0%, versus 80.1% for the
year 1993. The calculation of the 1994 efficiency ratios excludes the impact
of the pending Disposition on operating income and operating expenses.
 
     Core Businesses operating expenses were $51.7 million during the fourth
quarter of 1994, compared with $49.8 million during the comparable fourth
quarter of 1993. The operating expenses attributable to the Processing
Business were $27.8 million for the fourth quarter of 1994, compared with
$32.3 million for the fourth quarter of 1993. Corporate overhead and other
unallocated expenses were $14.9 million and $5.6 million for the fourth
quarters of 1994 and 1993, respectively.
 
     Core Businesses operating expenses were $194.1 million during 1994,
compared with $173.4 million during 1993. The operating expenses attributable
to the Processing Business were $113.6 million for 1994, compared with $110.1
million during 1993. Corporate overhead and other unallocated expenses were
$34.2 million and $32.0 million for 1994 and 1993, respectively.
 
                                     H-63
<PAGE>
 
     Income Tax Expense
 
     As a result of the pre-tax loss of $28.6 million in the fourth quarter of
1994, the Company recorded a tax benefit of $13.0 million (or 45.6% effective
tax rate), compared to a tax provision of $6.0 million (or 39.8% effective tax
rate) for the fourth quarter of 1993. The effective tax rate was 39.0% for the
year 1994, compared to 41.8% for the year 1993. The decline in the effective
tax rate from 1993 to 1994 was due to lower state and local income taxes.
 
     Asset Quality and Provision For Credit Losses
 
     Average loans increased $223 million, or 18.9%, to $1.4 billion in the
fourth quarter of 1994, from $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Residential real estate mortgages accounted for more than 70% of the increase
in the loan portfolio. Average loans increased $212.2 million, or 19.4%, to
$1.3 billion in 1994, from $1.1 billion in 1993.
 
     The provision for credit losses was $500,000 in the fourth quarters of
both 1994 and 1993. For the year, the provision for credit losses was $2.0
million, compared to $4.0 million in 1993.
 
     In the fourth quarter of 1994, net loan charge-offs were $228,000,
compared to net loan charge-offs of $1.4 million in the fourth quarter of
1993. As a percentage of total average loans for the quarter, net loan
charge-offs on an annualized basis were six basis points in the fourth quarter
of 1994, compared to 46 basis points in the fourth quarter of 1993. For the
year 1994, net loan charge-offs were $694,000, compared to $2.3 million in
1993. As a percentage of total average loans for the year, net loan
charge-offs were five basis points for 1994, compared to 21 basis points for
1993.
 
     The allowance for credit losses at December 31, 1994, was $14.7 million,
or 1.12% of total average loans outstanding for the year, compared with an
allowance for credit losses at December 31, 1993, of $13.4 million, or 1.22%
of total average loans outstanding for 1993. The allowance for credit losses
as a percentage of nonperforming loans amounted to 230.72% at December 31,
1994, compared to 223.03% at December 31, 1993.
 
     Nonperforming assets were $18.7 million for the year 1994, compared to
$17.5 million for the year 1993. As a percentage of period-end total assets,
total nonperforming assets amounted to 58 basis points for the year 1994,
compared to 55 basis points for the year 1993.
 
     Capital
 
     The Company's Tier 1 Capital ratio was 13.52% at December 31, 1994,
compared to 14.08% at December 31, 1993. The Total Capital ratio was 14.79% at
December 31, 1994, compared to 15.47% at December 31, 1993. The Leverage ratio
was 5.68% at December 31, 1994, compared to 5.60% at December 31, 1993.
 
                                     H-64
<PAGE>
 
                                  MANAGEMENT
 
Directors
 
     Following the Distribution, the Company Board will consist of 20 persons,
each of whom will have been elected for a term expiring at the annual meeting
of the Company's stockholders indicated below, and until his or her successor
shall have been elected and qualified. The following table sets forth
information concerning the individuals who will serve as directors of the
Company. These individuals comprise the current UST Board, other than Donald
M. Roberts and Frederick S. Wonham, current executive officers and directors
of UST who will retire as of, and will not continue to serve as directors
following, the Distribution.
<TABLE>
                                                                         Term Expires at
                                 Name                           Age     Annual Meeting in
        ------------------------------------------------------  ---     -----------------
        <S>                                                     <C>            <C>
        Eleanor Baum..........................................  54             1996
        Samuel C. Butler......................................  64             1998
        Peter O. Crisp........................................  62             1997
        Daniel P. Davison.....................................  70             1997
        Philippe de Montebello................................  58             1996
        Paul W. Douglas.......................................  68             1998
        Edwin D. Etherington..................................  70             1996
        Antonia M. Grumbach...................................  51             1997
        Frederic C. Hamilton..................................  67             1997
        Peter L. Malkin.......................................  61             1997
        Jeffrey S. Maurer.....................................  47             1997
        Orson D. Munn.........................................  70             1998
        H. Marshall Schwarz...................................  58             1998
        Philip L. Smith.......................................  61             1998
        John Hoyt Stookey.....................................  65             1996
        Frederick B. Taylor...................................  53             1996
        Richard F. Tucker.....................................  68             1997
        Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr. ...........................  69             1998
        Robert N. Wilson......................................  54             1996
        Ruth A. Wooden........................................  48             1998
</TABLE>
     Eleanor Baum became dean of engineering at Cooper Union in 1987. Prior to
that, she was dean at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn and worked as an electrical
engineer in the aerospace industry. Dr. Baum is also a director of Allegheny
Power Systems and Avnet, Inc. She is president-elect of the American Society
for Engineering Education and serves on the Board of Governors of the New York
Academy of Sciences. She is a trustee of the Accreditation Board for
Engineering & Technology, is a commissioner of the Engineering Workforce
Commission, and an advisory board member at Duke University, Rice University
and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. She is executive director of the Cooper
Union Research Foundation and a fellow of the Institute of Electrical &
Electronic Engineers.
 
     Samuel C. Butler joined the law firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore in 1956
and was elected a partner of the firm in 1960. He is also a director of
Ashland Oil, Inc., Millipore Corporation and GEICO Corporation. Mr. Butler is
a trustee of the New York Public Library and of the Culver Educational
Foundation.
 
     Peter O. Crisp has been general partner of Venrock Associates since 1969.
He is also a director of Apple Computer, Inc., American Superconductor
Corporation, Evans & Sutherland Computer Corp., Long Island Lighting Company,
Inc., Thermedics Inc., Thermo Electron Corp., Thermo Power Corporation and
ThermoTrex Corp. Mr. Crisp serves as a member of the Board of Managers of
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Memorial Hospital for Cancer and
Allied Diseases and Sloan-Kettering Institute for Cancer Research. He is a
trustee of North Shore University Hospital and of the Teagle Foundation.
 
                                     H-65
<PAGE>
 
     Daniel P. Davison was chairman of the board of Christie, Manson & Woods
International, Inc. from February 1990 to January 1, 1994. He served as
president of UST and USTNY from the spring of 1979 until June 1, 1986, as
chief executive officer from January 1, 1981 through January 1990 and as
chairman of the board from February 1, 1982 until his retirement in February
1990. Prior to joining UST, he was associated with Morgan Guaranty Trust
Company for 23 years, serving as corporate secretary, general manager of its
London office and, in his final position, as executive vice president in
charge of the National Bank Division. Mr. Davison is also a director of The
Atlantic Companies, Burlington Northern, Inc., Christies International, plc
and Prime Property Inc. He is a trustee and treasurer of the Winston Churchill
Foundation of the United States, Ltd. and of the Florence Gould Foundation.
Mr. Davison is also vice chairman and governor of The Nature Conservancy and
trustee of the Waterfowl Foundation.
 
     Philippe de Montebello has been associated with the Metropolitan Museum
of Art since 1963, serving as associate curator for European paintings from
1963 to 1969, vice director for curatorial and educational
affairs from 1974 to 1977 and as director since 1978. In the interim of his
duties at the Metropolitan, Mr. de Montebello served as director of the Museum
of Fine Arts in Houston from 1969 to 1974. He is a member of the Advisory
Board of the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture and the Columbia
University Advisory Council-Departments of Art History and Archaeology. Mr. de
Montebello is a trustee of the New York University Institute of Fine Arts and
the American Federation of Arts.
 
     Paul W. Douglas retired as chairman of the board and chief executive
officer of The Pittston Company in September 1991. Prior to joining Pittston
in January 1984, he had been associated with Freeport-McMoRan Inc. following
the merger of Freeport Minerals Company and McMoRan Oil and Gas Company in
April 1981. Formerly, he was director of the internal finance section of the
ECA Mission to France. Mr. Douglas is also a director of Holmes Protection
Group, Inc., MacMillan Bloedel Limited of Vancouver, B.C., New York Life
Insurance Company, Phelps Dodge Corporation, Philip Morris Companies, Inc. and
South American Gold and Copper Co. He is a member of The Council on Foreign
Relations, Inc. and a trustee of The International Center for the Disabled and
of St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital.
 
     Edwin D. Etherington was president and chief executive officer of the
American Stock Exchange from 1962 to 1966 and president of Wesleyan University
from 1966 to 1970. Earlier, after practicing law in Washington, D.C. and New
York City, he was vice president of the New York Stock Exchange and,
subsequently, a general partner of Pershing & Co. Mr. Etherington was
president (1971) and chairman (1972) of the National Center for Voluntary
Action and for two years was chairman of the National Advertising Review
Board. He is a director of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and a trustee of
The Schumann Foundation. He also serves as honorary chairman of the Lymes'
Youth Service Bureau and of the Hobe Sound Child Care Center.
 
     Antonia M. Grumbach joined the law firm of Patterson, Belknap, Webb &
Tyler in 1971 and became a partner of the firm in 1979. She is currently
serving as managing partner of the firm. She is vice chairman of the board of
trustees of Teachers College-Columbia University, and a trustee of Milton
Academy, the CUNY Graduate Center Foundation, the William T. Grant Foundation
and The Henfield Foundation. Ms. Grumbach also served as an initial member of
the Board of Advisors of the New York University program on philanthropy and
the law.
 
     Frederic C. Hamilton serves as chairman of the board, president and chief
executive officer of Hamilton Oil Company, Inc., chairman of the board of BHP
Petroleum, and chairman of the board of Tejas Gas Corporation. He is also a
director of the American Petroleum Institute and a member of the National
Petroleum Council. Mr. Hamilton is chairman of the Denver Art Museum
Foundation and of the Denver Art Museum, and a trustee of the Boys' Club
Foundation and the Boy Scouts of America Denver Area Council.
 
     Peter L. Malkin joined the predecessor law firm of Wien, Malkin & Bettex
in 1958 and became a partner in the firm in 1962. He is also chairman of W & M
Properties, Inc. and is a general partner in the ownership of several New York
City buildings, including the Empire State Building, the Graybar Building, the
Lincoln Building, 1185 Avenue of the Americas, and One Penn Plaza. Mr. Malkin
is founding chairman of the Grand Central Partnership and of the 34th Street
Partnership, a director of the New York City Chamber of Commerce & Industry, a
member of the New York City Partnership, a member of the Board of Overseers of
 
                                     H-66
<PAGE>
 
Harvard College and a director and member of the Executive Committee of
Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
 
     Jeffrey S. Maurer joined USTNY in 1970 and was made manager of the Asset
Management and Private Banking Group in 1988. He was elected senior vice
president in November 1980, executive vice president in May 1986 and president
effective February 1990, and was designated chief operating officer in
December of 1994. Mr. Maurer is a trustee of Alfred University, a director and
treasurer of The Children's Health Fund, a director of The Hebrew Home for the
Aged, a member of the Advisory Board of The Salvation Army of Greater New York
and chairman of the Commerce and Industry Division of the Greater New York
Israel Bond Campaign.
 
     Orson D. Munn was senior vice president and chief investment officer of
Madison Fund, Inc. from May 1981 through February 1983 and was president of
Orson Munn, Inc. from February 1983 until the organization of Munn, Bernhard &
Associates, Inc. in November 1990. Previously, he was president of Piedmont
Advisory Corporation and, upon its merger in 1980 with Lexington Management
Corporation, performed the duties of vice chairman and chief investment
officer. Earlier, Mr. Munn was associated with Wood Walker & Co. for 20 years,
serving as chief executive officer of the company from 1972 to 1974. Mr. Munn
is a trustee of the Waterfowl Research Foundation and is a former member of
the Financial Advisory Committee of the Garden Club of America, a former
trustee of the Village of Southampton and a former director of numerous
charities.
 
     H. Marshall Schwarz joined USTNY in 1967 after a seven-year association
with Morgan Stanley & Co. In 1972, he was elected a senior vice president and
head of the Banking Division. He was elected executive vice president and
chief operating officer of USTNY's Bank Group in 1977 and chief operating
officer of the Asset Management Group in 1979. Mr. Schwarz served as president
of UST and USTNY from June 1986 through January 1990 and became chairman and
chief executive officer effective February 1, 1990. He is also a director of
Atlantic Mutual Companies and Bowne & Co., Inc. Mr. Schwarz is chairman of the
board of the American Red Cross in Greater New York and a director of the
United Way of New York City. He is a trustee of Teachers College-Columbia
University, Milton Academy, the Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation, Inc. and
The Boys' Club of New York.
 
     Philip L. Smith has been chairman of the board and director of the Golden
Cat Corporation since November 1990. He was chairman of the board, president
and chief executive officer of The Pillsbury Company from August 1988 through
January 1989. Formerly, he had been associated with General Foods Corporation
for over 20 years, serving in his final position as chairman of General Foods
and director of Philip Morris Companies, Inc. Mr. Smith is also a director of
Whirlpool Corporation and Ecolab Corporation.
 
     John Hoyt Stookey served as president of Quantum Chemical from 1975 to
1993 when Quantum was acquired by Hanson Industries, Inc. He continues as
chairman of the board of Quantum, a position he has held since 1986. As
Chairman of Quantum, Mr. Stookey served from 1989 to 1993 as an executive
officer of Petrolane Incorporated, Petrolane Finance Corp. and QJV Corp.,
affiliates of Quantum, which companies were reorganized on July 15, 1993 under
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Prior to joining Quantum, Mr. Stookey was president
of Wallace Clark Incorporated from 1969 to 1975 and served as the U.S.
Representative to both private and public banks in Mexico. He is also a
director of Cypress AMAX Minerals Co., ACX Technologies and Chesapeake
Corporation. Mr. Stookey is the founder and president of The Berkshire Choral
Institute and of Landmark Volunteers, and trustee of the Glimmerglass Opera,
Berkshire School, The Clark Foundation and The Robert Sterling Clark
Foundation.
 
     Frederick B. Taylor joined USTNY in 1966. In 1980, he was elected a
senior vice president and, in 1986, he was elected an executive vice president
of UST and chairman, Investment Policy of USTNY. Mr. Taylor was elected vice
chairman and chief investment officer effective February 1990. He is a member
of the New York Society of Security Analysts and the Association for
Investment Management and Research. Mr. Taylor serves on the board of
counselors of White Plains Hospital and on the senior advisory board of the
New York Chapter of the Arthritis Foundation.
 
                                     H-67
<PAGE>
 
     Richard F. Tucker joined Mobil Corporation in 1961 and retired as vice
chairman in May 1991. He was a director of Mobil from 1971, and president and
chief operating officer of Mobil Oil Corporation from 1986 until his
retirement. Mr. Tucker is also a director of The Perkin-Elmer Corporation. He
is trustee emeritus of Cornell University and a life member of the Board of
Overseers of Cornell Medical College. He is also a trustee of the Aldrich
Museum of Contemporary Art, The Teagle Foundation and the Norwalk Hospital.
Mr. Tucker is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, The Council on
Foreign Relations, Inc. and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
 
     Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr. joined the law firm of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley
& McCloy in 1952. After serving as assistant counsel to the Governor of New
York from 1959 through 1960, he returned to the firm, becoming a partner in
1963, a senior partner in 1986 and a consulting partner in 1991. Mr.
Wainwright is a trustee of the American Museum of Natural History, trustee and
vice chairman of The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art and
trustee and former president of The Boys' Club of New York. He is also an
adjunct professor at Washington and Lee University Law School, a trustee of
the Edward John Noble Foundation, and member of the Distribution Committee of
The New York Community Trust.
 
     Robert N. Wilson joined Johnson & Johnson in 1964. He was appointed to
the Executive Committee in 1983 and was elected to the board of directors in
1986. Mr. Wilson has been vice chairman of the board of directors of Johnson &
Johnson since 1989. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association, of the Alliance for
Aging Research and The Georgetown College Foundation, Inc. He also serves as a
trustee of the Museum of American Folk Art and is a member of the Trilateral
Commission. He is a director of The James Breck Foundation in London, England.
 
     Ruth A. Wooden became president and chief executive officer of The
Advertising Council in August 1987. Prior to joining The Advertising Council,
she was employed with NW Ayer, Inc. for eleven years. Ms. Wooden serves as a
trustee of The Edna McConnell Clark Foundation and of St. Luke's Roosevelt
Hospital Center. She is vice chair of CARE, USA and an advisor to the Columbia
Health Sciences Advisory Council and the Columbia University School of Public
Health Advisory Council.
 
Committees of the Board of Directors
 
     The Company Board and the Board of Trustees of New Trustco (the "Board of
Trustees") (together, "the Boards") each will have, among others, a standing
Executive Committee, a standing Audit Committee (in the case of New Trustco,
known as the Examining & Audit Committee) and a standing Compensation and
Benefits Committee. The Executive Committees of the Company Board and the
Board of Trustees (together, the "Executive Committee") will be composed of
Mr. Schwarz (the Committee Chairman) and seven other members, all of whom will
be appointed annually. The Executive Committee will have the power to act for
the Boards when the Boards are not in session and will also serve as a
nominating committee. The Executive Committee will consider nominees for
director and trustee recommended by shareholders who submit the names of
recommended nominees with supporting reasons for such recommendations in
writing to the Secretary of the Company or New Trustco, as the case may be. In
addition to Mr. Schwarz, the Executive Committee will initially consist of
Messrs. Butler, Davison, Douglas, Etherington, Maurer, Stookey and Wainwright.
 
     The Audit Committee of the Company Board and the Examining and Audit
Committee of the Board of Trustees (together, the "Audit Committee") will
provide the Boards with an independent review of the Company's and New
Trustco's accounting policies, the adequacy of financial controls and the
reliability of financial information reported to the public. The Audit
Committee will also conduct examinations of the affairs of the Company and New
Trustco as required by law or as directed by the Boards, will supervise the
activities of the internal auditor and will review the services provided by
the independent auditors. The Audit Committee members, who will be appointed
annually, will initially consist of Messrs. Douglas, de Montebello, Smith,
Stookey and Wilson.
 
     The Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Company Board and the
Board of Trustees (together, the "Compensation Committee") will determine
compensation and benefits for officer-trustees, will review salary and
benefits changes for other senior officers and will review employee benefit
plans under ERISA and
 
                                     H-68
<PAGE>
 
other employee benefit plans. The Compensation Committee members, who will be
appointed annually, will initially consist of Messrs. Smith, Hamilton, Tucker
and Wilson and Ms. Wooden.
 
Compensation of Directors
 
     Each director of the Company who is not also an officer of the Company or
of New Trustco will receive an annual retainer fee of $15,000 and an
attendance fee of $1,000 for each meeting attended of the Company Board, of
the Board of Trustees, and of the committees of the respective Boards, other
than those mentioned in the following paragraph, in which cases no attendance
fee is applicable. If the Boards or the Executive Committee of the Company and
New Trustco meet on the same day, only one fee will be paid to a director-
trustee for attendance at both meetings. Under the Stock Plan for Non-Officer
Directors, each director of the Company who is not also an officer of the
Company or of New Trustco will receive 100 Shares of Company Common Stock each
February as an additional part of his or her annual retainer fee.
 
     The Chairman of the Audit Committee will receive an annual retainer of
$12,500 and each member of such committee will receive an annual retainer of
$10,000. The Chairman of the Compensation Committee will receive an annual
retainer of $10,000 and each member of such committee will receive an annual
retainer of $7,000. All directors and trustees will be reimbursed for travel
and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in attending board or
committee meetings.
 
     Directors who are not also officers of the Company or of New Trustco may
defer cash compensation (including meeting attendance fees) for services
rendered as directors of the Company or as trustees of New Trustco or as
members of any Company Board committee. Under the Board Members' Deferred
Compensation Plan certain provisions applicable to amounts so deferred are
identical to provisions applicable to deferred performance share unit awards
under the 1989 Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation. These
include provisions relating to (i) conversion of the deferred amounts into
phantom share units or allocation of such amounts to interest-bearing
accounts, (ii) crediting of dividend equivalents or earnings to such deferred
amounts, and (iii) the form and time of distributions with respect to such
deferred amounts. See "Executive Compensation Plans in Effect after the
Distribution -- Other Features of Stock Plan and Predecessor Performance
Plans -- Performance Share Units."
 
     Directors who are not also officers of the Company or of New Trustco who
retire from the Company Board at age 72 with 10 or more years of service on
any of the Boards of UST, USTNY (prior to the Closing Date), the Company or
New Trustco will be paid an annual retirement benefit for life equal to the
annual retainer received as a member of such Boards in his or her last full
year of membership on such Boards. Directors with less than 10 years of
service who retire at age 72 and directors with 15 or more years of service
who retire prior to age 72 will be paid the same annual benefit for the lesser
of the number of years he or she served on such Boards or his or her lifetime.
 
     It is anticipated that the Company will adopt a new stock option plan for
non-employee directors to replace the present U.S. Trust Corporation Stock
Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "UST Directors' Option Plan")
which will be terminated. The terms and conditions on which options will be
granted to directors under the new stock option plan have not yet been
decided.
 
                                     H-69
<PAGE>
 
Executive Officers
 
     The following table sets forth certain information concerning the persons
who will serve as executive officers of the Company.
<TABLE>
                   Name                     Age                      Position
- ------------------------------------------  ---     ------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>     <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz.......................  58      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Jeffrey S. Maurer.........................  47      President and Chief Operating Officer
Frederick B. Taylor.......................  53      Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer
John M. Deignan...........................  51      Executive Vice President
John C. Hover, II.........................  51      Executive Vice President
Paul K. Napoli............................  49      Executive Vice President
Kenneth G. Walsh..........................  46      Executive Vice President
John L. Kirby.............................  47      Senior Vice President and Treasurer
</TABLE>
     The principal occupations and positions for the past five years of each
of the persons named above (other than Messrs. Schwarz, Maurer and Taylor,
whose information is set forth above) are as follows:
 
     John M. Deignan joined USTNY in 1987 and is an Executive Vice President
in charge of the Institutional Asset Services and Securities Services & Trust
Operations Divisions. Prior to joining USTNY in August of 1987, Mr. Deignan
was associated with Dean Witter Reynolds for over 18 years serving in various
senior management roles including Deputy Director of National Operations and
Director of Capital Markets Operations. He received his B.A. degree from St.
Bonaventure University. Mr. Deignan represents USTNY as its senior officer on
the New York Clearing House Steering Committee, serves on the Board of
Directors of U.S. Trust Company Limited and Participants Trust Company, is a
member of the U.S. Trust Management, Emergency Operations, Risk Policy, and
Advisory Committees.
 
     John C. Hover, II joined USTNY in 1976 and currently is manager of the
Personal Asset Management and Private Banking Division. He is also a member of
USTNY's Operating, Credit and Asset and Liability Management Committees. He
serves as Chairman of USTC International Corp. Prior to joining USTNY, Mr.
Hover was with Chemical Bank for nine years. He received his B.A. from the
University of Pennsylvania in 1965 and his M.B.A. from The Wharton School in
1967.
 
     Paul K. Napoli joined USTNY in 1983 in the Personal Investment Division.
In 1989 he became head of the Asset Management Division and in December 1993
he headed up the Institutional and Mutual Fund Asset Management Division. At
present, Mr. Napoli is in charge of the Personal Investment Division in New
York. Mr. Napoli also serves on USTNY's Operating Committee and has
responsibility for four of USTNY's affiliates: UST of Connecticut, UST of New
Jersey, Campbell, Cowperthwait & Company and UST Securities Corp. He also
serves on the Special Fiduciary and Broker Relations Committee. Prior to
joining USTNY, Mr. Napoli was a Vice President at The Bank of New York for 11
years. He received his B.A. from Boston College in 1967 and his M.B.A. from
Columbia University in 1969. He holds the designations of Chartered Financial
Analyst and Certified Trust and Financial Advisor. Mr. Napoli is a member of
the New York Society of Security Analysts, the Association for Investment
Management and Research, and the Rockefeller University Trust and Estate
Council.
 
     Kenneth G. Walsh joined USTNY in 1976 and currently is Division Manager
of the Corporate Trust and Agency Division. He is also a member of USTNY's
Operating Committee. Prior to obtaining his current position, Mr. Walsh served
as a Senior Vice President and General Counsel of USTNY. Prior to joining
USTNY in 1976, Mr. Walsh was an associate at the firm of Remsen, Millham &
Curran. Mr. Walsh is a member of the New York State and American Bar
Associations and is admitted to the bars of the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York and the Supreme Court of the United States. He
also serves on the New York Corporate Fiduciaries Association. Mr. Walsh is
also on the board of U.S. Trust of Connecticut. He received his B.S. from St.
John's University in 1970, his J.D. from Brooklyn Law School in 1973, his
M.B.A. from St. John's University in 1976, his L.L.M. from New York University
in 1981 and attended the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard Business
School in 1989.
 
     John L. Kirby joined USTNY in 1974. He currently heads the Audit Division
and the Risk Policy Office and was head of the Treasury Services Division from
1989 through 1992. He received his B.A. from
 
                                     H-70
<PAGE>
 
Middlebury College, Vermont, in 1969 and his M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School
at Dartmouth College in 1974.
 
Executive Compensation
 
     The following table sets forth certain information concerning
compensation paid by UST during 1994 to the Company's Chief Executive Officer
and the four other most highly compensated persons who will be executive
officers of the Company, based on salary and bonus earned during 1994.
<TABLE>
                          Summary Compensation Table
 
                                                                                              Long-Term
                                                                                            Compensation
                                                                                   -------------------------------
                                                             Annual
                                                          Compensation                   Awards           Payouts
                                                --------------------------------   -------------------   ---------
                                                                       Other       Restricted   Stock    Long-Term
                                                                       Annual        Stock      Option   Incentive    All Other
         Name and Principal                      Salary    Bonus    Compensation     Awards     Awards    Payouts    Compensation
              Position                 Year       ($)       ($)         ($)           (#)        (#)        ($)          ($)
- -------------------------------------  ----     --------  --------  ------------   ----------   ------   ---------   ------------
<S>                                    <C>       <C>       <C>            <C>             <C>   <C>       <C>           <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz..................  1994      547,308   257,635        0               0     15,000    465,099       33,177
  Chairman, CEO                        1993      517,308   304,135        0               0     10,000    545,015       89,641
                                       1992      485,192   305,740        0               0          0    221,688       28,451
Jeffrey S. Maurer....................  1994      401,539   169,923        0               0     10,000    316,316       23,913
  President, COO                       1993      381,538   205,923        0               0      6,000    370,669       61,175
                                       1992      359,423   212,029        0               0     15,000    150,617       20,737
Frederick B. Taylor..................  1994      371,539   151,423        0           3,500      9,000    262,554       21,428
  Vice Chairman,                       1993      351,539   187,423        0               0      5,000    307,670       48,860
  Chief Investment                     1992      329,423   183,529        0               0     12,000    126,057       18,527
  Officer
John M. Deignan......................  1994      287,846   110,608        0               0      3,000    187,538       14,392
  Executive Vice                       1993      274,808   126,260        0               0      3,000    202,184       12,888
  President                            1992      259,808   112,010        0               0      6,000     84,112       12,040
Paul K. Napoli.......................  1994      272,846   111,358        0               0      3,000    173,286       17,046
  Executive Vice                       1993      257,769   136,230        0               0      3,000    188,996       13,740
  President..........................  1992      240,808   127,960        0               0      7,500     78,243       12,990
</TABLE>
     The following table lists for each of the named executive officers (the
"Named Executive Officers") the payments that comprise the "All Other
Compensation" amounts found in the Summary Compensation Table.
<TABLE>
                            All Other Compensation
 
                                                  Employer       Supplemental     Earnings on
                                                Contribution         ESOP          Deferred
                                                 to ESOP(1)       Amount(2)        Awards(3)       Total
               Name                    Year         ($)              ($)              ($)           ($)
- -----------------------------------    -----    ------------     ------------     -----------     --------
<S>                                     <C>         <C>             <C>               <C>           <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz................     1994        7,500           19,865            5,812         33,177
Jeffrey S. Maurer..................     1994        7,500           12,577            3,836         23,913
Frederick B. Taylor................     1994        7,500           11,077            2,851         21,428
John M. Deignan....................     1994        7,500            6,892                0         14,392
Paul K. Napoli.....................     1994        7,500            6,142            3,404         17,046
 
- ---------------
(1) Represents the amount of the employer contribution made to the ESOP
    portion of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on behalf of each of the Named
    Executive Officers for the year indicated.
 
(2) Represents the amount of the employer contribution, otherwise required
    under the ESOP portion of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, that could not be made
    to the Plan on behalf of the Named Executive Officers for 1994 due to
    certain limitations imposed under the Code (the "Code Limitations"). This
    amount is credited to the officer's account under UST's Executive Deferred
    Compensation Plan, and payment is deferred until termination of the
    officer's employment. See "Executive Compensation Plans in Effect After
    the Distribution -- Executive Deferred Compensation Plan" below for a
    description of the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.
 
                                     H-71
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
 
(3) Represents that portion of the interest accrued on certain previously
    deferred incentive plan cash awards which is "above market" interest as
    defined in the rules of the Securities Exchange Commission (the
    "Commission").
</TABLE>
     Stock Options
 
     The following table sets forth certain information concerning options
granted during 1994 to the Named Executive Officers, including potential gains
that these officers would realize under two stock price growth-rate
assumptions compounded annually. Under the 5% growth-rate assumption, the
indicated values would be realized if the stock price reached $83.48 per share
at the end of the option term (10 years from grant). Correspondingly, under
the 10% growth-rate assumption, the indicated values would be realized if the
stock price reached $132.93 per share.
<TABLE>
                            Option Grants in 1994
 
                                                Individual Grants                            Potential
                            ---------------------------------------------------------   Realizable Value of
                              Number of                                                   Assumed Annual
                              Securities      % of Total    Exercise Price                Rates of Stock
                              Underlying       Options        per Share                 Price Appreciation
                               Options        Granted to    (Market Price               for Option Term(1)
                            Granted(2) (%    Employees in     at Date of     Expiration -------------------
           Name               of Shares)     Fiscal Year      Grant)($)        Date      5%($)     10%($)
- --------------------------  --------------   ------------   --------------   --------   -------   ---------
<S>                             <C>               <C>            <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz.......      15,000            7.7            51.25       01/25/04   483,450   1,225,200
Jeffrey S. Maurer.........      10,000            5.1            51.25       01/25/04   322,300     816,800
Fredrick B. Taylor........       9,000            4.6            51.25       01/25/04   290,070     735,120
John M. Deignan...........       3,000            1.5            51.25       01/25/04    96,690     245,040
Paul K. Napoli............       3,000            1.5            51.25       01/25/04    96,690     245,040
 
- ---------------
(1) Annual growth-rate assumptions are prescribed by rules of the Commission
    and do not reflect actual or projected price appreciation of UST Common
    Stock. The actual average annual price appreciation of UST Common Stock
    over the last ten years was 13.71%.
 
(2) Options become exercisable in four equal, cumulative installments in each
    of the first through fourth anniversary dates of the date of grant
    (January 25, 1994).
</TABLE>
     The following table discloses the aggregated stock option exercises for
each of the Named Executive Officers in the last fiscal year. It also shows
the number of vested and unvested unexercised options and the value of vested
and unvested unexercised in-the-money options.
<TABLE>
        Aggregated Option Exercises in 1994 and Year-End Option Values
 
                                                               Number of Securities        Value of Unexercised
                                                              Underlying Unexercised      In-the-Money Options at
                                Shares                        Options at Year-End(#)          Year-End($)(2)
                              Acquired on       Value        -------------------------   -------------------------
            Name              Exercise(#)   Realized($)(1)   Exercisable/Unexercisable   Exercisable/Unexercisable
- ----------------------------  -----------   --------------   -------------------------   -------------------------
<S>                              <C>          <C>                  <C>                       <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz.........     5,500        176,875.00           58,500/35,000             1,585,050/594,025
Jeffrey S. Maurer...........     2,300         81,075.00           39,450/31,250             1,055,692/556,352
Frederick B. Taylor.........     2,550         89,887.50           30,950/25,500               814,850/432,637
John M. Deignan.............     1,000         24,000.00             9,250/9,750               204,715/143,145
Paul K. Napoli..............     1,500         52,875.00           10,500/10,500               235,402/156,457
 
- ---------------
(1) Aggregate market value on the date(s) of exercise less aggregate exercise
    price.
 
(2) Total value of unexercised options is based on the difference between
    aggregate market value of UST Common Stock at $63.50 per share, the
    closing price on December 30, 1994, and aggregate exercise price.
</TABLE>
                                     H-72
<PAGE>
 
    Performance Share Units
 
     The following table sets forth certain information concerning long-term
incentive awards granted during 1994 to the Named Executive Officers. The
awards are granted in the form of performance share units under UST's 1989
Stock Compensation Plan. See "Executive Compensation Plans in Effect After the
Distribution -- Other Features of Stock Plan and Predecessor Performance
Plans" below for a further description of these awards.
<TABLE>
                  Long-Term Incentive Awards Granted in 1994
 
                                                             Estimated Future Payouts of Performance Share
                             Number of      Performance                          Units
                            Performance     Period Until    ------------------------------------------------
          Name            Share Units (#)      Payout       Threshold(#)(1)    Target(#)(2)    Maximum(#)(2)
- ------------------------  ---------------   ------------    ---------------    ------------    -------------
<S>                            <C>             <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>
H. Marshall Schwarz.....       6,042           3 years           3,021             6,042           6,042
Jeffrey S. Maurer.......       4,076           3 years           2,038             4,076           4,076
Frederick B. Taylor.....       3,420           3 years           1,710             3,420           3,420
John M. Deignan.........       2,394           3 years           1,197             2,394           2,394
Paul K. Napoli..........       2,257           3 years           1,129             2,257           2,257
 
- ---------------
(1) Assumes minimum number of performance share units earned in each
    performance goal for 1994-96 performance cycle.
 
(2) Assumes all specified performance targets are reached.
</TABLE>
     The UST Board and UST's Compensation Committee have approved a
recommendation by UST's management that, if the Merger is consummated, the
performance goals established for the 1993-95 and the 1994-96 performance
cycles will be deemed to have been met in full, and that all performance share
units awarded to each UST officer for each of these performance cycles will be
deemed to be fully earned and payable to the officer if he or she remains in
employment with the Company, New Trustco or their affiliates until the end of
such performance cycle or if he or she leaves such employment before the end
of such performance cycle as a result of retirement or termination due to
staff reductions associated with the Distribution and the Merger.
 
                             BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
 
     All of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are, and will be
prior to the Distribution, held beneficially and of record by UST. Set forth
in the table below is information as of December 31, 1994, with respect to the
number of shares of UST Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person or
entity known by the Company to own more than five percent of the outstanding
UST Common Stock, (ii) each person who will be a director of the Company at
the Time of Distribution, (iii) each of the Named Executive Officers of the
Company and (iv) all persons who will be directors and executive officers of
the Company at the Time of Distribution as a group. Because the Distribution
will be made on the basis of one share of Company Common Stock for each share
of then outstanding UST Common Stock, the percentage ownership of each person
or entity named below immediately following the Distribution will be the same
as the percentage ownership of such person or entity immediately prior to the
Distribution. A person or entity is considered to "beneficially own" any
shares (i) over which such person or entity exercises sole or shared voting or
investment power or (ii) which such person or entity has the right to acquire
at any time within 60 days (e.g., through the exercise of employee stock
options). Unless otherwise indicated, each person or entity has sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such
person's or entity's name.
 
                                     H-73
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                    Amount and Nature of              Percent
           Beneficial Owner                         Beneficial Ownership              of Class
- ---------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------    --------
<S>                                        <C>                                          <C>
401(k) Plan and ESOP of United States      1,335,133 shares (in a fiduciary             14.13
  Trust Company of New York and            capacity)(1)
  Affiliated Companies
  114 West 47th Street
  New York, New York 10036
 
GeoCapital Corporation                     618,750 shares (with sole dispositive         6.55
  767 Fifth Avenue                         power)(2)
  New York, New York, 10158
 
United States Trust Company of New York    354,139 shares (in fiduciary and agency       3.75
  and Affiliated Companies                 capacities)(3)
  114 West 47th Street
  New York, New York 10036
 
Eleanor Baum                               300(4)(5)
Samuel C. Butler                           7,730(4)(5)(6)
Peter O. Crisp                             700(4)(5)
Daniel P. Davison                          48,095(7)
Philippe de Montebello                     800(4)
Paul W. Douglas                            1,837(4)(5)
Edwin D. Etherington                       8,150
Antonia M. Grumbach                        1,300(4)
 
Frederic C. Hamilton                       30,825(4)
Peter L. Malkin                            1,200(4)
Jeffrey S. Maurer                          19,436(7)(8)(9)
Orson D. Munn                              9,500(4)(10)
H. Marshall Schwarz                        33,625(8)(9)
Philip L. Smith                            5,800
John Hoyt Stookey                          5,800(4)
Frederick B. Taylor                        26,748(7)(8)(9)(11)
Richard F. Tucker                          3,325(4)(5)
Carroll L. Wainwright, Jr.                 3,600(4)(7)
Robert N. Wilson                           950(4)
Ruth A. Wooden                             200(4)(5)
John M. Deignan                            5,600(8)(9)
John C. Hover, II                          2,925(8)(9)
Paul K. Napoli                             6,528(8)(9)
Kenneth G. Walsh                           3,309(8)(9)
John L. Kirby                              700(8)
 
All directors and executive officers as
  a group (numbering 25 as a group)        228,983                                       2.42
 
- ---------------
 (1) These shares consist of 1,058,834 shares allocated or attributable to the
     individual accounts of participants in the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, who have
     voting and dispositive power over such shares, and 276,299 shares which
     have not been allocated to participant accounts, as to which shares
     USTNY, as Trustee of the Plan, may be deemed to have voting and
     dispositive power. In February 1995, contributions in the aggregate
     amount of $4,275,480 were made to the Plan which, under the terms of the
     Plan, will be used to purchase additional shares of UST Common Stock for
     participants' accounts under the 401(k) portion of the Plan. These shares
     will be acquired through purchases in the market. Assuming that the
     shares are purchased at an average price of $66 per share, the Plan will
     hold an additional 64,780 shares of UST Common Stock as a result of these
     contributions. The number of shares set forth in the table above does not
     include these 64,780 shares.
 
 (2) Information herein with respect to GeoCapital Corporation ("GCC") has
     been obtained from GCC and from GCC's filings with the Commission
     pursuant to Section 13(g) of the Exchange Act by GCC, a registered
     investment advisor, and Barry K. Fingerhut and Irwin Lieber, by reason of
     their ownership interest in GCC. Such filing further discloses that the
     shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and were not
     acquired for the purpose of and do not have the effect of changing or
     influencing
 
                                     H-74
<PAGE>
 
     the control of UST and were not acquired in connection with or as a
     participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect.
 
 (3) UST, USTNY and their affiliates have sole voting power as to 16,171 of
     such shares, shared voting power as to 42,452 of such shares, sole
     dispositive power as to 197,237 of such shares and shared dispositive
     power as to 156,902 of such shares. Such shares do not include any shares
     held in the 401(k) Plan and ESOP. As a matter of policy, USTNY and its
     affiliates vote shares held in an agency capacity only as directed by
     customers, and where shares are held as a co-fiduciary, vote such shares
     as directed by the other co-fiduciaries. Shares held by UST, USTNY and
     their affiliates as sole fiduciary are not voted unless specific voting
     instructions are given by a donor or beneficiary pursuant to the
     governing trust instrument.
 
 (4) Does not include shares subject to non-employee director stock options
     exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 1994 as follows: Dr. Baum and
     Ms. Wooden each 1,650 shares, Messrs. Crisp and Malkin each 3,350 shares,
     Mr. Munn 2,000 shares, Mr. Wilson 4,650 shares and 5,000 shares by each
     of the other non-employee directors (as defined in the Plan) other than
     Messrs. Etherington and Smith.
 
 (5) Does not include shares attributable to deferred awards under the Board
     Members' Deferred Compensation Plan as follows: Dr. Baum 232 shares, Mr.
     Butler 8,670 shares, Mr. Crisp 1,232 shares, Mr. Douglas 5,709 shares,
     Mr. Tucker 309 shares and Ms. Wooden 179 shares.
 
 (6) Includes 1,250 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Butler is trustee and
     4,914 shares held in a trust in which he has a beneficial interest.
 
 (7) Includes 10,254 shares owned by Mr. Davison's wife, 2,500 shares owned by
     Mr. Maurer's wife, 638 shares held in trust by Mr. Maurer's wife for
     their children, 3,989 shares owned by Mr. Taylor's wife and 300 shares
     owned by Mr. Wainwright's wife, with respect to which the director in
     each case disclaims beneficial ownership.
 
 (8) Does not include shares subject to employee stock options exercisable
     within 60 days of December 31, 1994 as follows: Mr. Schwarz 72,250
     shares, Mr. Maurer 53,450 shares, Mr. Taylor 41,200 shares, Mr. Deignan
     12,250 shares, Mr. Hover 12,325 shares, Mr. Napoli 13,875 shares, Mr.
     Walsh 14,500 shares and Mr. Kirby 5,000 shares.
 
 (9) Does not include shares attributable to deferred awards under the 1989
     Stock Compensation Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans as follows: Mr.
     Schwarz 78,086 shares, Mr. Maurer 29,008 shares, Mr. Taylor 10,864
     shares, Mr. Deignan 5,614 shares, Mr. Hover 2,649 shares, Mr. Napoli
     9,063 shares and Mr. Walsh 7,705 shares.
 
(10) Includes 1,700 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Munn is trustee.
 
(11) Includes 270 shares held in a trust of which Mr. Taylor is sole trustee
     and in which he has a beneficial interest.
</TABLE>
        EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS IN EFFECT AFTER THE DISTRIBUTION
 
     Immediately prior to the Distribution, UST and USTNY will transfer to the
Company and New Trustco, respectively, each employee benefit and executive
compensation plan maintained by it other than any Retained Plan (as defined
under "Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans --
Retained Plans" in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus to which this Information
Statement is attached as Appendix H), and the Company and New Trustco,
respectively, with the approval of UST as the Company's sole stockholder, will
adopt, and will assume and become solely responsible for all liabilities and
obligations of UST or USTNY under, each of the plans so transferred to it. See
"Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans -- Transfer of
Plans" in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus to which this Information Statement
is attached as Appendix H for a list of the plans to be so transferred.
 
     Set out below is a description of the principal employee benefit and
compensation plans of the Company and New Trustco that will be in effect
following the Distribution and the Merger and in which the Named Executive
Officers will participate.
 
                                     H-75
<PAGE>
 
Retirement Benefits
 
     Each of the Named Executive Officers is (and will continue to be after
the Distribution and Merger) a participant in the Employees' Retirement Plan
of United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated Companies (the
"Retirement Plan"). The Retirement Plan is a defined benefit pension plan
which is tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. The Retirement Plan
provides for payment of a pension in an annual amount equal to a specified
percentage (based on the length of a participant's credited service up to a
maximum of 35 years) of the participant's average base salary for his highest
five consecutive years of base salary during the last ten plan years prior to
retirement or other termination of employment, reduced by a portion of the
participant's annual Social Security benefit. The table below shows the
estimated annual pension payable under the Retirement Plan's benefit formula
upon retirement at age 65 to persons in specified remuneration and
years-of-service classifications who have elected to receive their pensions
under a straight life annuity option. The amounts shown do not reflect
reductions which would be made to offset Social Security benefits.
<TABLE>
                           Estimated Annual Pension for
                                  Representative
                            Years of Credited Service
Highest Consecutive     ----------------------------------
     Five-Year                                     35 or
Average Base Salary        15           25          More
- -------------------     --------     --------     --------
     <S>                <C>          <C>          <C>
     $ 200,000          $ 67,500     $100,000     $120,000
       250,000            84,375      125,000      150,000
       300,000           101,250      150,000      180,000
       350,000           118,125      175,000      210,000
       400,000           135,000      200,000      240,000
       450,000           151,875      225,000      270,000
       500,000           168,750      250,000      300,000
       550,000           185,625      275,000      330,000
       600,000           202,500      300,000      360,000
</TABLE>
     The table below sets forth the number of years of credited service and
the average base salary, in each case as of the end of 1994, that would be
taken into account in determining the pension payable under the Retirement
Plan's benefit formula to each of the Named Executive Officers.
<TABLE>
                                                               Years          Average
                                 Name                        of Service     Base Salary
            -----------------------------------------------  ----------     -----------
            <S>                                                <C>           <C>
            H. Marshall Schwarz............................    27.9          $ 496,000
            Jeffrey S. Maurer..............................    24              366,000
            Frederick B. Taylor............................    28.6            337,000
            John M. Deignan................................     7              263,400
            Paul K. Napoli.................................    11              246,400
</TABLE>
     The amount of compensation taken into account in determining each Named
Executive Officer's pension under the Retirement Plan's formula, as shown in
the third column of the table above, represents the average of the rates of
base salary in effect for such officer as of the last day of each of the years
1990 through 1994. In the case of each such Named Executive Officer, the base
salary amounts so taken into account for the years 1992, 1993 and 1994 differ
from the amounts shown in the "Salary" column of the Summary Compensation
Table for these years, in that the latter amounts represent the base salary
actually earned by such Named Executive Officer during each such year, rather
than the rate of base salary in effect for such Named Executive Officer at the
end of that year.
 
     The pension amounts otherwise payable from the Retirement Plan are
subject to reduction to the extent necessary to comply with the Code
Limitations. However, in the case of each Named Executive Officer, any pension
amount otherwise payable under the Retirement Plan's benefit formula that
cannot be paid to such Named Executive Officer from the Retirement Plan
because of the Code Limitations will be paid to the officer under the
Company's Benefit Equalization Plan or, in the case of Messrs. Schwarz, Maurer
and Taylor,
 
                                     H-76
<PAGE>
 
under a supplemental pension agreement which UST has entered into with each
such officer and which will be transferred to and assumed by the Company.
 
401(k) Plan and ESOP
 
     The 401(k) Plan and ESOP is a defined contribution pension plan.
Employees are eligible to become participants in the plan following the
completion of one year of service, except that employees are eligible to make
tax-deferred elective contributions from their base salary following the
completion of three months of service. Contributions under the 401(k) Plan and
ESOP consist of annual employer contributions made on behalf of the
participants under the Plan's ESOP feature ("ESOP Contributions"), and
tax-deferred elective contributions made by the participants under the 401(k)
Plan and ESOP's 401(k) feature ("401(k) Contributions").
 
     Under the 401(k) feature of the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, a participant may
elect to have a specified percentage of his or her annual award under the 1990
Annual Incentive Plan of United States Trust Company of New York and
Affiliated Companies (the "1990 Annual Incentive Plan") (or in the case of
participants who are not eligible for awards under the 1990 Annual Incentive
Plan, the Incentive Award Plan of United States Trust Company of New York and
Affiliated Companies) and/or a specified percentage of the participant's base
salary, contributed to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on his or her behalf as a
401(k) Contribution. All 401(k) Contributions made on behalf of a participant
are paid to a trust fund maintained under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP and
invested as directed by the participant in one or more of six investment
funds, including a fund designed for investment in UST Common Stock (the
"U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund").
 
     The annual ESOP Contribution made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on behalf
of each participant is generally equal to 5% of such participant's
compensation. In the case of any participant who is a participant in the 1990
Annual Incentive Plan, the amount of ESOP contribution to be made for the
participant for any year may not exceed the amount of the participant's award
under the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan for such year. The ESOP feature of the
401(k) Plan and ESOP is designed to invest in UST Common Stock. The 401(k)
Plan and ESOP acquired UST Common Stock with the proceeds of loans (the "ESOP
Loan"), and the shares of UST Common Stock so acquired were placed in a
suspense account. Each year, shares so acquired are released to the extent the
ESOP Loan is repaid, and the shares so released are allocated among the
individual accounts maintained for the ESOP participants in proportion to the
amounts of ESOP Contributions made on their behalf for the year. The ESOP Loan
is repaid with dividends on the UST Common Stock acquired with the ESOP Loan
proceeds, and with the ESOP Contribution, to the extent determined by the
401(k) Plan and ESOP Committee. Each participant receives full credit for
dividends that are paid on the shares of UST Common Stock allocated to his or
her ESOP account, whether or not such dividend are used to repay the ESOP
Loan. Any ESOP Contributions and dividends not applied to repay the ESOP Loan
are invested in participants' accounts in the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund.
 
     The Code Limitations restrict the amount of the ESOP Contribution that
can be made each year on behalf of any participant. Prior to 1994, the amount
of the ESOP Contribution, which could not be made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP
on behalf of a participant because of such limitations was provided to the
participant through an award of benefit equalization units under the 1989
Stock Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation (the "Stock Plan").
Effective with the ESOP Contribution to be made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP
Plan for 1994, the portion of any ESOP Contribution that cannot be so made to
the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on behalf of a participant will be provided to the
participant through a credit to the participant's account under the Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan described below.
 
     A participant's interest in the trust fund under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP
is at all times fully vested. Distributions from the 401(k) Plan and ESOP
become payable upon the participant's retirement, death or other termination
of employment. Withdrawals from the 401(k) portion of a participant's account
may be made after age 59 1/2 or in cases of hardship. Distributions from the
401(k) Plan and ESOP are made in a lump sum, or, in certain cases, in annual
installments. Such payments are made in cash, except that any shares of UST
Common Stock allocated to the participant's account under the ESOP portion of
the 401(k) Plan and
 
                                     H-77
<PAGE>
 
ESOP, and shares attributable to the portion of the participant's account that
are invested in the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund, may generally be distributed in
kind.
 
     It is anticipated that following the Merger, shares of Chase Common Stock
received in exchange for UST Common Stock held in the ESOP portion of the
401(k) Plan and ESOP and in the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund will be sold, and the
proceeds of such sales will be used to purchase shares of Company Common
Stock. The shares of Company Common Stock so acquired, together with the
shares of Company Common Stock received by the 401(k) Plan and ESOP pursuant
to the Distribution, will be held in the 401(k) Plan and ESOP subject to the
same provisions as applied to the shares of UST Common Stock with respect to
which the distributed shares of Company Common Stock and the shares of Chase
Common Stock were received.
 
Annual Incentive Awards
 
     The 1990 Annual Incentive Plan provides for annual cash awards to be
earned and paid based on the attainment of annual performance objectives
established by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of each year. The
Compensation Committee has the authority to select the officers who will be
eligible to receive awards, to determine the maximum amount available for
awards each year, to establish the performance objectives that must be met in
order for awards to be earned and paid, and to determine the extent to which
such performance objectives have been met. In the Compensation Committee's
discretion, the performance objectives may be based on corporate performance,
the participant's individual performance, or a combination of the two.
 
     Because of the special circumstances that will obtain with respect to the
plan's operations during 1995 as a result of the Distribution and the Merger,
the annual award to be made to a participant under the plan for the year 1995
will consist of two separately determined components, one based on attainment
of performance objectives established for the period from January 1, 1995 to
the Closing Date (the "Pre-Merger Period"), and the second based on attainment
of performance objectives that will be established for the period from the
Closing Date to December 31, 1995 (the "Post-Merger Period"). UST's
Compensation Committee has determined that the aggregate amount available for
awards for the Pre-Merger Period will be based on UST's attainment of certain
specified levels of net income for such period. The amounts to be awarded to
individual participants will be determined at the close of the Pre-Merger
Period and will be based on the evaluation by UST's management and the
Compensation Committee of the participant's personal achievements and
contributions. It is anticipated that the performance goals and maximum award
amounts for the Post-Merger Period will not be established until some time
shortly before the Closing Date.
 
     Awards otherwise earned under the plan for any year are reduced (i) by
the amount of the ESOP Contribution to be made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP on
the participant's behalf for such year, and (ii) by the amount credited to the
participant's account under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan with
respect to any portion of the participant's ESOP Contribution that cannot be
made to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP for such year because of the Code
Limitations. Awards that are earned under the plan are payable in cash after
the close of each year, except to the extent that the participant has elected,
instead, to have any portion of such award contributed on his or her behalf as
a 401(k) Contribution to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP, or to defer any portion of
his or her award under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.
 
New Stock Options
 
     The provisions of the Stock Plan to be adopted by the Company will
include provisions for the grant of new stock options. The terms and
conditions that will apply to the new stock options include the following: (a)
the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock available for issuance
pursuant to the exercise of options granted during the term of the plan will
be limited to 1,300,000 shares; (b) all officers of the Company, New Trustco,
and their affiliates at or above the rank of Vice President will be eligible
to receive grants of options; (c) options granted under the plan may be either
options that qualify as incentive stock options under section 422 of the Code,
or "non-qualified" stock options, as the Compensation Committee determines;
(d) the period within which options granted under the Stock Plan may be
exercised may not exceed 10 years from the date of grant; (e) the purchase
price per share at which options granted
 
                                     H-78
<PAGE>
 
under the Stock Plan may be exercised shall not be less than the fair market
value of a share of Company Common Stock on the date the option is granted;
and (f) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock with respect to
which options may be granted under the Stock Plan to any officer during any
calendar year may not exceed 250,000 shares.
 
     Subject to the provisions of the Stock Plan, the Compensation Committee
will be authorized to select the officers who are to be granted options; to
determine the number of shares to be covered by each option granted, and the
time or times when and the manner in which each option shall be exercised; to
determine the purchase price per share at which each option shall be
exercised; and to grant options subject to such other terms and conditions,
not inconsistent with the provisions of the Stock Plan, as it deems
appropriate.
 
     The adoption of the foregoing provisions for the grant of new stock
options, and the grant of any options pursuant thereto, will be subject to the
approval of the stockholders of the Company at its first meeting of
stockholders following the Distribution and the Merger.
 
Other Features of Stock Plan and Predecessor Performance Plans
 
     Apart from the present stock option provisions of the Stock Plan which
are not being transferred to the Company, the Stock Plan provides for the
award of stock-based compensation to senior officers of UST, USTNY and other
subsidiaries in two other forms: in shares of restricted stock and in
performance share units. In addition, for years prior to 1994, benefit
equalization units were awarded to officers to provide them with the full
benefits to which they would have been entitled under the ESOP portion of the
401(k) Plan and ESOP but for the Code Limitations.
 
     The award of benefit equalization units under the Stock Plan has been
discontinued effective with the contribution to be made to the ESOP portion of
the 401(k) Plan and ESOP for the year 1994. No awards of restricted stock or
performance share units will be made under the Stock Plan during the
Pre-Merger Period. The compensation strategies and program to be adopted for
the senior officers of the Company following the Merger are currently under
review. No decision has been made yet as to whether any awards of restricted
stock or performance share units will be made under the Stock Plan after the
Merger. However, the present provisions of the Stock Plan relating to
restricted stock, performance share units and benefit equalization units, and
the present provisions of the Predecessor Performance Plans (as defined below)
relating to deferred awards under those plans, will continue to apply after
the Distribution and the Merger to previously-made awards of these forms of
compensation, with certain modifications to reflect the Distribution and the
Merger. These provisions are summarized below.
 
     Restricted Stock
 
     Recipients of awards of shares of restricted stock are prohibited from
selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of such shares within a period
(typically three years) determined by the Compensation Committee. Restricted
shares are held in the officer's name in a book entry account. During the
restricted period, the officer has all of the rights of a stockholder of UST
with respect to his or her restricted shares, including voting and dividend
rights. Subject to satisfaction of any tax withholding obligation,
certificates evidencing the shares are delivered to the officer free of
restrictions at the conclusion of the restricted period. In the event of the
termination of employment of an officer for any reason, all shares then
subject to restrictions are forfeited unless the Compensation Committee
otherwise determines.
 
     If the Merger is consummated, the restrictions applicable with respect to
the restricted shares of UST Common Stock credited under the Stock Plan to all
officers other than Mr. Taylor and Richard E. Brinkmann (who presently serves
as Senior Vice President, Comptroller and Principal Accounting Officer of UST
and who will serve in the same capacities with the Company) will automatically
lapse; and, subject to satisfaction of applicable tax withholding obligations,
certificates for the shares of Company Common Stock and Chase Common Stock
received pursuant to the Distribution and the Merger with respect to the
shares so credited to each such officer will be delivered to the officer free
of such restrictions.
 
                                     H-79
<PAGE>
 
     The restrictions applicable with respect to the restricted shares of UST
Common Stock credited to Messrs. Taylor and Brinkmann will not lapse upon the
consummation of the Merger; and such restrictions will continue to apply with
respect to the shares of Company Common Stock and Chase Common Stock received
pursuant to the Distribution and the Merger with respect to their restricted
shares of UST Common Stock.
 
     Performance Share Units
 
     The Stock Plan provides for the grant of performance share units which
are earned over a 3-year "Performance Cycle" to the extent that
pre-established performance goals for UST are met. Except for any portion of
an earned award that an officer has previously elected to defer, earned awards
are paid as soon as practicable after the close of the Performance Cycle.
Awards that are not deferred are paid in a combination of cash and UST Common
Stock, as the Compensation Committee determines, but at least 50% of a non-
deferred award must be paid in UST Common Stock. Deferred awards are either
converted to "phantom share units" ("PSUs") or credited to the "Interest
Portion" of the officer's account under the plan, as the officer may elect,
but at least 50% of any deferred award must be converted to PSUs.
 
     Earnings are credited to the Interest Portion of a deferred award at
USTNY's prime rate, or at a rate of return matching the rate of return on any
one or more of the investment funds available for investment of the 401(k)
portion of employees' accounts under the 401(k) Plan and ESOP other than the
U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund, as the officer may select from time to time. The "PSU
Portion" of an officer's deferred award is credited, as of the date of each
dividend payment on UST Common Stock, with dividend equivalents in the form of
additional PSU's.
 
     Payments with respect to deferred awards are made in 10 annual
installments commencing in the year following the officer's retirement or
other termination of employment. Payments with respect to the PSU Portion of a
deferred award are made in the form of shares of UST Common Stock, and
payments with respect to the Interest Portion of a deferred award are made in
cash.
 
     If the Merger is consummated, the performance goals established for the
Performance Cycles presently in progress (i.e., those ending at the close of
1995 and 1996), will be deemed to have been fully met, and all performance
share units awarded to each officer for each of the 1995-1996 Performance
Cycles will be deemed to be fully earned and payable to the officer if he or
she remains in employment with the Company, New Trustco or their affiliates
until the end of such Performance Cycle or if he or she leaves such employment
before the end of such Performance Cycle as a result of retirement or
termination due to staff reductions associated with the Distribution and the
Merger.
 
     Performance share units were also awarded to officers of UST and USTNY
and their subsidiaries under two predecessor plans that will be transferred to
and adopted by the Company: the 1988 Long-Term Performance Plan of U.S. Trust
Corporation and the Long-Term Performance Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation
(collectively, the "Predecessor Performance Plans"). The provisions of the
Predecessor Performance Plans are substantially the same as those applicable
to the performance share unit feature of the Stock Plan. No Performance Cycles
remain in progress under the Predecessor Performance Plans. However, deferred
awards remain outstanding under these plans, in the form of PSU's and account
balances that are credited with interest under substantially the same
provisions as described above in the case of the "Interest Portion" of
deferred awards under the Stock Plan.
 
     Each performance share unit and each PSU credited to an officer under the
Stock Plan and the Predecessor Performance Plans represents one share of UST
Common Stock, but constitutes only a "phantom" share. It entitles the holder
to be credited with dividend equivalents and to receive one share of UST
Common Stock for each such unit to the officer's credit when distributions are
made to the officer from the plan, but it does not otherwise entitle the
officer to any of the rights of a holder of UST Common Stock. As of the
Closing Date, all performance share units and all PSU's outstanding under the
Stock Plan and the Predecessor Performance Plans will be converted into new
units representing Company Common Stock in the manner described below under
"Unit and Share Adjustments".
 
                                     H-80
<PAGE>
 
     Benefit Equalization Units
 
     For years prior to 1994, the Stock Plan provided for awards to officers
of benefit equalization units ("BEUs") with an aggregate value equal to the
amount of the ESOP contribution that could not be made to the 401(k) Plan and
ESOP on the officer's behalf for any year because of the Code Limitations. The
BEUs earn dividend equivalents with respect to dividends that are paid on UST
Common Stock, and the dividend equivalents attributable to an officer's BEUs
are credited to the officer in the form of additional BEUs. An officer's
interest in the BEUs credited to his account under the plan is fully vested at
all times. Officers receive a distribution with respect to their BEUs upon the
termination of their employment. Distribution is made in the form of shares of
UST Common Stock, and cash for fractional units.
 
     Each BEU credited to an officer represents one share of UST Common Stock,
but constitutes only a "phantom" share. It entitles the holder to be credited
with dividend equivalents and to receive one share of UST Common Stock for
each such unit to the officer's credit when distributions are made to the
officer from the plan, but it does not otherwise entitle the officer to any of
the rights of a holder of UST Common Stock. As of the Closing Date, all BEUs
outstanding under the Stock Plan will be converted into new units representing
Company Common Stock in the manner described below under "Unit and Share
Adjustments".
 
     Unit and Share Adjustments
 
     As of the Closing Date, all performance share units, PSUs and BEUs then
standing to each officer's credit under the Stock Plan and the Predecessor
Performance Plans will be converted, respectively, into new performance share
units, PSUs and BEUs, each one of which will represent one share of Company
Common Stock. The number of such new units (the "New Units") to be credited to
an officer with respect to his or her performance share units, PSUs and BEUs
pursuant to such conversion will be equal to (i) the product of (A) the number
of performance share units, PSUs, or BEUs, as the case may be, standing to the
officer's credit as of the Closing Date, multiplied by (B) the Average Value
Per Share of UST Common Stock (defined below), divided by (ii) the amount
representing the 10-day average of the daily average of the high bid and low
asked prices for a share of Company Common Stock in the over-the-counter
market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated on a
"when-issued" basis on each of the 10 trading days immediately preceding the
Closing Date. For purposes of the foregoing, the "Average Value Per Share of
UST Common Stock" shall mean the average of the daily mean between per-share
high and low prices for UST Common Stock on each trading day during the 30-day
period ending on the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, as quoted on
the National Market System.
 
     Authorized Shares
 
     The Company anticipates that as of the Closing Date, the number of
restricted shares of UST Common Stock that will be subject to restrictions
that will lapse upon consummation of the Merger, the number of performance
share units previously awarded with respect to performance cycles that will
still be in progress, and the number of PSU's and BEU's that will remain
standing to the credit of officers under the Stock Plan and Predecessor
Performance Plans, will represent an aggregate of 448,200 shares of UST Common
Stock. Because the unit and share adjustments described above will depend upon
the relative trading prices for the UST Common Stock and the Company Common
Stock (on a "when-issued" basis) during the 30-day and 10-day periods,
respectively, ending on the day before the Closing Date, the Company will not
be able to determine, until such preceding day, the exact number of shares of
Company Common Stock that will be needed for issuance under the Stock Plan and
Predecessor Performance Plans to satisfy the obligations of UST that the
Company will be assuming. The Company presently anticipates that the Stock
Plan and the Predecessor Performance Plans, as adopted by the Company, will
provide for an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Company Common Stock to be
available for issuance under the plans with respect to those
previously-granted stock-based awards, in addition to the 1,300,000 shares of
Company Common Stock that will be available for the new stock options
described above.
 
                                     H-81
<PAGE>
 
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
 
     The Executive Deferred Compensation Plan of U.S. Trust Corporation (the
"Executive Deferred Compensation Plan") is a nonqualified plan of deferred
compensation. All officers at or above the rank of Vice President whose total
annual compensation (as defined in the plan) exceeds $150,000 are eligible to
participate in the plan. The plan permits each eligible officer to elect to
defer portions of the officer's award for any year under the 1990 Annual
Incentive Plan and a portion of certain other incentive payments. The
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan also provides for the crediting to an
eligible officer's account under the plan of (i) amounts equal to the portion
of the ESOP contribution for 1994 or any later year that cannot be made on the
officer's behalf to the 401(k) Plan and ESOP because of the Code Limitations,
and (ii) if the officer has so elected in accordance with the provisions of
the plan, amounts equal to the payments that otherwise would have been made to
the officer with respect to his or her unexercised stock options under the UST
Option Plans (as defined under "Effect of Transactions on UST Employees and
UST Benefit Plans -- Retained Plans" in the Proxy Statement-Prospectus),
and/or with respect to the officer's account balance under the AIP (as so
defined), as a result of the Merger constituting a "change in control" as
defined in the UST Option Plans and the AIP.
 
     A participant's deferred amounts under the Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan are credited with interest at rates of return chosen by the
participant from among the rates of return on the investment funds available
for investment of the 401(k) portion of employees' accounts under the 401(k)
Plan and ESOP other than the U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund.
 
     Deferred amounts under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan become
payable upon a participant's termination of employment. Payment of deferred
amounts generally will be made in a single cash lump sum. However, if
employment is terminated by reason of retirement or death and the participant
has so elected, payment will be made in ten annual cash installments. In the
case of amounts payable upon retirement, a participant also may elect to
receive payment in 15 annual cash installments. Participants whose employment
with the Company, New Trustco or their affiliates terminates prior to the end
of 1995 as a result of staff reductions associated with the Distribution and
the Merger also may elect to receive payment of their deferred amounts in 10
annual cash installments.
 
Change in Control Provisions
 
     Various compensation and benefit plans under which the Named Executive
Officers will be covered will contain provisions pursuant to which payment of
the benefits provided under the plan would be accelerated in the event of a
"change in control" of the Company (as defined in the Stock Plan), unless the
Company Board otherwise determines prior to the date of the change in control
(or not later than 45 days thereafter in certain circumstances). As defined in
the Stock Plan, a "change in control" means that any of the following events
has occurred: (i) 20% or more of the shares of Company Common Stock have been
acquired by any person (as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act)
other than directly from the Company; (ii) there has been a merger or
equivalent combination after which 49% or more of the voting stock of the
surviving corporation is held by persons other than former stockholders of the
Company; or (iii) 20% or more of the directors elected by stockholders to the
Company Board are persons who were not nominated by management in the most
recent proxy statement of the Company.
 
     Specifically, upon such a change in control (a) the restrictions
applicable to all restricted stock previously awarded under the Stock Plan
would lapse, and a cash payment would be made for each share of restricted
stock equal to the Determined Value (as defined in the Stock Plan) of a share
of Company Common Stock; (b) each new stock option granted under the Stock
Plan at least six months prior to the change in control would be cancelled in
return for a cash payment equal to the excess of the Determined Value of the
shares of Company Common Stock subject to the option over the aggregate
purchase price of such shares under the terms of the option; (c) all other new
stock options outstanding under the Stock Plan would become immediately and
fully exercisable; (d) all performance share units awarded under the Stock
Plan for the performance cycle in which the change in control occurs would be
deemed to have been earned in full, and a cash payment would be made for each
such performance share unit in an amount equal to the Determined
 
                                     H-82
<PAGE>
 
Value of a share of Company Common Stock; (e) all previously deferred awards
of performance share units under the Stock Plan would become immediately
payable in the form of a cash payment in an amount equal to the sum of the
Interest Portion (as defined in the Stock Plan) of such awards and the
Determined Value of the number of shares of Company Common Stock corresponding
to the number of units included in the Phantom Share Unit Portion (as defined
in the Stock Plan) of such awards; (f) all benefit equalization units
previously granted under the Stock Plan would become immediately payable in
the form of a cash payment in an amount equal to the Determined Value of the
number of shares of Company Common Stock corresponding to the number of
benefit equalization units credited to the participant; (g) all awards under
the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan for the year in which the change in control
occurs would be deemed to have been earned in full, and would be immediately
payable in the form of a cash payment; and (h) the balance of each
participant's account under the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan would
become immediately payable in full in the form of a cash payment.
 
     The Retirement Plan provides that if the Retirement Plan is terminated
within four years after the occurrence of a change in control, any surplus
funding in the Retirement Plan would be applied (subject to applicable Code
and other tax qualification requirements applicable to the Retirement Plan) to
provide pro rata increases in the accrued pension benefits of all qualified
participants in the Retirement Plan, including the Named Executive Officers.
 
     The supplemental pension agreements with Messrs. Schwarz, Maurer and
Taylor provide that in the event of the involuntary termination of any such
officer's employment following a change in control, such officer would receive
from the Company an immediate lump sum cash payment equal to the actuarial
present value of the supplemental pension that would have been payable to such
officer under the agreement at his normal retirement date if he had remained
employed with the Company until that date, at the rate of annual compensation
in effect for such officer immediately prior to such termination of his
employment.
 
     In addition, under the 1990 Change in Control and Severance Policy, each
of the Named Executive Officers would be entitled to receive severance
benefits in the event of any such Named Executive Officer's involuntary
termination of employment within two years following a change in control. In
such event, each such Named Executive Officer would be entitled to receive a
cash payment in an amount equal to the sum of (a) two times such Named
Executive Officer's then current annual base salary, (b) the average of the
highest three of the previous five years awards to such Named Executive
Officer under the 1990 Annual Incentive Plan and predecessor plan and (c) 25
times such Named Executive Officer's then current weekly base salary.
 
Benefit Protection Trusts
 
     UST has established the U.S. Trust Corporation Benefits Protection Trust
I and the U.S. Trust Corporation Benefits Protection Trust II, and USTNY has
established the United States Trust Company of New York and Affiliated
Companies Executives Benefits Protection Trust, for the purposes of assisting
UST and USTNY in meeting their obligations under certain of the benefit and
compensation plans maintained by them. As adopted by the Company and New
Trustco, these trusts will cover the benefits described above under "Change in
Control Provisions" that become payable to certain officers (including the
Named Executive Officers) upon the occurrence of a "change in control" as
defined above under "Change in Control Provisions". The U.S. Trust Corporation
Benefits Protection Trust I also will cover benefits payable under the Board
Members' Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to the "Interest Portion" of
a board member's deferred amounts under that plan.
 
     Upon the occurrence of a change in control, the trust funds would be used
to make benefit payments to the officers and board members in accordance with
the provisions of the applicable plans and the trust agreements. However, at
all time prior to payment to the officers and board members, all assets held
in the trusts will remain subject to the claims of the Company's and New
Trustco's respective creditors.
 
     The trusts are intended to qualify as "grantor trusts" with the meaning
of the Code, with the consequence that the Company and New Trustco will be
treated as owners of all of the assets and income of the trusts for federal
income tax purposes.
 
                                     H-83
<PAGE>
 
     No contributions have been made to the trusts as yet. It is anticipated
that following the Merger, a variable premium life insurance policy that UST
presently maintains to fund benefits payable to officers and board members
with respect to the Interest Portion of their deferred amounts under the Stock
Plan, Predecessor Performance Plans and the Board Members' Deferred
Compensation Plan will be contributed to the U.S. Trust Corporation Benefits
Protection Trust I.
 
                 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF THE COMPANY
 
Authorized Capital Stock
 
     In accordance with the Distribution Agreement, UST will appropriately
cause the Company to amend the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company in
effect prior to the Distribution to, among other things, increase the
currently authorized number of shares of common stock of the Company and to
exchange the 100 shares of such common stock currently outstanding for a total
number of shares of Company Common Stock, equal to the total number of shares
of UST Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Distribution Record
Date. See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Distribution Agreement". Under the
Restated Certificate, the total number of shares of all classes of stock that
the Company will have authority to issue is 45,000,000 of which 40,000,000 may
be shares of Company Common Stock, and 5,000,000 may be shares of preferred
stock of the Company, par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Preferred
Stock").
 
     Based on the number of shares of UST Common Stock outstanding as of
February 1, 1995 (and assuming the exercise of stock options for 132,691
shares prior to the Time of Distribution), it is estimated that approximately
9,622,000 shares of Company Common Stock will be distributed to UST
stockholders in the Distribution. No shares of the preferred stock of UST, par
value $1.00 per share (the "UST Preferred Stock") were outstanding at February
1, 1995. All the shares of Company Common Stock to be distributed to UST
stockholders in the Distribution will be fully paid and non-assessable.
 
     The Restated Certificate consists of provisions relating to the Company,
including, among others, those relating to Company Common Stock, Company
Preferred Stock, the Stockholder Rights Plan, preemptive rights and
indemnification and insurance, which are substantially similar to the
provisions of the UST Certificate of Incorporation currently in effect. The
following summary describes material provisions of, but does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Restated
Certificate and the Restated Bylaws attached hereto as Appendix I and Appendix
II, respectively, and by applicable provisions of law.
 
Company Common Stock
 
     Holders of shares of Company Common Stock will be entitled to one vote
per share and, subject to the voting rights, if any, of any Company Preferred
Stock issued, such voting rights will be exclusive. See "-- Preferred Stock".
Except as provided by law or by the Restated Certificate, any corporate action
other than election of directors must be authorized by a majority of votes
cast at a meeting of stockholders by holders of shares entitled to vote.
Whenever directors are to be elected by the stockholders, they will be elected
at a meeting of the stockholders by a plurality of the votes cast by the
holders of shares entitled to vote. Holders of shares of Company Common Stock
do not have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors, and, as a
result, a holder or group of holders of more than 50% of Company Common Stock
entitled to vote may elect 100% of the Company Board, in which case holders of
the remaining shares of Company Common Stock would be unable to elect any
person as a director.
 
     Holders of shares of Company Common Stock will be entitled, subject to
the rights, if any, of holders of shares of any Company Preferred Stock
issued, to have equal rights to participate in dividends when declared and, in
the event of liquidation, in the net assets of the Company available for
distribution to stockholders. See "-- Preferred Stock". The Company may not
declare any dividends on, or make any payment on account of the purchase,
redemption or other retirement of, Company Common Stock unless full cumulative
dividends, where applicable, have been paid or declared and set apart for
payment upon all outstanding shares of Company Preferred Stock. Holders of
shares of Company Common Stock do not have redemption or sinking
 
                                     H-84
<PAGE>
 
fund rights, and none of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock is
entitled to preemptive rights or preferential rights to subscribe for shares
of Company Common Stock or any other securities of the Company, except for
certain Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock Purchase Rights (as
defined below) that will be distributed immediately following the Distribution
as a dividend to holders of Company Common Stock, which will be exercisable or
transferable separately from shares of Company Common Stock only upon the
occurrence of certain events including the acquisition by a person or group of
affiliated or associated persons of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock. See "-- Stockholder Rights Plan" below. Shares of
Company Common Stock will be fully paid and nonassessable. The Company intends
to apply for the listing of the Company Common Stock on the National Market
System. See "Listing and Trading of Company Common Stock". New Trustco will be
the transfer agent and registrar for the Company Common Stock.
 
     The Restated Certificate will include a "fair price provision" that would
require, as a condition to the consummation of certain business combinations,
including, among others, certain mergers, asset sales, security issuances,
recapitalization and liquidations, involving the Company or its subsidiaries
and certain acquiring persons (namely, a person, entity or specified group
which beneficially owns more than 10% of the voting stock of the Company (such
person or persons, an "Interested Stockholder")), unless the "fair price" and
other procedural requirements of the provision are met, the affirmative vote
of both (i) the holders of at least 80% of the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting shares of the Company and (ii) the holders of at least
a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting shares
of the Company held by stockholders who are not Interested Stockholders or
affiliates or associates of Interested Stockholders, in each case voting
together as a single class. Such vote will be in addition to any other
stockholder vote required and is required notwithstanding that no vote may
otherwise be required, or that some lesser percentage may be specified by law,
by the Restated Certificate, by the Restated Bylaws, or otherwise.
 
Preferred Stock
 
     The Company Board may authorize the issuance of Company Preferred Stock
in one or more series, which series may have such voting powers, if any, and
such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
special rights, and qualifications, or restrictions thereof, as the Company
Board shall establish in its resolution providing for the issuance of such
series. Any series of Company Preferred Stock issued by the Company may have
dividend, dissolution and other preferences over the Company Common Stock and
may be convertible into shares of Company Common Stock. The Company has no
present plans to issue any Company Preferred Stock. The Company, will,
however, at or immediately following the Time of Distribution, designate a
series of Company Preferred Stock as Series A Participating Cumulative
Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock") in connection with its
stockholder rights plan. See "-- Stockholder Rights Plan -- Series A Preferred
Stock" below.
 
Stockholder Rights Plan
 
     The Rights Agreement
 
     The Company expects that the Company Board will, at or immediately
following the Time of Distribution, declare a dividend distribution of one
Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock Purchase Right (a "Right")
for each outstanding share of Company Common Stock distributed to UST
stockholders pursuant to the Distribution, under a Rights Agreement (the
"Rights Agreement") between the Company and a rights agent, substantially in
the form of the Rights Agreement, dated January 26, 1988, as amended, between
UST and First Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Rights Agent (the "UST
Rights Agreement"). Each Right will entitle the holder to purchase from the
Company one one-hundredth (or 1/100th) of a share of Series A Preferred Stock
(the "Preferred Shares") at a purchase price of $100, subject to adjustment
(the "Purchase Price").
 
     The Rights will not be exercisable or transferable separately from the
shares of Company Common Stock to which they are attached until the earlier of
(i) the date on which a person or group of affiliated or associated persons
(an "Acquiring Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of
the outstanding shares
 
                                     H-85
<PAGE>
 
of Company Common Stock (such event, a "Triggering Event") or (ii) 10 days
following (A) the date of approval under the Bank Holding Company Act, (B) the
date of notice of nondisapproval under the Change in Bank Control Act or (C)
the expiration, without a notice of disapproval having been issued, of the
prior notification period under the Change in Bank Control Act, in each case
for any person or group of affiliated or associated persons to acquire
beneficial ownership of 25% or more of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock (the earlier of such dates being called the "Distribution Date").
 
     The Rights Agreement will provide that, as soon as practicable following
the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing the Rights ("Right
Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of Company Common Stock as
of the close of business on the Distribution Date (and to each initial record
holder of certain Company Common Stock originally issued after the
Distribution Date), and such separate Right Certificates alone will thereafter
evidence the Rights.
 
     The Rights will not be exercisable until the Distribution Date and the
Company anticipates that, pursuant to the Rights Agreement, the Rights will
expire on July 3, 2005 (the "Expiration Date"), unless earlier redeemed by the
Company as described below.
 
     The number of Preferred Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise
of a Right will be subject to adjustment from time to time in the event of (i)
the declaration of a stock dividend payable in Preferred Shares or a
subdivision, combination or reclassification of the Preferred Shares, (ii) the
issuance of certain rights, options or warrants to holders of Company Common
Stock or Equivalent Shares (as defined in the Rights Agreement) to subscribe
for or purchase Company Common Stock or Equivalent Shares at a price per share
less than the then-current market value of such Company Common Stock or
Equivalent Shares or (iii) the distribution to holders of Company Common Stock
or Equivalent Shares of cash (excluding regular periodic cash dividends at a
rate not in excess of 125% of the rate of the last regular cash dividend
theretofore paid) or evidences of indebtedness, assets or securities or
subscription rights, options or warrants (other than those referred to above).
The Purchase Price and the number of Preferred Shares or other securities
issuable upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to
time in the event of the declaration of a stock dividend on the Company Common
Stock payable in Company Common Stock or a subdivision or combination of the
Company Common Stock prior to the Distribution Date. In the event of a
combination of the outstanding Company Common Stock into a smaller number of
Company Common Stock prior to the Distribution Date, the number of Rights
associated with each outstanding Company Common Stock will be proportionately
reduced.
 
     The Preferred Shares will be authorized to be issued in fractions which
are an integral multiple of one one-hundredth (or 1/100th) of a Preferred
Share. The Company may, but is not required to, issue fractions of shares upon
the exercise of Rights, and in lieu of fractional shares, the Company may
issue certificates or utilize a depository arrangement as provided by the
terms of the Rights Agreement and the Preferred Shares and, in the case of
fractions other than one one-hundredth (or 1/100th) of a Preferred Share or
integral multiples thereof, may make a cash payment based on the market price
of such shares.
 
     In the event the Company is acquired in a merger or other business
combination or 50% or more of its assets or assets representing 50% or more of
its earning power are sold, leased, exchanged or otherwise transferred (in one
or more transactions) to a publicly traded corporation, each Right will
entitle its holder to purchase, other than Rights beneficially owned by an
Acquiring Person (which Rights will be void), for the Purchase Price, that
number of common shares of such corporation which at the time of the
transaction would have a market value of twice the Purchase Price. In the
event the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination or 50%
or more of its assets or assets representing 50% or more of the earning power
of the Company are sold, leased, exchanged or otherwise transferred (in one or
more transactions) to an entity that is not a publicly traded corporation,
each Right will entitle its holder to purchase, other than Rights beneficially
owned by an Acquiring Person (which Rights will be void), for the Purchase
Price, at such holder's option, (i) that number of shares of such entity (or,
at such holder's option, of the surviving corporation in such acquisition,
which could be the Company) which at the time of the transaction would have a
book value of twice the Purchase Price or (ii) if such entity has an affiliate
which has publicly traded
 
                                     H-86
<PAGE>
 
common shares, that number of common shares of such affiliate which at the
time of the transaction would have a market value of twice the Purchase Price.
 
     In the event that any person becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of
a Right, other than Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person (which
Rights will be void), will thereafter have the right, upon exercise, to
purchase for the Purchase Price, that number of one one-hundredths (or
1/100ths) of a Preferred Share equal in number to the number of shares of
Company Common Stock having a value equal to two times the Purchase Price of
the Right.
 
     In the event that any Acquiring Person or any affiliate or associate of
any Acquiring Person merges or otherwise combines with the Company in a
transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation and all of the
Company Common Stock remains outstanding and unchanged, each holder of a
Right, other than Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person (which
Rights will be void), will thereafter have the right to acquire, upon
exercise, shares of common stock of the acquiring company having a value equal
to two times the Purchase Price of the Right.
 
     In addition, the Company Board may, at its option, after such time as
there is an Acquiring Person, and provided that such Acquiring Person is not
the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock, exchange all or part of the Rights, other than Rights
beneficially owned by such Acquiring Person (which rights will be void), for
such number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to the aggregate market
value on the date of such exchange equal to the Purchase Price.
 
     The Rights will be redeemable, for cash or other consideration deemed
appropriate by the Company Board, at $0.01 per Right, subject to adjustment,
at any time (the "Redemption Price"); provided, that upon the earlier of the
date of (i) notice of approval under the Bank Holding Company Act, (ii) notice
of nondisapproval under the Change in Bank Control Act or (iii) the
expiration, without a notice of disapproval having been issued, of the prior
notification period under the Change in Bank Control Act, in each case for any
person or group of affiliated or associated persons to acquire beneficial
ownership of 25% or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock,
and thereafter until the earliest of (A) the occurrence of a Triggering Event
or (B) the Expiration Date, the Rights may be redeemed only if (1) there are
disinterested directors then in office and (2) the Company Board, with the
concurrence of a majority of the disinterested directors then in office,
determines that such redemption is, in their judgment, in the best interests
of the Company and its stockholders.
 
     Immediately upon the action of the Company Board electing to redeem the
Rights, the Company will make an announcement thereof, and upon such election,
the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the
holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.
 
     Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the
right to vote or to receive dividends.
 
     At any time prior to the Distribution Date, the Company may, without the
approval of any holder of the Rights, supplement or amend any provision of the
Rights Agreement (including the date on which the Distribution Date shall
occur), except that no supplement or amendment shall be made which reduces the
Redemption Price or provides for an earlier Expiration Date. However, at any
time when any person has received notice of approval under the Bank Holding
Company Act or notice of nondisapproval under the Change in Bank Control Act,
to acquire beneficial ownership of 25% or more of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock, the Rights Agreement may be supplemented or amended only
if the Company Board, with the concurrence of a majority of disinterested
directors, determines that such supplement or amendment is in the best
interests of the Company and its stockholders.
 
     The Rights may have certain anti-takeover effects. The Rights will cause
substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company
in a manner which causes the Rights to become discount Rights unless the offer
is conditioned on a substantial number of Rights being acquired.
 
                                     H-87
<PAGE>
 
     Series A Preferred Stock
 
     The Company will be authorized to issue Series A Preferred Stock in
connection with the Rights issued under the Rights Agreement. See
"-- Authorized Capital Stock" and "-- Preferred Stock". The holders of Series
A Preferred Stock will be entitled to all the rights and privileges set forth
in the Restated Certificate, certain features of which are described below.
 
     The holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive (i)
quarterly cumulative dividends in an amount per share equal to $25 less
dividends received pursuant to the following clause (ii) and (ii) cash
dividends on each payment date for cash dividends on Company Common Stock in
an amount per share equal to the Formula Number (as defined below) then in
effect times the per share amount of all cash dividends then to be paid on
each share of Company Common Stock.
 
     Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote on each
matter on which holders of Company Common Stock will be entitled to vote, and
will have the number of votes equal to the Formula Number then in effect for
each share of Series A Preferred Stock held. Holders of Series A Preferred
Stock will have certain special voting rights in the election of directors
when the equivalent of six quarterly dividends are in default. Whenever
quarterly dividends or distributions on Series A Preferred Stock are in
arrears, the Company's right to declare or pay dividends or other
distributions on, and to redeem or purchase any shares of stock ranking junior
to or on a parity with Series A Preferred Stock is subject to certain
restrictions.
 
     Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether
voluntary or involuntary, the holders of any Series A Preferred Stock will be
entitled to receive, before any distribution is made to holders of shares of
stock ranking junior to Series A Preferred Stock or any distribution (other
than a ratable distribution) is made to the holders of stock ranking on a
parity with Series A Preferred Stock, an amount equal to the accrued dividends
thereon plus the greater of (i) $100 per share or (ii) an amount per share
equal to the Formula Number then in effect times the amount per share to be
distributed to holders of Company Common Stock.
 
     Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemable, in whole, at the option of
the Company Board, at any time at which the Company Board determines that no
person beneficially owns more than 10% of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company generally entitled to vote in the election of directors
of the Company, at a cash price equal to 125% of the product of the Formula
Number times the average market price of Company Common Stock during the
preceding 30 days plus accrued and unpaid dividends.
 
     The initial Formula Number will be 100 (the "Formula Number"). In the
event the Company declares a dividend on the Company Common Stock payable in
Company Common Stock, or effects the subdivision, combination or
reclassification of the outstanding Company Common Stock (including any
reclassification in connection with a merger in which the Company is the
surviving corporation), the Formula Number will be appropriately adjusted. In
the event of a consolidation, merger or other transaction in which the Company
Common Stock is exchanged for or converted into other securities, cash or any
other property, Series A Preferred Stock will be similarly exchanged or
converted in an amount per share equal to the Formula Number then in effect
times the amount per share of securities, cash or other property into which
each share of Company Common Stock is changed or converted.
 
     Series A Preferred Stock will be issuable in whole shares or in any
fraction of a share that is one one-hundredth (or 1/100th) of a share or any
integral multiple of such fraction, subject to certain adjustments. In lieu of
issuing fractional shares, the Company may issue certificates of depositary
receipts evidencing such authorized fractions of shares or, in the case of
fractions other than one one-hundredth (or 1/100th) and integral multiples
thereof, pay registered holders cash equal to the same fraction of the current
market value of a share of Company Preferred Stock (if any are outstanding) or
the equivalent number of shares of Company Common Stock.
 
No Preemptive Rights
 
     No holder of any stock of any class of the Company authorized at the time
of Distribution will then have any preemptive right to subscribe to any
securities of any kind or class.
 
                                     H-88
<PAGE>
 
Description of Certain Statutory, Charter and Bylaw Provisions
 
     Certain Statutory Provisions of the NYBCL
 
     Section 912 of the New York Business Corporation Law ("NYBCL") governs
certain transactions between New York corporations and interested
stockholders. Under Section 912 of the NYBCL, an "interested stockholder" is
one that owns at least 20% of the outstanding voting shares of a corporation.
A New York corporation cannot engage in a business combination with an
interested stockholder for five years following the acquisition date of an
interested stockholder's shares unless the directors approve the business
combination or stock acquisition before the stockholder's stock acquisition
date. Following the five year period, a corporation cannot enter a business
combination with an interested stockholder unless (i) the directors approve
the business combination or the stockholder's stock acquisition before the
stockholder's stock acquisition date (ii) at a meeting called for such
purpose, the holders of a majority of shares not beneficially owned by an
interested stockholder or an associate or affiliate of an interested
stockholder approve the business combination or (iii) the business combination
satisfies certain price and procedural requirements. Pursuant to Section
912(d) of the NYBCL, such restrictions do not apply to a corporation that has
exempted itself by amendment to its bylaws approved by a vote of the majority
of holders of outstanding voting stock, excluding the voting stock of an
interested stockholder or an associate or affiliate of an interested
stockholder. Such an amendment will not become effective for 18 months
following its adoption and will not apply to a business combination with an
interested stockholder whose stock acquisition date is on or before the
effective date of the amendment. The Restated Certificate contains specific
provisions governing certain transactions between the Company and interested
stockholders. See "-- Company Common Stock".
 
     Classified Board of Directors; Nomination of Directors
 
     The provisions of the Restated Bylaws will be substantially similar to
the provisions of UST's Bylaws, as amended, currently in effect (the "UST
Bylaws"). The Restated Bylaws provide for the Company's Board of Directors to
be divided into three classes of directors, as nearly equal as possible,
serving staggered three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of
the members of the Company Board will be elected each year. See
"Management -- Directors". This provision could prevent a party who acquires
outstanding voting stock of the Company having majority voting power from
obtaining control of the Company Board until the second annual stockholders'
meeting following the date the acquiror obtains the controlling interest, and
thus could have the effect of discouraging a potential acquiror from making a
tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company.
Accordingly, this provision could increase the likelihood that incumbent
directors will retain their positions. In addition, the Restated Bylaws will
contain a provision whereby Company stockholders may nominate directors for
election to the Company Board provided that written notice of such election
conforms to certain timing and content restrictions set forth in the Restated
Bylaws (the UST Bylaws contain no such provision governing stockholder
nominations).
 
     Number of Directors; Removal; Vacancies
 
     The Restated Bylaws provide that the number of directors, in any case not
less than nine, will be determined from time to time by a majority of the
entire Company Board or at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders
entitled to vote for the election of directors. Newly created directorships
resulting from an increase in the number of directors and vacancies occurring
in the Company Board for any reason may be filled either by vote of the
stockholders or by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if
such directors do not constitute a quorum. An election for a directorship
filled by a majority vote of the Company Board will occur at the next
stockholder meeting including the election of directors as regular business.
The Restated Bylaws further provide that any director may be removed for cause
either by vote of the stockholders or by a majority of the entire Company
Board.
 
     Annual Meetings' Stockholder Action by Unanimous Consent; Special
Meetings
 
     The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company for the election of
directors and the transaction of such other business as may properly come
before the meeting will be held on a date which is no later than
 
                                     H-89
<PAGE>
 
six months after the close of the Company's preceding fiscal year (but in no
event later than thirteen months after the last annual meeting) and at such
place within or without the State of New York as may be fixed by the Company
Board.
 
     The Restated Bylaws provide that stockholder action may be taken at an
annual or special meeting of stockholders and that action may be taken by the
written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting setting forth the action
so taken and signed by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote
thereon. The Restated Bylaws will provide that special meetings of the
Company's stockholders may only be called by the Company Board or by the
Chairman of the Board, by the President or by a Vice Chairman of the Board.
Only business pertaining to the purpose of the special meeting, as specified
in the call of the meeting, can be transacted at such meeting. Stockholders
will not be entitled to call a special meeting or to require the Company Board
to call a special meeting of stockholders.
 
     Amendment of Certain Charter and Bylaw Provisions
 
     The Restated Bylaws provide that the Company Board may amend or repeal
and new Bylaws may be adopted (i) by vote of the holders of the shares at the
time entitled to vote in the election of directors at any annual meeting of
the stockholders or at any special meeting of the stockholders called for that
purpose or (ii) by the Company Board at any meeting of the Company Board,
except in the case of any particular provision at any time adopted by the
stockholders and specified as not subject to amendment or repeal by the
Company Board.
 
     Preferred Stock
 
     Under the Restated Certificate, the Company Board will have the authority
to provide by resolution for the issuance of shares of one or more series of
Company Preferred Stock and to fix the terms and conditions of each such
series. See "Description of Capital Stock of the Company -- Preferred Stock".
The authorized shares of Company Preferred Stock, as well as authorized but
unissued shares of Company Common Stock, will be available for issuance
without further action by the Company's stockholders, unless stockholder
action is required by applicable law or by the rules of a stock exchange on
which any series of the Company's stock may then be listed.
 
     These provisions will give the Company Board the power to approve the
issuance of a series of Company Preferred Stock that could, depending on its
terms, either impede or facilitate the completion of a merger, tender offer or
other takeover attempt. For example, the issuance of new shares might impede a
business combination if the terms of those shares include voting rights which
would enable a holder to block business combinations. Conversely, the issuance
of new shares might facilitate a business combination if those shares have
general voting rights sufficient to cause an applicable percentage vote
requirement to be satisfied.
 
Indemnification and Insurance
 
     Section 722 of the NYBCL authorizes the indemnification of officers and
directors if such person (i) acted in good faith, (ii) in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation and (iii) in a criminal proceeding, without reasonable cause to
believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Under Section 723 of the NYBCL an
officer or director who successfully defends a proceeding is entitled to
indemnification. In certain other circumstances, the corporation must find
that the director or officer met an appropriate standard of conduct. The
corporation may make this finding through (i) the board, acting as a quorum of
directors not parties to the action, (ii) in certain circumstances, the board
acting upon the written opinion of independent legal counsel or (iii) in
certain circumstances, the stockholders. In some situations, a court, pursuant
to Section 724 of the NYBCL, may award indemnification. Section 725 of the
NYBCL sets out the conditions for advancing the payment of expenses and the
circumstances in which the corporation must notify stockholders when it makes
indemnification payments. Section 721 provides that the indemnification rights
granted under the NYBCL are not exclusive of other indemnification rights as
long as such other rights do not attach when a judgment or other final
adjudication establishes that a director or officer (i) acted in bad faith or
with active and deliberate dishonesty and that
 
                                     H-90
<PAGE>
 
such acts were material to the cause of action adjudicated or (ii) gained a
personal financial or other advantage to which the director or officer was not
legally entitled.
 
     The Restated Bylaws will provide that the Company will indemnify any
current or past director or officer who is party to an actual or threatened
action by virtue of such status. Under the Restated Bylaws, the Company will
not (i) indemnify any director or officer when a final judgment establishes
that the director or officer (A) acted in bad faith or with active and
deliberate dishonesty and that such acts were material to the cause of action
adjudicated or (B) gained a personal financial or other advantage to which the
director or officer was not legally entitled and (ii) be required to indemnify
any director or officer when (A) the actual or threatened action was settled
without final adjudication or without the consent of the Company or (B) the
party is entitled to indemnification pursuant to an insurance policy without
regard to the indemnification provisions of the Restated Bylaws. Any amendment
which prohibits or otherwise limits indemnification rights will not affect any
party until 60 days following his or her notice of such amendment and will not
apply to any act or omission occurring before such 60th day. The Restated
Bylaws also permit the Company to enter into indemnification agreements with
directors, officers and employees. The Restated Bylaws further state that the
indemnification rights provided thereunder are not exclusive of other
indemnification rights protecting a party entitled to indemnification under
the Restated Bylaws.
 
                            ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 
     The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on
Form 10 under the Exchange Act with respect to the shares of Company Common
Stock to be distributed to UST stockholders in the Distribution. This
Information Statement, while forming a part of the Company Form 10, does not
contain all of the information set forth in the Company Form 10 and the
exhibits and schedules thereto.
 
     The Company Form 10 and the exhibits thereto are available for inspection
and copying at the public reference facilities maintained by the Commission at
Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, as well as at the
Regional Offices of the Commission at Northwestern Atrium Center, 500 West
Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661 and 7 World Trade Center,
Suite 1300, New York, New York 10048. Copies of such information will be
obtainable by mail from the Public Reference Branch of the Commission at 450
Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed rates.
 
     Following the Distribution, the Company will be subject to the
informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and, in accordance therewith,
will file reports, proxy statements and other information with the Commission
that will be available for inspection and copying at the Commission's public
reference facilities referred to above. Copies of such material will be
obtainable by mail at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference
Branch of the Commission at the address referred to above. In addition, it is
expected that reports, proxy statements and other information concerning the
Company will be available for inspection at the offices of the NASD, 1735 K
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.
 
                                     H-91
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                            INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
<S>                                                                                       <C>
Acquired Person.......................................................................    26
Acquiring Person......................................................................    85
Agency Securities.....................................................................    37
Asset Management System...............................................................    19
Asset Transfers.......................................................................    22
Audit Committee.......................................................................    68
Average Value Per Share of UST Common Stock...........................................    81
Back Office Services..................................................................    29
 
Bank Holding Company Act..............................................................     9
Bank Merger...........................................................................    29
Bank Processing Services..............................................................    29
BEUs..................................................................................    81
BIF...................................................................................    14
Board of Governors....................................................................     8
Board of Trustees.....................................................................    68
Boards................................................................................    68
Broadway Lease........................................................................    19
Bundled Services......................................................................    27
Campbell..............................................................................    50
Capital Notes.........................................................................    56
CCFA..................................................................................    17
Change of Control.....................................................................    27
Chase.................................................................................     1
Chase Acquired Business...............................................................     1
Chase Assets..........................................................................    19
Chase Common Stock....................................................................     4
Chase Liabilities.....................................................................    20
Chase Parties.........................................................................    24
Chubb.................................................................................    12
Closing Date..........................................................................     7
CMB...................................................................................    29
CMOs..................................................................................    55
Code..................................................................................    28
Code Limitations......................................................................    71
Commission............................................................................    72
Company...............................................................................     1
Company Assets........................................................................    22
Company Board.........................................................................     5
Company Common Stock..................................................................     1
Company Form 10.......................................................................     1
Company Liabilities...................................................................    23
Company Preferred Stock...............................................................    84
Compensation Committee................................................................    68
Contribution Agreement................................................................     1
Contribution Asset Transfers..........................................................    19
Contribution Assets...................................................................    19
Contribution Liabilities..............................................................    19
 
                                     H-92
<PAGE>
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
Core Businesses.......................................................................     1
CTC...................................................................................    11
Debentures............................................................................    17
Deductible Amount.....................................................................    26
Default...............................................................................    14
Delafield.............................................................................    50
Delayed Asset.........................................................................    20
Delayed Liability.....................................................................    20
Disposition...........................................................................    31
Distribution..........................................................................     1
Distribution Agreement................................................................     1
Distribution Asset Transfers..........................................................    22
Distribution Assets...................................................................    22
Distribution Date.....................................................................    86
Distribution Documents................................................................     4
Distribution Liabilities..............................................................    23
Distribution Record Date..............................................................     1
Effective Time........................................................................     4
EITF 94-3.............................................................................    32
ESOP Contributions....................................................................    77
ESOP Loan.............................................................................    77
Exchange Act..........................................................................     1
Executive Committee...................................................................    68
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan..................................................    82
Expiration Date.......................................................................    86
Family Office.........................................................................    27
FAS 114...............................................................................    60
FAS 118...............................................................................    60
FAS 119...............................................................................    60
FDIC..................................................................................    14
FDICIA................................................................................    14
FIRREA................................................................................    14
Fixed Rate GNMAs......................................................................    55
Formula Number........................................................................    88
FRAs..................................................................................    54
401(k) Contributions..................................................................    77
401(k) Plan and ESOP..................................................................    10
GCC...................................................................................    74
GNMA..................................................................................    55
GNMA ARMs.............................................................................    55
IAS...................................................................................    51
Indenture.............................................................................    17
Interested Stockholder................................................................    85
Internal Reorganization...............................................................     3
Interstate Act........................................................................    16
Investable Deposits...................................................................    37
Linter Group..........................................................................    17
Linter Subsidiaries...................................................................    17
 
                                     H-93
<PAGE>
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
Linter Textiles.......................................................................    17
Merger................................................................................     1
Merger Agreement......................................................................     1
MF Service Company....................................................................    23
MF Service Company Retained Liabilities...............................................    23
mortgage loans........................................................................    56
mortgage securities...................................................................    56
Named Executive Officers..............................................................    71
NASD..................................................................................    24
National Market System................................................................     1
New Trustco...........................................................................     1
New Units.............................................................................    81
New UST Parties.......................................................................    24
1990 Annual Incentive Plan............................................................    77
NYBCL.................................................................................    89
Pacific Northwest.....................................................................    44
Post Closing Covenants Agreement......................................................     4
Post-Merger Period....................................................................    78
Predecessor Performance Plans.........................................................    80
Preferred Shares......................................................................    85
Pre-Merger Period.....................................................................    78
Private Letter Ruling.................................................................     5
Pro Forma Statements..................................................................    32
Processing Business...................................................................    18
Proxy Statement-Prospectus............................................................     1
PSUs..................................................................................    80
Purchase Price........................................................................    85
Redemption Price......................................................................    87
Related Back Office...................................................................    18
Required Consent......................................................................    20
Restated Bylaws.......................................................................     5
Restated Certificate..................................................................     5
Restricted Processing Business........................................................    27
Retention Amount......................................................................    23
Retirement Plan.......................................................................    76
Right.................................................................................    85
Rights Agreement......................................................................    85
Right Certificates....................................................................    86
Securities Act........................................................................    11
Series A Preferred Stock..............................................................    85
Service...............................................................................     5
Services Agreement....................................................................     6
Stock Plan............................................................................    77
Tax Allocation Agreement..............................................................     4
Tier 1 capital........................................................................    15
Tier 2 capital........................................................................    15
 
                                     H-94
<PAGE>
 
                                         Term                                           Page
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----
Time of Distribution..................................................................     1
Treasury Securities...................................................................    37
Triggering Event......................................................................    86
UST...................................................................................     1
UST Board.............................................................................     1
UST Bylaws............................................................................    89
UST Common Stock......................................................................     1
U.S.T. Corp. Stock Fund...............................................................    77
UST Directors' Option Plan............................................................    69
UST Preferred Stock...................................................................    84
UST Rights Agreement..................................................................    85
USTNY.................................................................................     1
UST-WY................................................................................    23
UST-WY Retained Liabilities...........................................................    23
</TABLE>
                                     H-95
<PAGE>
 
                                  APPENDIX I
<PAGE>
 
                                                                    APPENDIX I
 
                                   RESTATED
                         CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                      OF
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                           Under Section 807 of the
                           Business Corporation Law
 
     The undersigned, being the Chairman of the Board and the Secretary,
respectively, of NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION (the "Corporation"), hereby
certify:
 
     1. The name of the Corporation, which is the name under which it was
formed, is NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION.
 
     2. The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed by the
Department of State on January 20, 1995 (the "Certificate of Incorporation").
 
     3. The Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended to effect the
following changes authorized by Article 8 of the Business Corporation Law:
 
     (a) To make additions to the corporate purposes of the Corporation, as
set forth in Article FIRST of this restated certificate of incorporation (this
"Restated Certificate of Incorporation");
 
     (b) To grant authority to the Board of Directors to establish and
designate the relative rights, preferences and limitations of each class of
shares, as set forth in Article FOURTH of this Restated Certificate of
Incorporation;
 
     (c) To establish a series of Preferred Shares of the Corporation, the
Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Shares, and to designate the
rights, preferences and limitations of such shares, as set forth in Article
FOURTH of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation;
 
     (d) To increase the aggregate number of shares which the Corporation
shall have authority to issue from 100 Common Shares, par value $1 per share,
to 45,000,000 shares, consisting of 40,000,000 Common Shares, par value $1 per
share and 5,000,000 Preferred Shares, par value $1 per share, as set forth in
Article FOURTH of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation;
 
     (e) To add a new Article FIFTH designating no preferential, preemptive or
other subscription right for shares issued by the Corporation;
 
     (f) To add a new Article SEVENTH designating the first calendar year for
reporting by the Corporation under certain provisions of the Tax Law; and
 
     (g) To add a new Article EIGHTH relating to transactions between the
Corporation and interested shareholders.
                                      I-1
<PAGE>
 
     4. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and
restated to read as herein set forth in full:
 
                                   RESTATED
                         CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                      OF
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
              UNDER SECTION 402 OF THE BUSINESS CORPORATION LAW
 
     FIRST: The name of the Corporation is NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION.
 
     SECOND: The purpose or purposes for which the Corporation is formed are
to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized under the Business Corporation Law, to engage in the business of a
bank holding company under the Federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
heretofore amended and as the same may hereafter be amended (the "Bank Holding
Company Act"), and to engage in any lawful act or activity which is or
hereafter may be permitted to be performed by a bank holding company under the
Bank Holding Company Act; provided that the Corporation is not formed to
engage in any activity requiring the consent or approval of any state
official, department, board, agency or other body without such consent or
approval first being obtained.
 
     THIRD: The office of the Corporation in the State of New York is to be
located in the City and County of New York.
 
     FOURTH: The aggregate number of shares of all classes which the
Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 45,000,000 shares consisting
of 40,000,000 Common Shares, par value $1 per share, and 5,000,000 Preferred
Shares, par value $1 per share.
 
     The designations and the relative rights, preferences and limitations of
the shares of each class, and the authority hereby vested in the Board of
Directors of the Corporation to establish and to fix the numbers, designations
and relative rights, preferences and limitations of each series of Preferred
Shares, are as follows:
 
     1. The Preferred Shares may be issued from time to time by the Board of
Directors in one or more series and, subject only to the provisions of this
Article FOURTH and the limitations prescribed by law, the Board of Directors
is expressly authorized, prior to issuance, in the resolution or resolutions
providing for the issue of, or providing for a change in the number of, shares
of any particular series, and by filing a certificate of amendment of the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation pursuant to the Business
Corporation Law, to establish or change the number of shares to be included in
each such series and to fix the designation and relative voting, dividend,
liquidation and other rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of
each such series. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each
series shall include, but shall not be limited to, determination of the
following:
 
     (a) the distinctive serial designation of such series and the number of
shares constituting such series (provided that the aggregate number of shares
constituting all series of Preferred Shares shall not exceed the aggregate
number of Preferred Shares authorized above);
 
     (b) the times at which and the conditions under which dividends shall be
payable on shares of such series, the annual dividend rate thereon, whether
dividends shall be cumulative and, if so, from which date or dates, and the
status of such dividends as participating or non-participating;
 
     (c) whether the shares of such series shall be redeemable and, if so, the
terms and conditions of such redemption, including the date or dates upon and
after which such shares shall be redeemable, and the amount per share payable
in case of redemption, which amount may vary under different conditions and at
different redemption dates;
 
     (d) the obligation, if any, of the Corporation to retire shares of such
series pursuant to a sinking fund or redemption or purchase account;
 
                                      I-2
<PAGE>
 
     (e) whether the shares of such series shall be convertible into, or
exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or shares of any series
of any class, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion or
exchange, including the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or
exchange and the terms of adjustment thereof, if any;
 
     (f) whether the shares of such series shall have voting rights, in
addition to the voting rights otherwise provided by law, and, if so, the terms
of such voting rights;
 
     (g) the rights of the shares of such series in the event of voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation; and
 
     (h) any other relative rights, preferences and limitations of such
series.
 
     2. All Preferred Shares shall be of equal rank with each other regardless
of series. In case the stated dividends and the amounts payable on liquidation
are not paid in full, the Preferred Shares of all series shall share ratably
in the payment of dividends including accumulations, if any, in accordance
with the sums which would be payable on such shares if all dividends were
declared and paid in full, and in any distribution of assets other than by way
of dividends in accordance with the sums which would be payable in such
distribution if all sums payable were discharged in full.
 
     3. The Preferred Shares of any one series shall be identical with each
other in all respects except as to the dates from which cumulative dividends,
if any, thereon shall be cumulative.
 
     4. Subject to the rights of the Preferred Shares, dividends may be paid
upon the Common Shares as and when declared by the Board of Directors out of
any funds legally available therefor.
 
     5. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation (which shall not be deemed to include a consolidation or merger of
the Corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of the Corporation's
assets, into, with or to any other corporation or Corporations), whether
voluntary or involuntary, and after the holders of the Preferred Shares shall
have been paid in full the amounts, if any, to which they respectively shall
be entitled or provision for such payment shall have been made, the remaining
net assets of the Corporation shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of
the Common Shares.
 
     6. There is hereby established a series of the Corporation's authorized
Preferred Shares, to be designated as the Series A Participating Cumulative
Preferred Shares, par value $1 per share. The relative rights, preferences and
limitations of the Series A Preferred Shares, insofar as not already fixed by
any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation shall, as fixed by
the Board of Directors of the Corporation in the exercise of authority
conferred by this Certificate of Incorporation, and as permitted by Section
502 of the Business Corporation Law, be as follows:
 
     (i) Designation and Number of Shares.  The shares of such series shall be
designated as "Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Shares" (the
"Series A Preferred Shares"). The par value of each share of the Series A
Preferred Shares shall be $1. The number of shares initially constituting the
Series A Preferred Shares shall be 300,000; provided, however, that the number
of Series A Preferred Shares may be increased, by an amendment of this
paragraph (i) of this Section 6, approved by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation, if within the authority of the Board of Directors of the
Corporation under Article FOURTH of the Certificate of Incorporation, to such
greater number of Series A Preferred Shares as are at any time issuable upon
exercise of the Rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement
dated as of , 1995, between the Corporation and First Chicago Trust Company of
New York, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agreement").
 
     (ii) Dividends or Distributions.
 
     (a) subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders of shares of
any other series of Preferred Shares or other class or series of capital stock
of the Corporation ranking prior and superior to the Series A Preferred Shares
with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of the Series A Preferred
Shares shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors, out of the assets of the Corporation legally available therefor,
(1) quarterly dividends payable in cash on the first day of March, June,
September and
 
                                      I-3
<PAGE>
 
December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date after the first issuance of a share or a fraction of a share of the
Series A Preferred Shares, in the amount of $25 per whole share (rounded to
the nearest cent) less the amount of all cash dividends declared on the Series
A Preferred Shares pursuant to the following clause (2) since the immediately
preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or
fraction of a share of the Series A Preferred Shares, and (3) dividends
payable in cash on the payment date for each cash dividend declared on the
Common Shares in an amount per whole share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal
to the Formula Number then in effect times the cash dividends then to be paid
on each Common Share. In addition, if the Corporation shall pay any dividend
or make any distribution on the Common Shares payable in assets, securities or
other forms of noncash consideration (other than dividends or distributions
solely in Common Shares), then, in each such case, the Corporation shall
simultaneously pay or make on each outstanding whole share of the Series A
Preferred Shares a dividend or distribution in like kind equal to the Formula
Number then in effect times such dividend or distribution on each Common
Share. As used in this Section 6, the "Formula Number" shall be 100; provided,
however, that if at any time after , 1995, the Corporation shall (i) declare
or pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or make any
distribution on the Common Shares in Common Shares, (ii) subdivide (by a stock
split or otherwise) the outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of
Common Shares or (iii) combine (by a reverse stock split or otherwise) the
outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of Common Shares, then in each
such event the Formula Number shall be adjusted to a number determined by
multiplying the Formula Number in effect immediately prior to such event by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Common Shares that are
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of Common Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to such event
(and rounding the result to the nearest whole number); and provided, further,
that if at any time after        , 1995, the Corporation shall issue any
shares of its capital stock in a reclassification or change of the outstanding
Common Shares (including any such reclassification or change in connection
with a merger in which the Corporation is the surviving corporation), then in
each such event the Formula Number shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect
such reclassification or change;
 
     (b) the Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the
Series A Preferred Shares as provided in paragraph (ii)(a) above immediately
prior to or at the same time it declares a dividend or distribution on the
Common Shares (other than a dividend or distribution solely in Common Shares);
provided, however, that, in the event no dividend or distribution (other than
a dividend or distribution in Common Shares) shall have been declared on the
Common Shares during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date
and the next Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $25 per share on
the Series A Preferred Shares shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. The Board of Directors may fix a record date
for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Shares
entitled to receive a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record
date shall be the same as the record date for any corresponding dividend or
distribution on the Common Shares;
 
     (c) dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding
Series A Preferred Shares from and after the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date
next preceding the date of original issue of such Series A Preferred Shares;
provided, however, that dividends on Series A Preferred Shares which are
originally issued after the record date for the determination of holders of
Series A Preferred Shares entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and on or
prior to the next succeeding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date shall begin to
accrue and be cumulative from and after such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on Series A Preferred Shares which
are originally issued prior to the record date for the first Quarterly
Dividend Payment, shall be calculated as if cumulative from and after the
March 1, June 1, September 1 or December 1, as the case may be, next preceding
the date of original issuance of such Series A Preferred Shares. Accrued but
unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of
Series A Preferred Shares in an amount less than the total amount of such
dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated
pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time
outstanding;
 
                                      I-4
<PAGE>
 
     (d) so long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Shares are
outstanding, no dividends or other distributions shall be declared, paid or
distributed, or set aside for payment or distribution, on the Common Shares
unless, in each case, the dividend required by this paragraph (ii) to be
declared on the Series A Preferred Shares shall have been declared and paid or
set apart;
 
     (e) the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Shares shall not be
entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions except as provided
herein.
 
     (iii) Voting Rights.  The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Shares
shall have the following voting rights:
 
     (a) each holder of Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled to a
number of votes equal to the Formula Number then in effect, for each share of
the Series A Preferred Shares held of record on each matter on which holders
of the Common Shares or shareholders generally are entitled to vote,
multiplied by the number of votes per share which the holders of the Common
Shares or shareholders generally then have with respect to such matter;
 
     (b) except as otherwise provided herein or by applicable law, the holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Shares and the holders of shares of Common
Shares shall vote together as one class for the election of directors of the
Corporation and on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of
the Corporation;
 
     (c) if at the time of any annual meeting of shareholders for the election
of directors, the equivalent of six quarterly dividends (whether or not
consecutive) payable on any share or shares of Series A Preferred Shares are
in default, the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors of the
Corporation shall be increased by two, subject to any limitation set forth in
this Certificate of Incorporation on the maximum number of directors then
allowable. In addition to voting together with the holders of Common Shares
for the election of other directors of the Corporation, the holders of record
of the Series A Preferred Shares, voting separately as a class to the
exclusion of the holders of Common Shares, shall be entitled at said meeting
of shareholders (and at each subsequent annual meeting of shareholders),
unless all dividends in arrears have been paid or declared and set apart for
payment prior thereto, to vote for the election of such additional directors,
if any, of the Corporation, the holders of any Series A Preferred Shares being
entitled to cast a number of votes per share of the Series A Preferred Shares
equal to the Formula Number. Until the default in payments of all dividends
which permitted the election of said directors shall cease to exist any
director who shall have been so elected pursuant to the next preceding
sentence may be removed at any time by, and be removed without cause only by,
the affirmative vote of the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares at the
time entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast for the
election of any such director at a special meeting of such holders called for
that purpose, and any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the vote of
such holders. If and when such default shall cease to exist, the holders of
the Series A Preferred Shares shall be divested of the foregoing special
voting rights, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent
like default in payments of dividends. Upon the termination of the foregoing
special voting rights, the terms of office of all persons who may have been
elected director pursuant to said special voting rights shall forthwith
terminate, and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors
shall be reduced by two or such other number of directors as shall have been
added pursuant to the provisions of this subsection (c). The voting rights
granted by this subsection (c) shall be in addition to any other voting rights
granted to the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares in this paragraph
(iii);
 
     (d) except as provided herein, in paragraph (xi) or by applicable law,
holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall have no special voting rights and
their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to
vote with holders of Common Shares as set forth herein) for authorizing or
taking any corporate action.
 
     (iv) Certain Restrictions.
 
     (a) whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions
payable on the Series A Preferred Shares as provided in paragraph (ii) of this
Section 6 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid
dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A
Preferred Shares outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation
shall not
 
                                      I-5
<PAGE>
 
     (1) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or
redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Preferred Shares;
 
     (2) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any
shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Shares,
except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Shares and all such
parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the
total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled;
 
     (3) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of
any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Shares provided that
the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares
of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the
Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution,
liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Shares; or
 
     (4) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series
A Preferred Shares, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series
A Preferred Shares, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing
or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of
such shares upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of
the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences
of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will
result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes;
 
     (b) the Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to
purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the
Corporation unless the Corporation could, under subparagraph (a) of this
paragraph (iv), purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in
such manner.
 
     (v) Liquidation Rights.  Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, no distribution shall be
made (1) to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up) to the Series A
Preferred Shares unless, prior thereto, the holders of Series A Preferred
Shares shall have received an amount equal to the accrued and unpaid dividends
and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such
payment, plus an amount equal to the greater of (x) $100 per share or (y) an
aggregate amount per share equal to the Formula Number then in effect times
the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of Common Shares,
or (2) to the holders of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred
Shares, except distributions made ratably on the Series A Preferred Shares and
all other such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to which the
holders of all such shares are entitled upon such liquidation, dissolution or
winding up.
 
     (vi) Consolidation, Merger, etc.  In case the Corporation shall enter
into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the
Common Shares are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities,
cash or any other property, then in any such case the then outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Shares shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or
changed in an amount per share equal to the Formula Number then in effect
times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash or any other property
(payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each Common
Share is exchanged or changed.
 
     (vii) Redemption; No Sinking Fund.
 
     (a) the Series A Preferred Shares shall not be redeemable at the option
of the Corporation except as set forth in this paragraph (vii). The
outstanding Series A Preferred Shares may be redeemed at the option of the
Board of Directors as a whole, but not in part, at any time at which, in the
good faith determination of the Board of Directors no person beneficially owns
more than 10% of the aggregate voting power represented by all the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation generally entitled to vote in the
election of Directors of the Corporation, at a cash price per share equal to
(i) 125% of the product of the Formula Number times the Market Value (as such
term is hereinafter defined) of the Common Shares, plus (ii) all dividends
which on the redemption date have accrued on the shares to be redeemed and
have not been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof
set apart, without interest. The "Market Value" on any date shall be
 
                                      I-6
<PAGE>
 
deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices, per share, of the Common
Shares for the 30 consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to the date in
question. The closing price for each Trading Day shall be the last sale price,
regular way, or, in case no such sale take place on such Trading Day, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system if the
Common Shares are listed or admitted to trading on a national securities
exchange or, if the Common Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any
national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the
average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market,
as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated
Quotation System or such other system then in use, or, if on any such Trading
Day the Common Shares are not quoted by any such organization, the average of
the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker
making a market in the Common Shares selected by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation. If on any such Trading Day no market maker is making a market in
the Common Shares, the closing price of such Common Shares on such Trading Day
shall be deemed to be the fair value of the Common Shares as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. "Trading Day" shall
mean a day on which the principal national securities exchange on which the
Common Shares are listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of
business or, if the Common Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any
national securities exchange, a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday
which is not a day on which banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan,
The City of New York, are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to
close;
 
     (b) the shares of Series A Preferred Shares shall not be subject to or
entitled to the operation of a retirement or sinking fund.
 
     (viii) Ranking.  The Series A Preferred Shares shall rank equally and on
a parity with all other series of Preferred Shares of the Corporation with
respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon the
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.
 
     (ix) Fractional Shares.  The Series A Preferred Shares shall be issuable
upon exercise of the Rights issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement in whole
shares or in any fraction of a share that is one one-hundredth (1/100th) of a
share or any integral multiple of such fraction which shall entitle the
holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to receive
dividends, exercise voting rights, participate in distributions and to have
the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Preferred Shares. The
Corporation, prior to the first issuance of a share or a fraction of a share
of Series A Preferred Shares, may elect (1) to issue certificates evidencing
such authorized fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Shares or (2) to
issue depository receipts evidencing such authorized fraction of a share of
Series A Preferred Shares pursuant to an appropriate agreement between the
Corporation and a depository selected by the Corporation, provided that such
agreement shall provide that the holders of such depository receipts shall
have all the rights, privileges and preferences to which they are entitled as
holders of the Series A Preferred Shares.
 
     (x) Reacquired Shares.  Any Series A Preferred Shares purchased or
otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be
retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares
shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued shares of
Preferred Shares, without designation as to series until such shares are once
more designated as part of a particular series by resolution of the Board of
Directors.
 
     (xi) Amendment.  None of the powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional and other special rights of the Series A Preferred
Shares as provided herein shall be amended in any manner which would alter or
change the powers, preferences, rights or privileges of the holders of Series
A Preferred Shares so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote
of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding Series A Preferred
Shares, voting as a separate class; provided, however, that no such amendment
approved by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding Series A
Preferred Shares shall be deemed to apply to the powers, preferences, rights
or privileges of any holder of Series A Preferred Shares originally issued
upon exercise of the Rights after the time of such approval without the
approval of such holder.
 
     FIFTH: No holder of shares of the Corporation of any class, now or
hereafter authorized, shall have any preferential, preemptive or other right
to subscribe for, purchase or receive any shares of the Corporation of
 
                                      I-7
<PAGE>
 
any class, now or hereafter authorized, or any options or warrants for such
shares, or any rights, to subscribe to or purchase such shares, or any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, which may at any
time be issued, sold or offered for sale by the Corporation other than as the
Board of Directors in its discretion may from time to time determine on such
terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may from time to time fix.
 
     SIXTH: The Secretary of State is designated as agent of the Corporation
upon whom process against it may be served. The mail post office address to
which the Secretary of State shall mail a copy of any process against the
Corporation served upon him or her is 114 West 47th Street, New York, New York
10036.
 
     SEVENTH: The accounting period which the Corporation intends to establish
as its first calendar or fiscal year for reporting the franchise tax imposed
by Article Nine-A of the Tax Law of the State of New York is the period ending
December 31, 1995.
 
     EIGHTH: (A) Except as provided in paragraph (B), the affirmative vote, at
a meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation, of (i) the holders of at
least 80% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Shares
(as hereinafter defined) of the Corporation and (ii) the holders of at least a
majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Shares of
the Corporation held by Disinterested Shareholders (as hereinafter defined),
in each case voting together as a single class, shall be required prior to and
as a condition to the consummation of any Business Combination (as hereinafter
defined). Such vote shall be in addition to any shareholder vote required
without reference to this Article EIGHTH, and shall be required
notwithstanding that no vote may otherwise be required, or that some lesser
percentage may be specified, by law, by this certificate of incorporation, by
the Corporation's bylaws or otherwise.
 
     (B) The provisions of paragraph (A) shall not apply to a particular
Business Combination, and such Business Combination shall require only such
shareholder vote or approval (if any) as would be required without reference
to this Article EIGHTH, if either (I) the Business Combination shall have been
approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors (as hereinafter defined),
whether such approval is given before or after the transaction in which the
Interested Shareholder (as hereinafter defined) became an Interested
Shareholder, or (II) all the conditions set forth in subparagraphs (1) through
(5) below are satisfied.
 
     (1) The transaction constituting the Business Combination shall provide
that the holders of Common Shares shall receive a consideration in exchange
for their Common Shares, and the aggregate amount of cash and the Fair Market
Value (as hereinafter defined) as of the date of the consummation of the
Business Combination of consideration other than cash to be received per share
by holders of Common Shares in such Business Combination shall be at least
equal to the highest of the following:
 
     (a) (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any brokerage
commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to
acquire any Common Shares of which the Interested Shareholder is the
Beneficial Owner (as hereinafter defined) which were acquired (i) within the
two-year period immediately prior to the date of the first public announcement
of the proposed Business Combination (the "Announcement Date") or (ii) in the
transaction in which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested
Shareholder, whichever is higher;
 
     (b) the Fair Market Value per Common Share on the Announcement Date or on
the date on which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder,
whichever is higher; and
 
     (c) (if applicable) the price per share equal to the Fair Market Value
per Common Share determined pursuant to clause (b) immediately preceding
multiplied by the ratio of (i) the highest per share price (including any
brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in
order to acquire any Common Shares of which the Interested Shareholder is the
Beneficial Owner which were acquired within the two-year period immediately
prior to the Announcement Date to (ii) the Fair Market Value per Common Share
on the first day in such two-year period on which the Interested Shareholder
was the Beneficial Owner of any Common Shares.
 
                                      I-8
<PAGE>
 
     (2) If the transaction constituting the Business Combination shall
provide that the holders of any class of outstanding Voting Shares other than
Common Shares shall receive a consideration in exchange for their shares, the
aggregate amount of cash and the Fair Market Value as of the date of the
consummation of the Business Combination of consideration other than cash to
be received per share by holders of such Voting Shares shall be at least equal
to the highest of the following (it being intended that the requirements of
this subparagraph (B)(2) shall be met with respect to every class of
outstanding Voting Shares other than Common Shares, whether or not the
Interested Shareholder is the Beneficial Owner of any shares of a particular
class of such Voting Shares):
 
     (a) (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any brokerage
commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to
acquire any shares of such class of Voting Shares of which the Interested
Shareholder is the Beneficial Owner which were acquired (i) within the
two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date or (ii) in the
transaction in which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested
Shareholder, whichever is higher;
 
     (b) (if applicable) the highest preferential amount per share to which
the holders of shares of such class of Voting Shares are entitled in the event
of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation;
 
     (c) the Fair Market Value per share of such class of Voting Shares on the
Announcement Date or on the date on which the Interested Shareholder became an
Interested Shareholder, whichever is higher; and
 
     (d) (if applicable) the price per share equal to the Fair Market Value
per share of such class of Voting Shares determined pursuant to clause (c)
immediately preceding multiplied by the ratio of (i) the highest per share
price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting
dealers' fees) paid in order to acquire any shares of such class of Voting
Shares of which the Interested Shareholder is the Beneficial Owner which were
acquired within the two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date
to (ii) the Fair Market Value per share of such class of Voting Shares on the
first day in such two-year period on which the Interested Shareholder was the
Beneficial Owner of any shares of such class of Voting Shares.
 
     (3) The consideration to be received in such Business Combination by
holders of a particular class of outstanding Voting Shares (including Common
Shares) shall be in cash or in the same form as was previously paid in order
to acquire shares of such class of Voting Shares of which the Interested
Shareholder is the Beneficial Owner and, if the Interested Shareholder is the
Beneficial Owner of shares of any class of Voting Shares which were acquired
with varying forms of consideration, the form of consideration to be received
by holders of such class of Voting Shares shall be either cash or the form
used to acquire the largest number of shares of such class of Voting Shares of
which the Interested Shareholder is the Beneficial Owner.
 
     (4) After such Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder
and prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, (a) such
Interested Shareholder shall not have received the benefit, directly or
indirectly (except proportionately as a shareholder), of any loans, advances,
guarantees, pledges or other financial assistance or tax credits provided by
the Corporation or any Subsidiary (as hereinafter defined), or made any major
change in the Corporation's business or equity capital structure or entered
into any contract, arrangement or understanding with the Corporation, except
any such change, contract, arrangement or understanding as may have been
approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors, (b) except as approved by
a majority of the Continuing Directors, there shall have been no failure to
declare and pay at the regular date therefor any full quarterly dividend
(whether or not cumulative) on any outstanding Preferred Shares or other
shares of the Corporation entitled to a preference over Common Shares as to
dividends or upon liquidation; (c) there shall have been (i) no reduction in
the annual rate of dividends paid on the Common Shares (except as necessary to
reflect any subdivision of the Common Shares), unless approved by a majority
of the Continuing Directors, and (ii) an increase in such annual rate of
dividends (as necessary to prevent any such reduction) in the event of any
reclassification (including any reverse stock split), recapitalization,
reorganization or similar transaction which has the effect of reducing the
number of outstanding Common Shares, unless the failure so to increase such
annual rate is approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors; (d) such
Interested Shareholder shall not have become the Beneficial Owner of any
additional
 
                                      I-9
<PAGE>
 
Voting Shares subsequent to the transaction in which it became an Interested
Shareholder; and (e) there shall have always been at least three Continuing
Directors on the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
 
     (5) Whether or not required by law, a proxy or information statement
complying with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act") shall have been mailed to all holders of Voting
Shares for the purpose of soliciting shareholder approval of such Business
Combination at least 30 days prior to the consummation thereof. Such proxy or
information statement shall contain at the front thereof, in a prominent
place, any recommendations as to the advisability (or inadvisability) of the
Business Combination which the Continuing Directors, or any of them, may have
furnished to the Corporation in writing and, if deemed advisable by a majority
of the Continuing Directors, an opinion of a reputable investment banking firm
as to the fairness (or lack of fairness) of the terms of such Business
Combination from the point of view of the Disinterested Shareholders (such
investment banking firm to be selected by a majority of the Continuing
Directors, to be furnished with all information it reasonably requests and to
be paid a reasonable fee by the Corporation for its services following the
receipt by the Corporation of such opinion).
 
     (C) For the purposes of this Article EIGHTH:
 
     (1) The term "Business Combination" means (i) any sale, lease, exchange,
mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition to or with an Interested
Shareholder (in a single transaction or a series of related transactions) of
all or a Substantial Part (as hereinafter defined) of the assets of the
Corporation (including without limitation any securities of a Subsidiary) or
all or a Substantial Part of the assets of a Subsidiary; (ii) any sale, lease,
exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition to or with the
Corporation or to or with a Subsidiary (in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions) of all or a Substantial Part of the assets of an
Interested Shareholder; (iii) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation
or any Subsidiary into or with an Interested Shareholder or into or with
another Corporation or company which, after such merger or consolidation,
would be an Affiliate (as hereinafter defined) of an Interested Shareholder,
in each case irrespective of which Corporation or company is the surviving
entity in such merger or consolidation; (iv) the issuance or transfer of any
securities of the Corporation or a Subsidiary by the Corporation or a
Subsidiary to an Interested Shareholder, with the exception of securities
which, when aggregated with all such securities so issued or transferred
within the preceding five years to such Interested Shareholder and the
Affiliates and Associates (as hereinafter defined) of such Interested
Shareholder, or any of them, have a Fair Market Value of less than $13
million, determined in each case as of the time of each issuance or transfer
in question and with the exception of an issuance of securities upon
conversion of convertible securities of the Corporation or of a Subsidiary
which were not acquired by the Interested Shareholder (or any such Affiliate
or Associate) from the Corporation or any Subsidiary; (v) any reclassification
of securities (including any reverse stock split or consolidation of shares),
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Corporation
with any of its Subsidiaries, or any similar transaction (whether or not with
or into or otherwise involving an Interested Shareholder) which has the
effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate amount of the
outstanding shares or amount of any class of equity security of the
Corporation or any Subsidiary which is directly or indirectly owned by any
Interested Shareholder; (vi) any merger of the Corporation into a Subsidiary,
or any consolidation between the Corporation and a Subsidiary, unless the
surviving or consolidated corporation or company, as the case may be, has a
provision in its certificate of incorporation identical or substantially
similar to this Article EIGHTH; (vii) the adoption of any plan or proposal for
the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation proposed by or on behalf of
any Interested Shareholder or any Affiliate or Associate of any Interested
Shareholder; or (viii) any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing
for any of the transactions hereinabove described in this definition of
Business Combination.
 
     (2) "Interested Shareholder" at any particular time means, with respect
to any Business Combination, any Person (as hereinafter defined) (other than
the Corporation or any Subsidiary) who or which (i) is the Beneficial Owner of
10% or more of the outstanding Voting Shares, (ii) is an Affiliate of the
Corporation and at any time within the preceding five years was the Beneficial
Owner of 10% or more of the then outstanding Voting Shares or (iii) is at such
time an assignee of or has otherwise succeeded to the beneficial ownership of
any Voting Shares of which any Interested Shareholder was the Beneficial Owner
at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in
question, if such assignment or succession shall have occurred in
 
                                     I-10
<PAGE>
 
the course of a transaction or series of related transactions not involving
any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"). "Person" means any individual, firm,
corporation, company or other entity.
 
     (3) A Person shall be considered the "Beneficial Owner" of any Voting
Shares (i) which are owned beneficially (whether or not owned of record) by
such Person or by any Affiliate or Associate of such Person, (ii) which such
Person or any Affiliate or Associate of such Person has (a) the right to
acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the
passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or
upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options,
or otherwise, or (b) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement
or understanding, or (iii) which are owned beneficially (whether or not owned
of record) by any other Person with which such first-mentioned Person or any
of its Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or
understanding with respect to acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any
Voting Shares or acquiring, holding or disposing of all or a Substantial Part
of the assets of the Corporation or a Subsidiary. For the purpose only of
determining whether a Person is the Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of the
outstanding Voting Shares, such outstanding shares shall be deemed to include
any Voting Shares which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement
or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights,
warrants, options or otherwise and of which such Person is deemed to be the
Beneficial Owner pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph
(3). In addition to such provisions, for all purposes of this Article EIGHTH,
a Person shall be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of Voting Shares if such
Person is deemed the beneficial owner thereof pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act.
 
     (4) For the purpose of determining whether a Person is an Interested
Shareholder pursuant to subparagraph (2) of this paragraph (C), the number of
Voting Shares deemed to be outstanding shall include shares of which the
Interested Shareholder is deemed the Beneficial Owner through application of
subparagraph (3) of this paragraph (C) but shall not include any other Voting
Shares which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights,
warrants or options, or otherwise.
 
     (5) "Disinterested Shareholder" means a shareholder of the Corporation
who is not an Interested Shareholder or an Affiliate or an Associate of an
Interested Shareholder.
 
     (6) The term "Voting Shares" means shares of the Corporation entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, considered for the purposes of
this Article EIGHTH as one class.
 
     (7) The term "Substantial Part" as used with reference to the assets of
the Corporation, of any Subsidiary or of any Interested Shareholder means
assets having a value of more than 5% of the total consolidated assets of the
Corporation and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the Corporation's most
recent fiscal year ended prior to the time the determination is being made.
 
     (8) For purposes of paragraph (B) of this Article EIGHTH, in the event of
a Business Combination upon consummation of which the Corporation would be the
surviving corporation or company or would continue to exist (unless it is
provided, contemplated or intended that as part of such Business Combination
or within one year after consummation thereof a plan of liquidation or
dissolution of the Corporation will be adopted or effected), the term
"consideration other than cash to be received" shall include (without
limitation) Common Shares of the Corporation retained by shareholders of the
Corporation other than Interested Shareholders who are parties to such
Business Combination.
 
     (9) "Continuing Director" means a member of the Board of Directors of the
Corporation who is not an Affiliate or an Associate of an Interested
Shareholder and not a representative or nominee of an Interested Shareholder
and who either (i) was first elected as a director prior to the date as of
which an Interested Shareholder who or which proposes to enter into or be a
party to or involved in a Business Combination became an Interested
Shareholder or (ii) was designated (before his initial election as a director)
as a continuing Director by a majority of the then Continuing Directors.
 
     (10) "Affiliate" means a Person who directly, or indirectly through one
or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common
control with, another Person and in addition means any "affiliate" as
 
                                     I-11
<PAGE>
 
that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act (the term
"registrant" in such Rule 12b-2 meaning in this case the Corporation).
 
     (11) "Associate" means (i) any corporation, company or organization of
which a Person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the
Beneficial Owner of 5% or more of any class (or series thereof) of equity
securities, (ii) any trust or other estate in which a Person has a 5% or
larger beneficial interest of any nature or as to which a Person serves as
trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity, (iii) any spouse of a Person, (iv)
any relative of a Person, or any relative of a spouse of a Person, who has the
same residence as such Person or spouse, and (v) any "associate" as that term
is defined in such Rule 12b-2 (the term "registrant" in such Rule 12b-2
meaning in this case the Corporation).
 
     (12) "Subsidiary" means any corporation or company of which a majority of
any class (or series thereof) of equity security (as defined in Rule 3a11-1
under the Exchange Act) is owned, directly, or indirectly, by the Corporation;
provided, however, that for the purposes of the definition of Interested
Shareholder set forth in subparagraph (2) of this paragraph (C), the term
"Subsidiary" shall mean only a corporation or company of which a majority of
each class (or series thereof) of equity security is owned, directly or
indirectly, by the Corporation.
 
     (13) "Fair Market Value" means: (1) in the case of shares, the highest
closing sale price during the 30-day period immediately preceding the date in
question of a share on the Composite Tape for New York Stock Exchange Listed
Stocks, or, if such class of shares is not quoted on the Composite Tape, on
the New York Stock Exchange, or if such class is not listed on such Exchange,
on the principal United States securities exchange registered under the
Exchange Act on which such stock is listed, or, if such stock is not listed on
any such exchange, the highest closing sale price (or highest closing bid
quotation if such closing sale price is not reported) with respect to such
shares during the 30-day period preceding the date in question on the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or any
system then in use, or if no such quotations are available, the fair market
value on the date in question of a share as determined by a majority of the
Continuing Directors in good faith; and (2) in the case of property other than
cash or shares, the fair market value of such property on the date in question
as determined by a majority of the Continuing Directors in good faith.
 
     (14) As used in the definition of Business Combination, a "series of
related transactions" shall be deemed to include not only a series of
transactions with the same Interested Shareholder but also a series of
separate transactions with an Interested Shareholder and any Affiliate or
Associate of such Interested Shareholder.
 
     (15) An Interested Shareholder shall be deemed to have acquired a share
of the Corporation at the time when such Interested Shareholder became the
Beneficial Owner thereof. With respect to shares owned by Affiliates,
Associates or other Persons whose ownership is attributed to an Interested
Shareholder under the foregoing definition of Beneficial Owner, if the price
paid by such Interested Shareholder for such shares is not determinable, the
price so paid shall be deemed to be the higher of (a) the price paid upon
acquisition thereof by the Affiliate, Associate or other Person or (b) the
market price of the shares in question at the time when the Interested
Shareholder became the Beneficial Owner thereof.
 
     (D) A majority of the Continuing Directors shall have the power to
determine for the purposes of this Article EIGHTH, on the basis of information
known to them, (i) whether a Person is an Interested Shareholder, (ii) the
number of Voting Shares of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, (iii)
whether a Person is an Affiliate or Associate of another, (iv) whether a
Person has an agreement, arrangement or understanding with another as to the
matters referred to in subparagraph (3) of paragraph (C), (v) whether the
assets subject to any Business Combination constitute a "Substantial Part" as
hereinabove defined, (vi) whether two or more transactions constitute a
"series of related transactions" as hereinabove defined and (vii) any matters
referred to in subparagraph (15) of paragraph (C). Any such determination made
in good faith shall be binding and conclusive on all parties.
 
     (E) Any amendment, change or repeal of this Article EIGHTH, or any other
amendment of this certificate of incorporation which would have the effect of
modifying or permitting circumvention of this
 
                                     I-12
<PAGE>
 
Article EIGHTH, shall require the affirmative vote, at a meeting of
shareholders of the Corporation, of (i) the holders of at least 80% of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Shares and (ii) the
holders of at least a majority of the combined voting power of the then
outstanding Voting Shares held by Disinterested Shareholders, in each case
voting together as a single class; provided, however, that this paragraph (E)
shall not apply to, and such 80% vote and such majority vote shall not be
required for, any such amendment, change or repeal recommended to shareholders
by a majority of the Continuing Directors and any such amendment, change or
repeal so recommended shall require only the vote, if any, required under the
applicable provisions of the New York Business Corporation Law. For purposes
of this paragraph (E) only, if at the time when any such amendment, change or
repeal is under consideration there is no proposed Business Combination (in
which event clause (i) of the definition of Continuing Director in
subparagraph (C)(9) above would be inapplicable), the "Continuing Directors"
shall be deemed to be those persons who were members of the Board of Directors
of the Corporation at the time when the amendment of this certificate of
incorporation to add this Article EIGHTH was approved by shareholders plus
those persons who are Continuing Directors pursuant to clause (ii) of
subparagraph (C)(9).
 
     (F) Nothing contained in this Article EIGHTH shall be construed to
relieve any Interested Shareholder from any fiduciary obligation imposed by
law.
 
     (G) The fact that any Business Combination complies with the provisions
of this Article EIGHTH shall not be construed to impose any fiduciary
obligation on the Board of Directors, or any member thereof, to approve such
Business Combination or to recommend its adoption or approval by the
shareholders of the Corporation.
 
     NINTH: No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the
Corporation or its shareholders or any of them for damages for any breach of
duty in such capacity, except as may otherwise be required by applicable law.
Any repeal or modification of this Article NINTH shall not adversely affect
any right or protection of a director of the Corporation with respect to any
act or omission occurring prior to, or at the time of, such repeal or
modification.
 
     5. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the amendments set
forth herein have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors by unanimous
written consent, followed by the unanimous written consent of the shareholders
of the Corporation pursuant to Sections 708(b) and 615(a), respectively, of
the Business Corporation Law.
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Restated
Certificate of Incorporation on this      th day of           , 1995 and
affirmed that the statements made herein are true under penalties of perjury.
 
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                  H. Marshall Schwarz
                                                 Chairman of the Board
 
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                  Carol A. Strickland
                                                       Secretary
 
                                     I-13
<PAGE>
 
                                 APPENDIX II
 <PAGE>
 
                                                                   APPENDIX II
 
                                   RESTATED
                                   BY-LAWS
                                      OF
                        NEW USTC HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 
                                  ARTICLE I
 
                                 SHAREHOLDERS
 
     SECTION 1.01. Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting of the shareholders of
New USTC Holdings Corporation (the "Corporation") for the election of
directors and the transaction of such other business as may properly come
before the meeting shall be held on a date which is no later than six months
after the close of the Corporation's preceding fiscal year (but in no event
later than 13 months after the last annual meeting) and at such place within
or without the State of New York as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
 
     SECTION 1.02. Special Meetings.  Except as otherwise provided by law, a
special meeting of the shareholders may be called by the Board of Directors,
by the Chairman of the Board, by the President or by a Vice Chairman of the
Board. Any such call or request shall state the purpose or purposes of the
proposed meeting, and the business transacted at such meeting shall be
confined to the purpose or purposes stated in the call. Special meetings shall
be held at such place within or without the State of New York and on such date
as may be specified in the call thereof, but any special meeting may be called
and held in conjunction with an annual meeting of the shareholders.
 
     SECTION 1.03. Record Date for Meetings and Other Purposes.  For the
purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent
to or dissent from any proposal without a meeting, or for the purpose of
determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the
allotment of any rights, or for the purpose of any other action, the Board of
Directors may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such
determination of shareholders. Such date shall not be more than 50 nor less
than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 50 days prior to
any other action.
 
     If no record date is so fixed by the Board of Directors, (a) the record
date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which notice is given or, if no notice is given, the day
on which the meeting is held, and (b) the record date for determining
shareholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the
day on which the resolution of the Board of Directors relating thereto is
adopted.
 
     A determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at any meeting of shareholders made in accordance with this Section shall
apply to any adjournment thereof, unless the Board of Directors fixes a new
record date under this Section for the adjourned meeting.
 
     SECTION 1.04. Notice of Meetings.  Whenever shareholders are required or
permitted to take any action at a meeting, written notice shall be given
stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and, unless it is the annual
meeting, indicating that it is being issued by or at the direction of the
person or persons calling the meeting. Notice of a special meeting shall also
state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. If at any
meeting action is proposed which would if taken entitle shareholders
fulfilling the requirements of Section 623 of the New York Business
Corporation Law to receive payment for their shares, the notice of such
meeting shall include a statement of that purpose and to that effect. A copy
of the notice of any meeting shall be given personally or by mail not less
than 10 nor more than 50 days before the date of the meeting to each
shareholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice is given
when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid directed
to the shareholder at his address as it appears on
 
                                     II-1
<PAGE>
 
the record of shareholders, or, if he shall have filed with the Secretary of
the Corporation a written request that notices to him be mailed to some other
address, then directed to him at such other address.
 
     When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, it shall not be
necessary to give any notice of the adjourned meeting if the time and place to
which the meeting is adjourned are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken, and at the adjourned meeting any business may be
transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the
meeting. However, if after the adjournment the Board of Directors fixes a new
record date for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall
be given to each shareholder of record on the new record date entitled to
notice under this Section.
 
     SECTION 1.05. Waivers of Notice.  Notice of any meeting of shareholders
need not be given to any shareholder who submits a signed waiver of notice, in
person or by proxy, whether before or after the meeting. The attendance of any
shareholder at a meeting, in person or by proxy, without protesting prior to
the conclusion of the meeting the lack of notice of such meeting shall
constitute a waiver of notice by him.
 
     SECTION 1.06. List of Shareholders at Meetings.  A list of shareholders
as of the record date, certified by the Secretary or transfer agent of the
Corporation, shall be produced at any meeting of shareholders upon the request
thereat or prior thereto of any shareholder. If the right to vote at any
meeting is challenged, the inspectors of election, or person presiding
thereat, shall require such list of shareholders to be produced as evidence of
the right of the persons challenged to vote at such meeting, and all persons
who appear from such list to be shareholders entitled to vote thereat may vote
at such meeting.
 
     SECTION 1.07. Quorum at Meetings.  Except as otherwise provided by law,
the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereat shall
constitute a quorum at any meeting of shareholders for the transaction of any
business, but the shareholder present may adjourn the meeting despite the
absence of a quorum. When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting it
shall not be broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholders.
 
     SECTION 1.08. Presiding Officer and Secretary.  At any meeting of the
shareholders, if neither the Chairman of the Board, the President, a Vice
Chairman of the Board nor a person designated by the Board of Directors to
preside at the meeting shall be present, the shareholders shall appoint a
presiding officer for the meeting. If neither the Secretary nor an Assistant
Secretary be present, the appointee of the person presiding at the meeting
shall act as secretary of the meeting.
 
     SECTION 1.09. Nomination of Directors.  Only persons who are nominated in
accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.09 shall be
eligible for election as directors at any meeting of shareholders held for the
election of directors (an "Election Meeting"). Nominations of persons for
election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at an
Election Meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by a
shareholder of the Corporation who was a shareholder of record at the time of
giving of notice provided for in this Section 1.09, who is entitled to vote
for the election of directors at such Election Meeting and who complies with
the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.09. Such nominations, other
than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be
made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a shareholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and
received at the principal office of the Corporation not less than 60 days nor
more than 90 days prior to such Election Meeting; provided, however, that in
the event the election Meeting is not held within 10 business days of the date
set in these By-laws for the election of directors and less than 70 days'
notice or prior public announcement of the date of such Election Meeting is
given or made to shareholders, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be
so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the
day on which such notice of the date of such Election Meeting was mailed or
such public announcement was made. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing
sentence to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be
elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at such Election Meeting
is increased or there is a vacancy to be filled at such Election Meeting in a
class of directors whose terms do not expire at such Election Meeting and
there is no public announcement at least 70 days prior to such Election
Meeting naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the
enlarged Board of Directors or the number of directors to be elected, a
shareholder's notice required by this Section 1.09 shall also be considered
timely, but only with respect to nominees for any positions created by such
increase or
 
                                     II-2
<PAGE>
 
vacancy, if it shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal
office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day
following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the
Corporation.
 
     Such shareholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set
forth (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for
election or re-election as a director, (i) the name, age, business address and
residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment
of such person, (iii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which
are owned beneficially by such person and (iv) any other information
concerning such person that is required to be disclosed in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required,
in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (including without limitation such
person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee
and to serving as a director if elected); and (b) as to the shareholder giving
the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is
made, (i) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the
Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and
number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record
by such shareholder and by such beneficial owner. At the request of the Board
of Directors, any person nominated by the Board of Directors for election as a
director shall furnish to the Secretary of the Corporation that information
required to be set forth in a shareholder's notice of nomination which
pertains to such nominee.
 
     No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation
unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section
1.09. In the event that a person is validly designated as a nominee in
accordance with the foregoing and shall thereafter become unable or unwilling
to stand for election to the Board of Directors, the Board of Directors or the
shareholder who proposed such nominee, as the case may be, may designate a
substitute nominee. The presiding officer of the meeting shall, if the facts
warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.09 and if the presiding
officer should so determine, he or she shall declare to the meeting that the
defective nomination shall be disregarded. In addition to the provisions of
this Section 1.09, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with
respect to the matters set forth herein.
 
     SECTION 1.10. Public Announcement.  For purposes of this Article I,
"public announcement" shall mean disclosure in a communication sent by first
class mail to shareholders, in a press releases reported by the Dow Jones News
Service, Reuters Information Services, Inc., Associated Press or a comparable
national news service or in a document filed by the Corporation with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act.
 
     SECTION 1.11. Proxies.  Every shareholder entitled to vote at a meeting
of shareholders or to express consent or dissent without a meeting may
authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy. Every proxy shall
be signed by the shareholder or his attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be valid
after the expiration of 11 months from the date thereof unless otherwise
provided in the proxy. Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the
shareholder executing it, except as otherwise provided by law. Proxies shall
be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation or, if inspectors are
appointed to act at a meeting, to the inspectors.
 
     SECTION 1.12. Inspectors.  The Board of Directors in advance of any
meeting of shareholders may appoint one or more inspectors to act at the
meeting or any adjournment thereof. If inspectors are not so appointed, the
person presiding at the meeting may, and on the request of any shareholder
entitled to vote thereat shall, appoint one or more inspectors. In case any
person appointed fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by
appointment made by the Board in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by
the person presiding thereat. Each inspector, before entering upon the
discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the
duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to
the best of his ability.
 
     The inspectors shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the
voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of
a quorum and the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes,
ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising
in connection with the right
 
                                     II-3
<PAGE>
 
to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, determine the
result and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with
fairness to all shareholders. On request of the person presiding at the
meeting or any shareholder entitled to vote thereat, the inspectors shall make
a report in writing of any challenge, question or matter determined by them
and execute a certificate of any fact found by them.
 
     SECTION 1.13. Voting.  Whenever directors are to be elected by the
shareholders, they shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a
meeting of shareholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the
election. Whenever any corporate action other than the election of directors
is to be taken by vote of the shareholders, it shall, except as otherwise
required by law, be authorized by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of
shareholders by the holder of shares entitled to vote thereon.
 
     Except as otherwise may be provided in the certificate of incorporation
of the Corporation, every shareholder of record shall be entitled at every
meeting of shareholders to one vote for every share standing in his name on
the record of shareholders. Upon the demand of any shareholder, the vote at
any election of directors or upon any other question shall be by ballot, but
otherwise the method of voting shall be discretionary with the person
presiding at the meeting.
 
     SECTION 1.14. Written Consent of Shareholders Without a
Meeting.  Whenever shareholders are required or permitted to take any action
by vote, such action may be taken without a meeting on written consent setting
forth the action so taken and signed by the holders of all outstanding shares
entitled to vote thereon. The provisions of this Section shall not be
construed to alter or modify any provision of law or of the certificate of
incorporation of the Corporation under which the written consent of the
holders of less than all outstanding shares is sufficient for corporate
action.
 
                                  ARTICLE II
 
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
     SECTION 2.01. Number and Qualification of Directors.  The business of the
Corporation shall be managed under the direction of a Board of Directors,
consisting of such number of directors, not less than nine, as shall be fixed
from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board or
at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders entitled to vote for the
election of directors; provided that no decrease in the number of directors
shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Each director shall be at
least 18 years of age. No person shall be eligible for election or qualified
to remain in office as a director who shall have attained the age of 72 years,
and any director in office shall retire as such upon attaining the age of 72
years.
 
     SECTION 2.02. Classification and Term of Directors.  The directors shall
be elected for terms of three years and shall be divided into three classes,
as nearly equal in number as possible, with the terms of office of one class
expiring each year on the date of the annual meeting of shareholders. At each
annual meeting of shareholders, directors to replace those whose terms expire
at such annual meeting shall be elected to hold office until the third
succeeding annual meeting thereafter, but each director, of whatever class,
shall hold office until a successor shall have been elected and qualify. Any
increase or decrease in the number of directors shall be so apportioned among
the classes as to make all classes as nearly equal in number as possible. When
the number of directors is increased by the Board and any newly created
directorships are filled by the Board, there shall be no classification of the
additional directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders.
 
     SECTION 2.03. Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.  Newly created
directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and
vacancies occurring in the Board for any reason may be filled either by vote
of the shareholders or by vote of a majority of the directors then in office,
although less than a quorum exists. A director elected to fill a vacancy, or
to fill a newly created directorship, shall be elected to hold office until
the next meeting of shareholders at which the election of directors is in the
regular order of business, and until a successor has been elected and
qualified.
 
                                     II-4
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 2.04. Resignations.  Any director may resign from office at any
time by delivering a resignation in writing to the Chairman of the Board, the
President, a Vice Chairman of the Board or the Secretary of the Corporation,
and the acceptance of such resignation, unless required by the terms thereof,
shall not be necessary to make such resignation effective.
 
     SECTION 2.05. Removal of Directors.  Any director may be removed for
cause either by vote of the shareholders or by a majority of the entire Board.
 
     SECTION 2.06. Meetings.  Meetings of the Board, regular or special, may
be held at any place within or without the State of New York as the Board from
time to time may fix or as shall be specified in the respective notice or
waivers of notice thereof. Within 15 days following each annual meeting of
shareholders for the election of directors, and annual meeting of the Board
for the appointment of officers and the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting shall be held. Such annual meeting of the
Board shall be the regular meeting of the Board next following the annual
meeting of shareholders, unless a special meeting of the Board shall in the
meantime have been duly called and held for such purposes. The Board may fix
times and places for regular meetings of the Board, and no notice of such
meetings need be given. Special meetings of the Board shall be held whenever
called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, a Vice Chairman of the
Board or by at least one-third of the directors at the time in office. Notice
of the time and place of each such meeting shall be given by the Secretary or
by a person calling the meeting to each director by mailing the same not later
than the second day before the meeting or personally or by telegraphing,
cabling or telephoning the same not later than the day before the meeting. A
notice or waiver of notice need not specify the purpose or purposes of any
regular or special meeting of the Board. Notice of a meeting need not be given
to any director who submits a signed waiver of notice whether before or after
the meeting, or who attends the meeting without protesting prior thereto or at
its commencement the lack of notice to him. A majority of the directors
present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn any meeting to
another time and place. Notice of any adjournment of a meeting of the Board
shall be given to the directors who were not present at the time of the
adjournment and, unless such time and place are announced at the meeting, to
the other directors.
 
     SECTION 2.07. Quorum and Voting.  One-third of the entire Board shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business. Except as otherwise
provided by law or by these By-laws, the vote of a majority of the directors
present at a meeting at the time of the vote, if a quorum is present at such
time, shall be the act of the Board.
 
     SECTION 2.08. Written Consents and Meetings by Telephone.  Any action
required or permitted to be taken by the Board or any committee thereof may be
taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or the committee consent
in writing to the adoption of a resolution authorizing the action. The
resolution and the written consents thereto by the members of the Board or
committee shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board or
committee. Any one or more members of the Board or any committee thereof may
participate in a meeting of such Board or committee by means of a conference
telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all persons
participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time.
Participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at a meeting.
 
     SECTION 2.09. Compensation of Directors.  Directors who are not officers
of the Corporation shall be entitled to receive such compensation for services
to the Corporation in their capacities as such or otherwise in such amounts as
may be fixed from time to time by the Board. Nothing herein contained shall be
construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other
capacity and receiving compensation therefor.
 
     SECTION 2.10. Entire Board.  As used in these By-laws, the term "entire
Board" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if
there were no vacancies.
 
                                     II-5
<PAGE>
 
                                 ARTICLE III
 
                                  COMMITTEES
 
     SECTION 3.01. Executive Committee.  The Board, by resolution adopted by a
majority of the entire Board, may appoint an Executive Committee, consisting
of three or more directors including the Chairman of the Board and President,
which shall have all the authority of the Board when the Board is not in
session, except as may be otherwise provided by law or limited by resolution
of the Board. Minutes of each meeting of the Executive Committee shall be kept
and shall be submitted to the first regular meeting of the Board following the
meeting of the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee may adopt its own
rules of procedure and shall fix the time and place, within or without the
State of New York, of its meetings. No notice of any regular meetings of the
Executive Committee shall be required. The Executive Committee shall serve at
the pleasure of the Board.
 
     SECTION 3.02. Other Committees.  The Board, by resolution adopted by a
majority of the entire Board, may designate from among its members one or more
other committees, each consisting of three or more directors, and each of
which, to the extent provided in the resolution, shall have all the authority
of the Board except as otherwise limited by law. The Board may authorize the
Chief Executive Officer to appoint, from time to time, such other committees
consisting of directors, officers, or other persons and having such powers,
duties and functions as the Board may determine. Each such committee and each
member thereof shall serve at the pleasure of the Board, or in the case of any
committee appointed by the Chief Executive Officer, at the pleasure of the
Chief Executive Officer. A majority of the members of any such committee shall
determine its rules of procedure and the time and place of its meetings,
unless the Board, or in the case of any committee appointed by the Chief
Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer, shall otherwise provide.
 
     SECTION 3.03. Quorum and Voting.  A majority of the members of a
committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the
vote of a majority of the members present at the time of the vote, if a quorum
is present at such time, shall be the act of the committee.
 
     SECTION 3.04. Committee Membership.  The Board, or in the case of any
committee appointed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Executive
Officer, may fill any vacancy in a committee and may designate one or more
persons as alternate members of a committee who may replace any absent member
or members at any meeting of such committee.
 
                                  ARTICLE IV
 
                        OFFICERS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES
 
     SECTION 4.01. General Provisions.  The officers of the Corporation shall
include a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Chairmen of the
Board, a Secretary, a Treasurer, one or more Vice Presidents (any one or more
of whom may be designated Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or
by some other special designation), a Comptroller, and an Auditor, and such
other officers, including but not by way of limitation one or more Assistant
Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Comptrollers, as may be
elected or appointed in accordance with the provisions of these By-laws.
 
     The Chairman of the Board, the President, the Vice Chairmen of the Board,
Executive Vice Presidents (each of the foregoing officers being referred to
hereinafter as an "Executive Officer"), one or more other Vice Presidents, the
Secretary, the Treasurer and such other officers, if any, as the Board may
determine, shall be elected by the Board at the annual meeting of the Board
following each annual meeting of shareholders. Each such officer shall hold
office until the next annual election of officers and until a successor is
elected and shall have qualified. Any two or more offices other than the
office of President and Secretary may be held by the same person.
 
     The Board from time to time may appoint the other officers provided for
in these By-laws and such other officers as it shall deem fit. The Chairman of
the Board, or in his absence the President, may appoint such further officers
below the rank of Vice President with such titles and duties as may be
specified upon appointment.
 
                                     II-6
<PAGE>
 
     All officers of the Corporation may be removed or their authority
suspended by the Board, and officers appointed by the Chairman of the Board or
the President may also be removed or their authority suspended by the Chairman
of the Board, or in his absence the President, in any such case, at any time,
with or without cause. Such removal without cause shall be without prejudice
to such person's contract rights, if any, but the appointment of any person as
an officer of the Corporation shall not of itself create contract rights. A
vacancy in any office may be filled in the manner prescribed in these By-laws
for election or appointment to such office.
 
     The compensation of officers shall be fixed by the Board; provided that
this power may be delegated to any officer as to persons under his direction
or control.
 
     All other agents and employees of the Corporation shall be appointed,
their duties prescribed and their compensation fixed, by the Chairman of the
Board or the President, or any officer authorized to do so by either of them.
 
     The Board may require any officer, agent or employee to give security for
the faithful performance of his duties.
 
     SECTION 4.02. Powers and Duties of the Chairman of the Board and the
President.  The Chairman of the Board and the President shall be elected from
among the members of the Board, and one of them shall be designated by the
Board as Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have
general supervision of the business and affairs of the Corporation which shall
in every case be subject to the direction and control of the Board. The
Chairman of the Board, or in his absence the President, shall preside at all
meetings of the shareholders and of the Board.
 
     SECTION 4.03. Duties of Other Officers.  The officers of the Corporation
other than the Chief Executive Officer shall participate in the management of
the business and affairs of the Corporation as directed, and in the order of
seniority as determined, by the Board. They shall perform such duties as may
be assigned to them by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any officer
authorized by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer to do so, or as may be
prescribed by law or by these By-laws.
 
     SECTION 4.04. Secretary.  The Secretary shall keep the minutes of all
meetings of the Board and of the Executive Committee, shall have custody of
the corporate seal, shall give notices of meetings required by these By-laws,
shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him from time to time by
the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and, in general, shall perform those
duties incident to the office of Secretary. In the absence of the Secretary,
an Assistant Secretary shall have the authority to perform the duties of the
Secretary.
 
     SECTION 4.05. Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall have responsibility for the
care and custody of all moneys, funds and other property of the Corporation
which may come into his hands, shall perform such other duties as may be
assigned to him from time to time by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer
and, in general, shall perform those duties incident to the office of
Treasurer. In the absence of the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer shall have
the authority to perform the duties of the Treasurer.
 
     SECTION 4.06. Comptroller.  The Comptroller shall exercise general
supervision over all accounting functions of the Corporation, including
preparation of its required tax returns and reports to supervisory
authorities. He shall be responsible to the Chief Executive Officer and may
report directly to the Board or to the Executive Committee on such matters as
in his judgment should be brought to their attention. In the absence of the
Comptroller, an Assistant Comptroller shall have the authority to perform the
duties of the Comptroller.
 
     SECTION 4.07. Auditor.  The Auditor shall exercise supervision over the
Auditing Department, and he shall review and evaluate all existing controls
and procedures and be responsible for reporting on the adequacy of controls,
systems and protective procedures and devices to insure the accuracy of
records and the safety of assets owned or managed by the Corporation. He shall
be responsible to the Chief Executive Officer and to the Board and shall
report directly to the Board, the Executive Committee or an Audit Committee of
the Board on such matters as in his judgment should be brought to their
attention.
 
                                     II-7
<PAGE>
 
     SECTION 4.08. Delegation of Duties.  In case of the absence of any
officer of the Corporation or for any other reason that the Board of Directors
may deem sufficient, the Board may confer for the time being any of the
authority and duties of such officer upon any other officer or upon any
director.
 
                                  ARTICLE V
 
                               INDEMNIFICATION
 
     The Corporation shall indemnify any person made or threatened to be made
a party to any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, and whether or
not by or in the right of the Corporation or of any other corporation of any
type or kind, domestic or foreign, or any partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other enterprise, by reason of the fact that such
person, his testator or intestate, is or was a director or officer of the
Corporation or served any other corporation of any type or kind, domestic or
foreign, or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or
other enterprise in any capacity at the request of the Corporation, against
judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement and reasonable expenses,
including attorneys' fees, actually and necessarily incurred as a result of
such action or proceeding, or any appeal therein; provided that (a) no
indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any person if a judgment or
other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes that his acts were
committed in bad faith or were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty
and were material to the cause of action so adjudicated, or that he personally
gained in fact a financial profit or other advantage to which he was not
legally entitled, (b) no indemnification shall be required in connection with
the settlement of any pending or threatened action or proceeding, or any other
disposition thereof except a final adjudication, unless the Corporation has
consented to such settlement or other disposition and (c) the Corporation
shall not be obligated to indemnify any person by reason of the adoption of
this Article V if and to the extent such person is entitled to be indemnified
under a policy of insurance as such policy would apply in the absence of the
adoption of this Article V.
 
     Reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred in defending any
action or proceeding, whether threatened or pending, shall be paid or
reimbursed by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition thereof upon
receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person seeking
indemnification to repay such amount to the Corporation to the extent, if any,
such person is ultimately found not to be entitled to indemnification.
 
     Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, no repeal of this Article V,
or amendment hereof or any other corporate action or agreement which prohibits
or otherwise limits the right of any person to indemnification or advancement
or reimbursement of expenses hereunder, shall be effective as to any person
until the 60th day following notice to such person of such action, and no such
repeal or amendment or other corporate action or agreement shall deprive any
person of any right hereunder arising out of any alleged or actual act or
omission occurring prior to such 60th day.
 
     The Corporation is hereby authorized, but shall not be required, to enter
into agreements with any of its directors, officers or employees providing for
rights to indemnification and advancement and reimbursement of reasonable
expenses, including attorneys' fees, to the extent permitted by law, but the
Corporation's failure to do so shall not in any manner affect or limit the
rights provided for by this Article V or otherwise.
 
     For purposes of this Article V, the term "Corporation" shall include any
legal successor to the Corporation, including any corporation which acquires
all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation in one or more
transactions. For purposes of this Article V, the Corporation shall be deemed
to have requested a person to serve an employee benefit plan where the
performance by such person of his duties to the Corporation or any subsidiary
thereof also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, such person
to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan, and excise taxes
assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to
applicable law shall be considered fines.
 
     The rights granted pursuant to or provided by the foregoing provisions of
this Article V shall be in addition to and shall not be exclusive of any other
rights to indemnification and expenses to which any person may otherwise be
entitled under any statute, rule, regulation, certificate of incorporation,
bylaw, agreement or otherwise.
 
                                     II-8
<PAGE>
 
                                  ARTICLE VI
 
                          SHARES OF THE CORPORATION
 
     SECTION 6.01. Certificates for Shares.  The shares of the Corporation
shall be represented by certificates in such form as shall be determined by
the Board of Directors, signed by the Chairman of the Board, the President, a
Vice Chairman of the Board or a Vice President and the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary or the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurers of the
Corporation. Such certificates shall be sealed with the seal of the
Corporation or a facsimile thereof and shall contain such information as is
required by law to be stated thereon. The signatures of the officers upon a
certificate may be facsimiles if the certificate is countersigned by a
transfer agent or registered by a registrar other than the Corporation itself
or its employee. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such
officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation
with the same effect as if he were such officer at the time of issue. All
certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified. All certificates exchanged or surrendered to the Corporation for
transfer shall be canceled.
 
     SECTION 6.02. Record of Shareholders.  The Corporation shall keep at the
office of the Corporation in the State of New York a record containing the
names and addresses of all shareholders, the number and class of shares held
by each and the dates when they respectively became the owners of record
thereof. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the persons in whose names
shares stand on the record of shareholders as the owners thereof for all
purposes.
 
     SECTION 6.03. Transfer of Shares.  Transfers of shares on the record of
shareholders of the Corporation shall be made only upon surrender to the
Corporation of the certificate or certificates for such shares, duly endorsed
or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to
transfer.
 
     SECTION 6.04. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  The Board of
Directors, in its discretion, may require the owner (or his legal
representatives) of any certificate representing shares of the Corporation
alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed to give the Corporation a bond
in such sum as the Board may direct sufficient to indemnify the Corporation
against any liability or expense which it may incur by reason of the original
certificate remaining outstanding, as a condition of the issuance of a new
certificate for shares in the place of any certificate alleged to have been
lost, stolen or destroyed. Proper and legal evidence of such loss, theft or
destruction shall be procured for the Board if required. The Board in its
discretion may refuse to issue such new certificate save upon the order of a
court having jurisdiction in such matters.
 
                                 ARTICLE VII
 
                                     SEAL
 
     The Board shall provide a seal for the Corporation which the Corporation
may use by causing it or a facsimile to be affixed or impressed or reproduced
in any other manner. Any officer of the Corporation shall have the power to
use and attest the corporate seal.
 
                                 ARTICLE VIII
 
                       CONTRACTS, CHECKS, DRAFTS, ETC.
 
     SECTION 8.01. Contracts, Etc.  Except as otherwise provided in these
By-laws or by law, all checks, orders, contracts, leases, notes, drafts and
other documents and instruments in connection with the business of the
Corporation may be signed by any Executive Officer of the Corporation or by
such other officer, employee or agent thereunto authorized by resolution of
the Board of Directors, or in writing by the Chief Executive Officer, or by an
officer or officers designated by him subject to such restrictions as the
Chief Executive Officer shall prescribe.
 
     SECTION 8.02. Auditor.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Auditor shall
have no power to sign checks, vouchers, agreements or other documents or
instruments on behalf of the Corporation, except that the
 
                                     II-9
<PAGE>
 
Auditor is authorized to certify in the name of, or on behalf of, the
Corporation, in its own right or in a fiduciary or representative capacity, as
to the accuracy and completeness of any account, schedule of assets, or other
document, instrument or paper requiring such certification and to sign in the
name of, or behalf of, the Corporation reports and responses to any regulatory
authority.
 
                                  ARTICLE IX
 
                                 FISCAL YEAR
 
     The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year.
 
                                  ARTICLE X
 
                                  AMENDMENTS
 
     These By-laws may be amended or repealed and new By-laws may be adopted
(a) by vote of the holders of the shares at the time entitled to vote in the
election of directors at any annual meeting of the shareholders or at any
special meeting of the shareholders called for that purpose, or (b) by the
Board of Directors at any meeting of the Board, except in the case of any
particular provision at any time adopted by the shareholders and specified as
not subject to amendment or repeal by the Board. If any By-law regulating an
impending election of directors is adopted, amended or repealed by the Board,
there shall be set forth in the notice of the next meeting of shareholders for
the election of directors the By-law so adopted, amended or repealed, together
with a concise statement of the changes made.
 
                                     II-10
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                             EXHIBIT 99.2

                PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     The following unaudited pro forma condensed statement of condition as
of December 31, 1994, unaudited pro forma condensed statement of income for
the year ended December 31, 1994 and unaudited pro forma condensed
statement of average balances for the year ended December 31, 1994
(collectively, the "Pro Forma Statements"), were prepared to present the
estimated effects of the pending Disposition and Merger transaction with
The Chase Manhattan Corporation, the related restructuring transactions and
the effect of the Services Agreement as if such transactions had occurred
for statement of condition purposes as of December 31, 1994 and for
statement of income purposes as of January 1, 1994.

     The "Disposition Adjustments" column in each of the Pro Forma 
Statements includes the following:

     the reduction in assets and liabilities and the elimination from
     operations of the revenue and expenses related to the merger of the
     Chase Acquired Business, and

     the reduction in Securities and Short-Term Investments and Short-Term
     Borrowings arising from the Corporation's rebalancing of its asset and
     liability structure.

     The "Other Adjustments" column in each of the Pro Forma Statements
includes the following:

     the balance sheet impact of the nonrecurring adjustments as set forth
     in footnote (k) of the Notes to Pro Forma Condensed Financial
     Statements, and

     the ongoing impact on the Corporation's results of operations arising
     from the nonrecurring adjustments and the Services Agreement including
     the nonrecurring adjustments that have been incurred during the fourth
     quarter.

     All of the pro forma adjustments are based upon available information
and upon certain assumptions that the Corporation believes are appropriate
and include only "exit costs" as defined in Emerging Issues Task Force
Issue 94-3 ("EITF 94-3") that are directly related to the transactions. 
The information is not intended to be indicative of the Corporation's
actual results had the transactions occurred as of the dates indicated
above nor do they purport to indicate results which may be attained in the
future.

     The Pro Forma Statements and accompanying notes should be read in
conjunction with the historical financial statements and other financial
information relating to the Corporation.  For financial reporting purposes,
the Company will be a "successor registrant" to the Corporation and, as a
result, the historical information set forth in the Pro Forma Statements is
the historical information of the Corporation.

                                   -1-
<PAGE>
     The Distribution will be accounted for by the Company as if the
Corporation had continued in existence, with the carrying amounts of the
assets and liabilities being distributed being accounted for in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles at their historical values.




















































                                   -2-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONDITION
                           December 31, 1994
                         (Dollars In Thousands)
                              (UNAUDITED)

                                                                     Corporation
                                                     Disposition     Before Other       Other        Corporation
                                      Historical     Adjustments(a)  Adjustments     Adjustments      Pro Forma (l)
                                      ----------     -----------     ------------    -----------     -----------
<S>                                   <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>       
ASSETS
Cash and Cash Equivalents...........  $  186,134     $ (49,481)       $  136,653     $(37,132) (b)    $   99,521
Securities..........................   1,153,526      (460,149)          693,377         -               693,377
Net Loans, After Allowance for
  Credit Losses.....................   1,612,199      (170,310)        1,441,889         -             1,441,889
Other Assets........................     271,352       (59,389)          211,963       42,924  (c)       254,887
                                      ----------     ---------        ----------     --------         ----------
Total Assets........................  $3,223,211     $(739,329)       $2,483,882     $  5,792         $2,489,674
                                      ==========     =========        ==========     ========         ==========

LIABILITIES
Deposits............................  $2,440,371     $(521,830)       $1,918,541     $   -            $1,918,541
Short-Term Borrowings...............     350,515      (200,000)          150,515       41,412  (d)       191,927
Accounts Payable and
  Accrued Liabilities...............     148,078       (17,499)          130,579       62,205  (e)       192,784
Long-Term Debt......................      60,924          -               60,924      (40,753) (f)        20,171
                                      ----------     ---------        ----------     --------         ----------
Total Liabilities...................   2,999,888      (739,329)        2,260,559       62,864          2,323,423
                                      ----------     ---------        ----------     --------         ----------

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Common Stock - $1.00 Par Value......      11,581          -               11,581       (1,909) (g)         9,672
Capital Surplus.....................      72,605          -               72,605      (72,605) (h)
Retained Earnings...................     244,639          -              244,639      (68,697) (i)       175,942
Treasury Stock at Cost..............     (86,139)         -              (86,139)      86,139  (j)
Loan to ESOP........................     (16,171)         -              (16,171)        -               (16,171)
Unrealized Gain (Loss), Net of Taxes,
  on Securities Available for Sale...     (3,192)         -               (3,192)        -                (3,192)
                                      ----------     ---------        ------------   --------         ----------
Total Stockholders' Equity..........     223,323          -              223,323      (57,072)           166,251
                                      ----------     ---------        ----------     --------         ----------
Total Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity..............  $3,223,211     $(739,329)       $2,483,882     $  5,792         $2,489,674
                                      ==========     =========        ==========     ========         ==========

CAPITAL RATIOS
As a Percentage of Risk-Adjusted
  Period End Total Assets:
    Tier 1 Capital..................      13.52%                                                          11.08%
    Total Capital...................      14.79                                                           12.13
Tier 1 Leverage.....................       5.68                                                            6.15
</TABLE>

                                   -3-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME
                      Year Ended December 31, 1994
            (Dollars In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)
                              (UNAUDITED)

                                                               Reversal of
                                                               Back Office   Corporation
                                              Disposition      & Corporate   Before Other       Other          Corporation
                                 Historical   Adjustments (l)   Staff (m)     Adjustments   Adjustments       Pro Forma (k)
                                -----------   --------------   -----------   ------------   -----------       ------------
<S>                              <C>            <C>              <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>
Net Interest Income............  $  108,112     $ (42,133)       $   -         $ 65,979       $   -             $ 65,979
Provision for Credit Losses....       2,000          -               -            2,000           -                2,000
                                 ----------     ---------        --------      --------       --------          --------
Net Interest Income After
  Provision for Credit Losses..     106,112       (42,133)           -           63,979           -               63,979
Fees...........................     295,565      (102,704)           -          192,861           -              192,861
Securities Gains (Losses), net.     (42,118)         -               -          (42,118)        44,172  (k)        2,054
Other Income...................      16,748        (5,447)           -           11,301         (1,966) (n)        9,335
                                 ----------     ---------        --------      --------       --------          --------
Total Revenue..................     376,307      (150,284)           -          226,023         42,206           268,229
                                 ----------     ---------        --------      --------       --------          --------
Operating Expenses
Salaries and Benefits..........     207,483       (72,798)         24,691       159,376        (31,696) (o)      127,680
Net Occupancy..................      40,030       (10,616)          4,659        34,073         (4,763) (o)       29,310
Other..........................      94,422       (30,190)         17,236        81,468        (18,537) (o,k)     62,931
                                 ----------     ---------        --------      --------       --------          --------
Total Operating Expenses.......     341,935      (113,604)         46,586       274,917        (54,996)          219,921
                                 ----------     ---------        --------      --------       --------          --------
Income Before Income Tax
  Expense......................      34,372       (36,680)        (46,586)      (48,894)       (97,202)           48,308
Income Tax Expense (p).........      13,405       (16,506)        (20,964)      (24,065)        43,291            19,226
                                 ----------     ---------        --------      --------       --------          --------
Net Income.....................  $   20,967     $ (20,174)       $(25,622)     $(24,829)      $ 53,911          $ 29,082
                                 ==========     =========        ========      ========       ========          ========

Net Income Per Share: (q)
  Fully Diluted................  $    2.12                                                                    $     2.83
                                 =========                                                                    ==========

Average Shares Outstanding:
  Fully Diluted................  10,019,592                                                                   10,400,000
                                 ==========                                                                   ==========
</TABLE>



                                   -4-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
           PRO FORMA CONDENSED STATEMENT OF AVERAGE BALANCES
                 For the Year Ended December 31, 1994
                             (In Thousands)
                              (UNAUDITED)

                                                     Disposition Adjustments
                                                    ------------------------- 
                                                      Chase          Asset-     
                                                     Acquired       Liability        Other         Corporation
                                      Historical     Business      Rebalancing    Adjustments (s)  Pro Forma
                                      ----------    -----------    -----------    -----------      ----------- 
<S>                                   <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>       
ASSETS
Cash and Cash Equivalents...........  $  404,181    $  (140,204)   $    -          $(37,132)       $  226,845
Securities and Short-Term
  Investments.......................   1,824,774       (776,093)    (425,000)          -              623,681
Net Loans, After Allowance for
  Credit Losses.....................   1,293,807           -            -              -            1,293,807
Other Assets........................     465,752       (178,083)(r)     -            42,924           330,593
                                      ----------    -----------    ---------       --------        ----------

Total Assets........................  $3,988,514    $(1,094,380)   $(425,000)      $  5,792        $2,474,926
                                      ----------    -----------    ---------       --------        ----------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
  EQUITY
Deposits............................  $2,938,579    $(1,066,035)   $    -          $   -           $1,872,544
Short-Term Borrowings...............     595,994           -        (425,000)        41,412           212,406
Accounts Payable and
  Accrued Liabilities...............     164,443        (28,345)        -            62,205           198,303
Long-Term Debt......................      62,513           -            -           (40,753)           21,760
                                      ----------    -----------    ---------       --------        ----------

Total Liabilities...................  $3,761,529    $(1,094,380)   $(425,000)      $ 62,864        $2,305,013
                                      ----------    -----------    ---------       --------        ----------

Stockholders' Equity................     226,985           -            -           (57,072)          169,913
                                      ----------    -----------    ---------       --------        ----------

Total Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity..............  $3,988,514    $(1,094,380)   $(425,000)      $  5,792        $2,474,926
                                      ==========    ===========    =========       ========        ==========
</TABLE>







                                   -5-
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
           NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     (a) Disposition Adjustments (Pro Forma Condensed Statement of
Condition) -- The Disposition Adjustments presented in the Pro Forma
Condensed Statement of Condition reflect the disposition of the Chase
Acquired Business.  The rebalancing of the Corporation's overall asset and
liability structure as a result of the pending Merger and Disposition
transaction and related restructuring has already been substantially
reflected in the historical condensed statement of condition.  The Pro
Forma Condensed Statement of Average Balances presents the Corporation's
daily average balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 1994 adjusted
for the pending Disposition and Merger, including the rebalancing of the
Corporation's asset and liability structure and the Other Adjustments.

     During the year ended December 31, 1994, the Chase Acquired Business
generated average non-interest bearing deposits of approximately $1,066
million.  Investable Deposits, defined as total average non-interest
bearing deposits less average cash items in the process of collection and
average overdrafts, were approximately $776 million during the year ended
December 31, 1994.  The predictability of the Investable Deposits provided
the Corporation with a long- and medium-term funding source.  The
Corporation employed a substantial portion of the Investable Deposits to
finance its long-term financial assets.  Following the execution of the
Merger Agreement, the Investable Deposits ceased to be a long-term source
of financing available to the Corporation since they would be included in
the Chase Acquired Business.  Accordingly, in anticipation of the closing
of the Merger and the effective transfer of the Chase Acquired Business to
Chase, the Corporation sold approximately $800 million of long- and medium
term U.S. Government Treasury Securities ("Treasury Securities") and Agency
Securities.  The proceeds of such sale will be included in the Chase
Acquired Business.  (See note (l)).

     (b) Cash and Cash Equivalents -- Cash and Cash Equivalents at December
31, 1994, include approximately $82.6 million of interest earning deposits
with banks.  The $37.1 million adjustment is comprised of the estimated
payments of investment banking, legal, accounting, consulting and printing
professional fees ($6,000,000 -- determined based upon actual invoices and
estimates supplied by the various vendors), the estimated amount of
payments necessary to cash-out holders of outstanding stock options
($39,045,000), and the estimated amount of cash to be received from the
exercise of certain incentive stock options ($7,913,000 -- assumes the
exercise of approximately 220,000 incentive stock options at an average
exercise price of approximately $36.00 per option).

     (c) Other Assets -- The $42.9 million increase in Other Assets
reflects (i) certain tax benefits resulting from the Disposition
Adjustments and the Other Adjustments ($51,246,000) and (ii) the write-off
of the net book value of premises and equipment ($3,798,000) and computer
software ($4,524,000) related to the termination of various leases.



                                   -6-
<PAGE>
     (d) Short-Term Borrowings -- The $41.4 million increase in short-term
borrowings reflects the borrowings required to replace accrued interest and
long-term debt (see notes (e) and (f)).

     (e) Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities -- The $62.2 million
increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities includes estimated
severance costs ($21,100,000), the estimated present value (discounted at
8%) of the cost of terminating leases at discontinued locations
($8,202,000), the estimated cost of terminating computer hardware leases,
software licenses and contracts ($28,462,000), the estimated cost of
terminating certain incentive compensation plans ($5,100,000) and an amount
to record the reversal in accrued interest payable related to the
redemption and satisfaction and discharge of certain issues of long-term
debt ($659,000).  The estimated severance costs consist of $12,700,000 of
cash severance payments and the impact of curtailment gains, enhanced
 pension credits and cost of living adjustments with respect to the
Corporation's defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans for
specifically identified employees and $8,400,000 of payments of transition
bonuses to certain of the Corporation's employees associated with the Chase
Acquired Business.

     (f) Long-Term Debt -- The $40.8 million reduction in long-term debt
reflects the redemption of the Trust Company's 8 1/2% Capital Notes Due 2001
and the satisfaction and discharge of the Corporation's 8% Notes Due 1996. 
The cost of redeeming and defeasing this long-term debt is insignificant to
the Corporation's pro forma results of operations.

     (g) Common Stock -- The $1,909,000 decrease in the Corporation's
Common Stock reflects the retirement of treasury stock ($2,129,000) offset
by the aggregate par value amount of the shares to be issued pursuant to
the exercise of an estimated 220,000 incentive stock options at an
estimated average exercise price of $36.00 per share ($220,000).

     (h) Capital Surplus -- The $72.6 million adjustment reflects the
retirement of treasury stock ($80,298,000) offset, in part, by the amount
of cash proceeds in excess of the par value received in connection with the
expected exercise of 220,000 incentive stock options ($7,693,000).

     (i) Retained Earnings -- The $68.7 million adjustment reflects the
after-tax impact of the nonrecurring adjustments presented in note (k)
below ($64,985,000) and the amount by which the book value of treasury
stock retired exceeds capital surplus ($3,712,000).

     (j) Treasury Stock at Cost -- The adjustment of $86.1 million reflects
the retirement of treasury stock.






                                   -7-
<PAGE>
     (k) The Pro Forma Statement of Income excludes the following material
nonrecurring adjustments directly related to the transaction which are
expected to be incurred prior to or as a result of the consummation of the
Merger.  However, the Pro Forma Statement of Income does include the effect
of such adjustments on the operations of the Company.  The Merger is
expected to occur within the next twelve months.
<TABLE>
                                                                 (Millions)
                                                                 ----------
<S>                                                                <C>    
Severance, post-retirement benefits and related
  costs (see note (e))                                             $ 21.1
Professional fees (see note (b))                                      6.0
Cost of terminating leases for premises
 (see notes (c) and (e))                                             12.0
Cost of terminating computer hardware leases,
 computer software licenses, contracts and
 capitalized software (see notes (c) and (e))                        33.0
Cost of incentive compensation plans that are
 being terminated (see note (e))                                      5.1
Payout for stock options (see note (b))                              39.0
                                                                   ------
                                                                    116.2
Applicable tax benefits                                              51.2
                                                                   ------
Total                                                              $ 65.0
                                                                   ======
</TABLE>
     In addition to the costs enumerated in the preceding table, the
Corporation has already incurred and reflected in its historical statement
of income for the year ended December 31, 1994, the following charges.
<TABLE>
                                                                 (Millions)
                                                                 ----------
<S>                                                                <C>   
Loss on sale of securities                                         $ 44.2
Professional fees                                                     6.0
                                                                   ------
                                                                     50.2
Applicable tax benefits                                              22.3
                                                                   ------
Total                                                              $ 27.9
                                                                   ======
</TABLE>
     These charges are eliminated in the Other Adjustments columns so that
the Company Pro Forma results excludes the one-time nonrecurring effect of
these charges.

     In conjunction with the announcement of the Distribution and the
Merger, the Company disclosed that it may incur up to $110 million of
restructuring charges on an after-tax basis in connection with the
Distribution and the Merger.  The difference between the $110 million and
the charges described above represents charges that do not presently meet
the definition of "exit costs" as defined by EITF 94-3.





                                   -8-
<PAGE>
     While the amounts set forth above represent the Corporation's best
estimate of the restructuring costs that will be incurred, the ultimate
level of such charges will not be precisely determinable until the Closing
Date.

     The cost of terminating computer hardware leases takes into
consideration the estimated residual value of the equipment when it is
returned to the lessor.  Such residual values could be severely impacted
and the cost of terminating the leases increased if the manufacturer
releases upgraded versions of the equipment prior to the lease termination
date.

     The Corporation continues to review its staffing requirements.  This
review will be completed by the Closing Date and may result in lower
staffing levels.  Accordingly, the cost of severance and related benefits
may range from the above listed $21.1 million to approximately
$24.0 million.

     The payout for stock options is based upon various assumptions,
including the Determined Value (as defined under "Effect of Transactions on
UST Employees and UST Benefit Plans - Retained Plans" in the Proxy
Statement-Prospectus incorporated by reference herein, filed as Exhibit
99.1 to this Form 10-K) of the shares of the Corporation's common stock,
the number of stock options that are outstanding as of the Closing Date and
the average exercise price of such outstanding options.  As a result, the
actual amount of the cash payment to be made in respect of stock options
will not be determinable until the Closing Date.

     In a similar manner, the other exit costs listed above are subject to
change based upon events and circumstances that will not be finalized until
the consummation of the transaction.

     Pursuant to the Post Closing Covenants Agreement, the Corporation has
agreed to maintain a minimum net worth for four years following the
Distribution.  See "The Distribution -- Terms of the Post Closing Covenants
Agreement -- Minimum Net Worth" included in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K,
incorporated herein by reference.  The Corporation believes that its
initial annual dividend will be $1.00 per share.  See "Special Factors -- 
Dividends and Dividend Policy" included in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K,
incorporated herein by reference.

     (l) Disposition Adjustments (Pro Forma Condensed Statement of Income)
- -- The Disposition Adjustments reflect the disposition of the Chase
Acquired Business pursuant to the Disposition and Merger.  The Disposition
Adjustments include the revenues and expenses of the Chase Acquired
Business as allocated in accordance with the methodologies utilized by the
Corporation's internal management reporting system.  The amount of net
interest income is based upon the average Investable Deposits multiplied by
an internally calculated interest rate.  The rate is based upon the rates
earned by the Corporation's long- and short-term securities.  The blended
rate was 5.43% for the year ended December 31, 1994.

                                   -9-
<PAGE>
     While the average Investable Deposits for the year ended December 31,
1994 were approximately $776 million for the Chase Acquired Business, the
Investable Deposits generated by the Chase Acquired Business are subject to
seasonal fluctuation.  Historically, these Investable Deposits are higher
in the first and third quarters than in the second and fourth quarters. 
The Average Investable Deposits for the first and third quarters of 1994
were $1,119 million and $833 million, respectively.  The Investable
Deposits for the second and fourth quarters of 1994 were $555 million and
$602 million, respectively.  As a result of the Investable Deposits'
seasonality, the Chase Acquired Business' relative contribution of net
interest income to the Corporation is significantly greater during the
first and third quarters than in the second and fourth quarters.  The
disposition of the Chase Acquired Business substantially eliminates the
seasonal fluctuations in the Corporation's net interest income.

     Fees and Other Income represent amounts earned by the Chase Acquired
Business.  In addition, fees earned by the Corporation's asset management
business from customers of the Chase Acquired Business are included in Fees
and Other Income, which fees are expected to be earned by Chase following
the Disposition and Merger.  Expenses reflect direct costs incurred and
allocations of other costs in accordance with the Corporation's internal
management reporting system.

     (m) Back Office and Corporate Staff -- The $46.6 million of back
office and corporate staff charges for the year ended December 31, 1994,
are derived from the Corporation's internal management accounting system
and represent the amounts allocated to the Chase Acquired Business for
services provided.  Back office support costs include securities processing
and custody, check clearance and computer services processing and support
services while the corporate staff cost allocations include financial,
personnel, legal and general services support functions.  Such back office
support and corporate staff costs have been added to the expenses of the
Corporation Before Other Adjustments because such costs were not eliminated
in connection with the disposition of the Chase Acquired Business.  The
estimated downsizing of the corporate staff and the impact of the Services
Agreement are reflected in the Other Adjustments.

     (n) Other Income -- The $2.0 million adjustment reflects the
elimination of certain revenues generated from computer processing
activities conducted for third parties which will no longer be provided
following the Disposition and Merger.

     (o) Salaries and Benefits, Net Occupancy and Other Expenses -- 
Reflects the reduction of personnel, net occupancy costs and other
expenses, as indicated, resulting from the Disposition and Merger, the
downsizing of the Corporation's corporate staff and the Services Agreement.

     (p) Income Taxes -- Income taxes reflected in the Pro Forma Statements
of Income are recorded at the statutory Federal tax rate of 35%, adjusted
for the impact of state and local taxes and nondeductible items.  The
resulting effective tax rate for the Corporation was approximately 40%.

                                   -10-
<PAGE>
     Taxes have been calculated on the "Other Adjustments" in the Pro Forma
Statement of Condition at the statutory Federal tax rate of 35%, adjusted
for state and local taxes and nondeductible items.  The resulting effective
tax rate was approximately 45%.  The Corporation anticipates realizing
these tax benefits in the periods in which the adjustments are reported in
the Corporation's tax returns.

     (q) Pro Forma Net Income Per Share -- Net income per share has been
calculated on a basis consistent with the Corporation's past practices and
was determined by dividing "Net Income -- Corporation Pro Forma" by the
estimated fully diluted average shares outstanding for the period. 
Estimated fully diluted average shares outstanding include the actual
average shares outstanding of 9,381,033, the assumed exercise of
approximately 220,000 stock options and the dilutive effects of
approximately 800,000 phantom shares granted under the Corporation's
variable stock award plans.  Dividends paid on phantom shares have been
added back to net income on an after-tax basis for this calculation.  The
primary and fully diluted net income per share amounts are the same.

     (r) For the purposes of determining the Pro Forma Condensed Statement
of Average Balances, the Chase Acquired Business average overdrafts are
included in Other Assets.

     (s) For the purposes of determining the Pro Forma Condensed Statement
of Average Balances, all Other Adjustments are assumed to have occurred as
of January 1, 1994.
























                                   -11-
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
