-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 ko+4Q78LFNanmXivuOJp36JwYWtW7ms2NiS6lfxgJoqvuAdFSKtr0jRPDaiN0CIh
 N6qE86iG3wsyqlx7QT36SQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000891554-94-000037.txt : 19940404
<IMS-HEADER>0000891554-94-000037.hdr.sgml : 19940404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891554-94-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRUMPS CASTLE FUNDING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000770618
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	7990
		IRS NUMBER:				112739201
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09029
		FILM NUMBER:		94519518

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BRIGANTINE BLVD & HURON AVE
		CITY:			ATLANTIC CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6094418640
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>




                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

      (X) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED) For the Fiscal Year Ended
                               December 31, 1993

                                       OR

            ( ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
             THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)
                      For the transition period from __ to __

                           Commission File No. 1-9029

                         TRUMP'S CASTLE FUNDING, INC.
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

         New Jersey                                   11-2739203
- -------------------------------            -------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer Identification
incorporation or organization)                          Number)

Huron Avenue and Brigantine Boulevard
Atlantic City, New Jersey                                08401
- -------------------------------------                 ----------
(Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:      (609) 441-8640

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                Name of each Exchange
Title of Each Class                              on which Registered
- -------------------                             --------------------- 
11 3/4% Mortgage Notes due 2003              American Stock Exchange, Inc.

Increasing Rate Subordinated Pay-in-Kind     American Stock Exchange, Inc.
Notes due 2005

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None


         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all Reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
Registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes   X                 No         
   ---------              ---------

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,
to the best of  registrants'  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information

<PAGE>

statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part  III of this  Form  10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. ( X )

         The aggregate market value of the voting stock of Trump Castle Funding,
Inc. held by non-affiliates of the Registrant is $0.

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants have filed all documents
and reports  required  to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the  distribution of securities  under a plan
confirmed by a court. Yes X No _

         As of March 25, 1993, there were 200 shares of the Registrant's  Common
Stock outstanding.

         Documents Incorporated by Reference -- Not applicable.


<PAGE>


                                   FORM 10-K


                               TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Item                                                                                                                   Page

PART I

<S>                       <C>                                                                                          <C>
Item 1           Business............................................................................................... 1
Item 2           Properties of the Partnership..........................................................................21
Item 3           Legal Proceedings......................................................................................23
Item 4           Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders....................................................24

PART II

Item 5           Market for Funding's Common Equity and Related
                  Stockholder Matters...................................................................................25
Item 6           Selected Consolidated Financial Data...................................................................25
Item 7           Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                  Condition and Results of Operations...................................................................28
Item 8           Financial Statements and Supplementary Data............................................................32
Item 9           Disagreements on Accounting and Financial
                  Disclosure............................................................................................32

PART III

Item 10          Directors and Executive Officers ......................................................................33
Item 11          Executive Compensation.................................................................................37
Item 12          Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
                  and Management........................................................................................40
Item 13          Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.........................................................41

PART IV

Item 14          Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and
                  Reports on Form 8-K...................................................................................44

</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                                     PART I


ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.

(a)  General Developments of Business

         Trump's Castle Funding,  Inc.  ("Funding") was  incorporated  under the
laws of the  State of New  Jersey  in May 1985 and is  wholly-owned  by  Trump's
Castle Associates, a New Jersey general partnership (the "Partnership"). Funding
was formed to serve as a financing corporation to raise funds for the benefit of
the  Partnership.  Since  Funding  has no  business  operations,  its ability to
service its indebtedness is completely dependent upon funds it receives from the
Partnership.   Accordingly,   the  discussion   herein   concentrates  upon  the
Partnership and its operations.

         The  Partnership  is owner and operator of Trump's Castle Casino Resort
("Trump's Castle"), a luxury casino hotel located in the Marina area of Atlantic
City, New Jersey.  The partners in the  Partnership are TC/GP,  Inc.  ("TC/GP"),
which has a 37.5% interest in the Partnership,  Donald J. Trump  ("Trump"),  who
has a 61.5% interest in the Partnership, and Trump's Castle Hotel & Casino, Inc.
("TCHI"),  which has a 1% interest in the  Partnership.  Trump, by virtue of his
ownership  of TC/GP  and TCHI,  is the  beneficial  owner of 100% of the  common
equity  interest in the  Partnership,  subject to the right of the plaintiffs in
certain  litigation  to be issued  warrants  for the  common  stock of TCHI (the
"Litigation Warrants")  representing the right to acquire an indirect beneficial
interest in 0.5% of the common equity  interest in the  Partnership.  See "LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS" below.

         In December  1993,  the  Partnership,  Funding  and certain  affiliated
entities  completed a recapitalization  of their debt and equity  capitalization
(the "Recapitalization"). The purpose of the Recapitalization was (i) to improve
the debt capitalization of the Partnership and, initially,  to decrease its cash
charges, (ii) to provide the holders of the Units, each Unit comprised of $1,000
principal amount of Funding's 9.5% Mortgage Bonds due 1998 (the "Bonds") and one
share of TC/GP common stock,  who  participate in the Exchange Offer (as defined
below) with a cash payment of $6.19 and securities  having a combined  principal
amount  of $905  for each  Unit  and  (iii) to  provide  Trump  with  beneficial
ownership of 100% of the common equity interests in the Partnership  (subject to
the Litigation Warrants).

         The  Recapitalization  was also  designed to take  advantage of certain
provisions of the Units which were designed to provide Trump with  incentives to
cause the  Units to be repaid or  redeemed  prior to  maturity.  The Units  were
issued  in  connection  with  a  restructuring  ("the   Restructuring")  of  the
indebtedness of Funding,  the Partnership and TCHI through a prepackaged plan of
reorganization  (the "Plan")  under  chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States
Code, as amended,  which was  consummated on May 29, 1992. The Plan was designed
to alleviate a liquidity  problem which the  Partnership  began to experience in
1990.

The Recapitalization

         On December 28, 1993, the Partnership and Funding consummated the first
step in the Recapitalization,  an exchange offer (the "Exchange Offer") pursuant
to which  each  $1,000  principal  amount of Bonds  accepted  for  exchange  was
exchanged for $750 principal amount of Funding's 11-3/4% Mortgage Notes due 2003


<PAGE>


(the "Mortgage  Notes"),  $120  principal  amount of Funding's  Increasing  Rate
Subordinated  Pay-in-Kind Notes due 2005 (the "PIK Notes") and a cash payment of
$6.19,  plus  accrued  interest to the date of  exchange.  The 3.8% of Bonds not
validly  tendered in the  Exchange  Offer were  defeased,  and pursuant to their
terms,  called for  redemption at a price equal to 75% of the  principal  amount
thereof, plus accrued interest to the date of redemption.

         On December 28, 1993, Funding issued, through a private placement,  $27
million  principal  amount of its 11-1/2% Series A Senior Secured Notes due 2000
(the  "Series A Notes").  The net  proceeds  from the sale of the Series A Notes
were  used by the  Partnership  (i) to fund  the  redemption  of the  Bonds  not
exchanged in the Exchange Offer and (ii) to repay a portion of the Partnership's
outstanding  indebtedness.  Pursuant  to  the  terms  of a  Registration  Rights
Agreement with the purchasers of the Series A Notes, Funding and the Partnership
have filed a registration  statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the  "SEC") for the  issuance  of $27  million  principal  amount of  Funding's
11-1/2% Series B Senior Secured Notes (the "Series B Notes") in exchange for the
$27 million  outstanding  principal  amount of the Series A Notes.  The Series B
Notes have terms which are  virtually  identical to those of the Series A Notes.
There can be no assurance that such offering will be consummated.

         On  December  30,  1993,  the second step in the  Recapitalization  was
consummated,   a  merger  (the  "Merger")  of  Trump's  Castle   Holding,   Inc.
("Holding"),  a Delaware  corporation wholly owned by the Partnership,  with and
into TC/GP.  Pursuant to the terms of the  Merger,  each holder of TC/GP  Common
Stock, other than those who exercised their statutory appraisal rights, received
$35  principal  amount of PIK Notes for each share of TC/GP  Common  Stock.  The
Partnership,  as the holder of all of the  outstanding  common  stock of Holding
immediately prior to consummation of the Merger, acquired all of the outstanding
common  stock of  TC/GP as a result  of the  Merger.  Upon  consummation  of the
Merger, the Partnership  distributed all of the TC/GP common stock to Trump, and
the  partnership  agreement of the Partnership was amended and restated to alter
certain governance procedures and to otherwise reflect the Recapitalization.

         As a result of the Recapitalization,  TC/GP has a 37.5% interest in the
Partnership,  Trump  has a 61.5%  interest  in the  Partnership,  TCHI  has a 1%
interest in the  Partnership  and Trump is the  beneficial  owner of 100% of the
common equity interests in the Partnership (subject to the Litigation Warrants).
Also as a  consequence  of the  Recapitalization,  the  principal  amount of the
Partnership's  debt has been reduced,  and,  initially,  the Partnership's  cash
charges have been reduced.

         Upon consummation of the  Recapitalization,  Funding's outstanding debt
consisted of the $27 million  principal amount  outstanding of its Senior Notes,
the  approximately  $242 million  principal  amount  outstanding of its Mortgage
Notes (which are  subordinated  to the Senior Notes) and the  approximately  $50
million principal amount outstanding of its PIK Notes (which are subordinated to
both the Senior Notes and the Mortgage  Notes).  Funding has also guaranteed the
Midlantic Term Loan (as defined below).

         In addition, upon consummation of the Recapitalization, the Partnership
had outstanding  approximately  $357 million  principal  amount of indebtedness,
including a term loan due to  Midlantic  National  Bank,  which had an aggregate





                                      -2-
<PAGE>


principal  amount  outstanding  of $38  million  as of  December  31,  1993 (the
"Midlantic Term Loan") and the intercompany notes securing the Senior Notes, the
Mortgage  Notes,  and the PIK Notes,  which had an  aggregate  principal  amount
outstanding of approximately $319 million as of December 31, 1993.

The Restructuring

         In 1990, the Partnership began  experiencing a liquidity  problem.  The
Partnership believes that its liquidity problem was attributable, in part, to an
overall  deterioration  in the  Atlantic  City gaming  market,  as  indicated by
reduced rates of casino revenue growth for the industry for the two prior years,
aggravated  by an economic  recession in the Northeast and the Persian Gulf War.
Comparatively  excessive casino gaming capacity in Atlantic City, due in part to
the  opening  of the  Trump  Taj  Mahal  Casino  Resort,  which  at the time was
wholly-owned  by  Trump  (the  "Taj  Mahal"),  in  April  1990,  may  also  have
contributed to the Partnership's liquidity problem.

         As a result of the Partnership's  liquidity problem,  Funding failed to
make interest and sinking fund payments on its public debt securities.  In 1990,
the Partnership also failed to pay interest installments on certain indebtedness
due Midlantic,  although the Partnership  subsequently made payment to Midlantic
of all unpaid  interest  on such debt and met its debt  service  obligations  to
Midlantic.

         In order to alleviate its  liquidity  problem,  on May 29, 1992,  TCHI,
Funding and the Partnership  (collectively,  the "Debtors")  restructured  their
indebtedness  through  the Plan under  chapter 11 of the  Bankruptcy  Code.  The
purpose of the Restructuring was to improve the amortization schedule and extend
the maturity of the  Partnership's  indebtedness  by reducing and  deferring the
Debtor's  annual debt service  requirements by (1) lowering the interest rate on
the  Partnership's  and Funding's long term indebtedness to Midlantic and (2) by
issuing  the Bonds  with an overall  lower rate of  interest  as  compared  with
Funding's then outstanding public debt securities.

         Upon  consummation  of the  Plan,  each  $1,000  principal  amount,  or
accreted  amount,  of Funding's public debt securities were exchanged for $1,000
in  principal  amount of Bonds,  together  with one share of the common stock of
TC/GP  and  certain  other  payments.  By  virtue  of  TC/GP's  interest  in the
Partnership,   the  holders  of  Funding's   public  debt  securities  prior  to
consummation of the Plan became the beneficial  owners of 50% of the Partnership
after consummation of the Plan.

         The terms of the  Bonds and the  partnership  agreement  executed  upon
consummation of the Restructuring were designed to provide Trump with incentives
to cause the Bonds to be repaid or redeemed  prior to maturity.  Under the terms
of the  indenture  pursuant  to which  the Bonds  were  issued,  the Bonds  were
initially  redeemable  at a  redemption  price  equal to 70% of the  outstanding
principal amount thereof,  together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date
of redemption.  Such redemption price, however, increased over time to par on or
after January 1, 1996. In addition, the partnership agreement provided that upon
a redemption  of the Bonds,  the interest of TC/GP in the  Partnership  would be
decreased,  and the  interest of Trump in the  Partnership  would be  increased,
based upon the redemption  date of the Bonds and the redemption  price paid with




                                      -3-
<PAGE>

respect thereto. The earlier the redemption and the greater the redemption price
paid with  respect to the Bonds,  the  greater  the  adjustment  to TC/GP's  and
Trump's partnership interests.

         As a result of the Exchange  Offer,  96.2% of the Bonds were  exchanged
for Mortgage Notes,  PIK Notes,  and a cash payment,  and 3.8% of the Bonds were
redeemed  for  cash  at  75%  of  their  principal  amount.  In  addition,  upon
consummation of the Merger,  each share of TC/GP common stock was converted into
the  right  to  receive   $35   principal   amount  of  PIK   Notes.   See  "The
Recapitalization" above.

(b)  Financial Information About Industry Segments

         The Partnership  operates in only one industry  segment.  See "SELECTED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA" below.

(c)  Narrative Description of the Business

         Casino Hotel  Operations.  The  Partnership  owns and operates  Trump's
Castle,  a luxury casino hotel located in the Marina  District of Atlantic City,
New Jersey, seven miles from New Jersey's Garden State Parkway.  With its 70,000
square foot casino, first-class guest rooms and other luxury amenities,  Trump's
Castle has been  awarded a "Four Star" Mobil  Travel Guide rating in each of the
last three years.  Management  believes that the "Four Star" rating reflects the
high quality  amenities and services that Trump's Castle  provides to its casino
patrons and hotel guests.

                 Trump's  Castle's  casino  offers 94 table games  (including 13
poker tables) and 2,098 slot machines.  During 1993,  Trump's Castle completed a
10,000 square foot  expansion to its casino which has enabled  Trump's Castle to
increase  the  number of slot  machines  on the casino  floor by 300  units,  to
provide  more  space  between  slot  machines,  and to place  stools in front of
additional slot machines, all of which are designed to provide the gaming patron
with  a  more  comfortable  gaming  experience.  Presently,  Trump's  Castle  is
undertaking  a 3,000  square  foot  expansion  to  accommodate  the  addition of
simulcast  race-track  wagering.  The expansion will also increase casino access
and casino  visibility for hotel patrons.  In addition,  Trump's Castle recently
completed the  construction  of a Las Vegas style marquee and reader board,  the
largest  of its kind on the East  Coast.  See  "PROPERTIES  OF THE  PARTNERSHIP"
below.

                 Trump's Castle has identified exceptional service as a means of
differentiating  itself from and competing  with other casinos in Atlantic City.
It has invested significant resources to the development of its 700 managers and
3,000  employees  to  insure  that  the  corporate  culture  meets  its  service
strategies.  In addition,  Trump's  Castle's  annual  capital  expenditures  are
designed to insure that room  accommodations,  restaurants,  public  areas,  the
casino and all other  areas of the hotel are  maintained  in  first-class  "Four
Star" condition.

                 Trump's   Castle's  primary   marketing   strategy  focuses  on
attracting and retaining middle and upper middle market  "drive-in"  patrons who
visit Atlantic City frequently and have proven to be the most profitable  market
segment.  Trump's Castle has also recently  implemented  an aggressive  overseas




                                      -4-
<PAGE>

marketing  plan  designed to broaden its patron base by seeking to attract "high
roller"  table game  patrons  who tend to wager  large sums of money.  Recently,
Trump's Castle has recruited  several senior level casino  marketing  executives
who have extensive experience in overseas marketing and a proven track record of
attracting profitable  international "high rollers". This new strategy will also
include  promotions and offer special events aimed at the overseas market and is
designed  to offset the  decline of table  games  play by the  domestic  market.
Trump's  Castle  also  intends  to  capitalize  on its  first-class  facilities,
particularly its luxury suite tower and on-site helipad to attract international
patrons.

         Casino  gaming in  Atlantic  City is strictly  regulated  under the New
Jersey  Casino  Control  Act and the  regulations  promulgated  thereunder  (the
"Casino  Control Act") and other  applicable  laws,  which affect  virtually all
aspects  of the  Partnership's  operations.  See  "Gaming  and  Other  Laws  and
Regulations" below.

         Marketing Strategy.

                 General

         In 1990,  the Atlantic City casino  industry  experienced a significant
increase in room capacity and in available  casino floor space, due primarily to
opening  of the  Taj  Mahal,  which  at the  time  was  wholly-owned  by  Trump.
Management  believes that the opening of the Taj Mahal had a  disproportionately
adverse  effect on Trump's Castle due to the common use of the "Trump" name, and
the fact that  Trump's  Castle is reached  via the same  access  road as the Taj
Mahal.  The Partnership  believes that results in 1991 were also affected by the
weakness in the  economy  throughout  the  Northeast  and the adverse  impact on
tourism  and  consumer  spending  in  1991 of the war in the  Middle  East.  See
"Competition" below.

         In 1991, the Partnership retained the services of Nicholas L. Ribis, as
Chief Executive  Officer,  and Roger P. Wagner, as President and Chief Operating
Officer.  At such  time,  Mr.  Ribis was also  retained  as the chief  executive
officer of the  partnerships  which  operate the Taj Mahal and Trump Plaza Hotel
and Casino,  which at the time was wholly  owned by Trump  ("Trump  Plaza",  and
together  with the Taj Mahal,  the "Other  Trump  Casinos").  Trump and this new
management team  implemented a new business  strategy  designed to capitalize on
Trump's Castle's first-class facilities and improve operating results.

         Key elements of the new business  strategy  consist of  differentiating
Trump's  Castle from other  Atlantic City casinos based on its level of service,
gaming environment and location,  redirecting  marketing efforts and continually
monitoring  operations  to adapt to,  and  anticipate,  industry  trends.  After
establishing  the new  marketing  strategy  in  1991,  the  Partnership  in 1992
implemented  an  aggressive  plan to regain the  patrons it had lost in 1990 and
1991 and to attract new patrons by increasing  its  promotional  activities  and
complimentaries  offered. Trump's Castle improved its market share by the end of
1992 and continues to improve operating margins by directing complimentaries and
promotional  activities  to attract the most  profitable  patrons in each market
segment.  In addition,  Trump's  Castle has recently  implemented  an aggressive
overseas  marketing  plan  designed  to broaden  its  patron  base by seeking to
attract high-end table game patrons.  This new strategy will include  promotions
and offer  special  events and is  designed to offset the decline of table games
play by the domestic market.




                                      -5-
<PAGE>


                 Service

         The  Partnership has identified  service as a means of  differentiating
itself from and competing with other Atlantic City casinos,  and has adopted the
slogan "Trump's Castle Where Service Is King." In 1990, the Partnership  created
a new service enhancement department designed to increase the quality of service
provided to casino patrons, and create a service oriented culture.

         The  Partnership  believes  that in the past most casino  services were
directed at high rollers and middle  market  patrons who wagered at table games.
By providing a high level of service to all  patrons,  including  middle  market
slot  patrons,  the  Partnership  seeks to foster  loyalty among its patrons and
repeat play.

                 Gaming Environment

         In 1993,  the  Partnership  completed a 10,000 square foot expansion of
its main casino  floor space  bringing  the total  casino  floor space to 70,000
square feet.  This  expansion  enabled the  Partnership  to introduce live poker
games and at the same time to increase the number of slot  machines,  to provide
more space  between slot  machines,  and to place stools in front of  additional
slot  machines.  These  changes are designed to provide the gaming patron with a
more  comfortable  gaming  experience.  In  addition,  Trump's  Castle  has also
introduced a separate  non-smoking  area on its casino floor. See "PROPERTIES OF
THE PARTNERSHIP" below.

         The Partnership  continuously  monitors the configuration of the casino
floor and the games it offers to patrons with a view towards  making changes and
improvements.  Trump's  Castle's  casino floor was the first in Atlantic City to
feature live poker.

         In recent years,  there has been an industry  trend towards fewer table
games and more slot  machines.  For the Atlantic City casino  industry,  revenue
from slot machines  increased from 54.6% of the industry  gaming revenue in 1988
to 67.1% of the industry  gaming revenue in 1993.  Trump's Castle  experienced a
similar increase,  with slot revenue  increasing from 52.5% of gaming revenue in
1988 to 70.2% of gaming  revenue in 1993.  In response  to this  trend,  Trump's
Castle has  devoted  more of its casino  floor  space to slot  machines  and has
replaced 900 of its slot  machines with newer  machines.  In the next six months
Trump's  Castle  intends to acquire an  additional  100 slot machines to replace
less popular,  older models.  Moreover, as part of its program to attract middle
market slot patrons,  the Partnership has created "Castle Square",  a section of
the casino  floor  devoted to one dollar slot  machines,  and "Monte  Carlo",  a
section of the casino floor devoted to high  denomination slot machines (most of
which provide for $5 or more per play). The Partnership is currently considering
introducing  another  high  denomination  slot machine area next to the "King of
Clubs"  lounge and intends to  introduce  "keno" in the second  quarter of 1994,
subject to approval by the CCC.

                 "Comping" Strategy

         In order to compete effectively with other Atlantic City casino hotels,
the Partnership offers complimentary  drinks,  meals, room accommodations and/or
travel arrangements to its patrons  ("complimentaries"  or "comps"). In 1991 and
1992, Trump's Castle increased promotional activities and complimentaries to its




                                      -6-
<PAGE>


targeted patrons in order to regain lost market share. Currently,  the policy at
Trump's Castle is to focus promotional activities, including complimentaries, on
a middle and upper middle  market  "drive-in"  patrons who visit  Atlantic  City
frequently and have proven to be the most profitable market segment.

                 Entertainment and Special Events

         The Partnership pursues a coordinated program of headline entertainment
and special events. Trump's Castle offers headline  entertainment  approximately
twelve times a year which, in 1993, included performances by Joan Rivers, Johnny
Cash, Ann Margaret,  Frankie  Avalon,  Bobby Rydell,  and The Neville  Brothers.
Headliners  who are  scheduled  to appear at Trump's  Castle in 1994 include Tom
Jones,  Sheena Easton,  The Everly  Brothers,  The Pointer Sisters and The Beach
Boys.  During 1994,  Trump's  Castle will also produce a series of  review-style
shows with up to 12 shows per week for 30 weeks over the year. The  review-style
shows will focus on  attracting  mass market  customers and will also be used to
reward loyal high frequency middle market customers.

         As a part of its overseas marketing plan, Trump's Castle offers special
events aimed at the overseas market.  In 1993, for example,  Trump's Castle held
an Italian  Christmas  celebration  targeted  toward  the  European  Market.  In
addition,  Trump's  Castle hosts over 100 special  events on an invitation  only
basis in an effort to attract  middle  market  gaming  patrons and build loyalty
among patrons.  These special events include boxing, golf tournaments,  birthday
parties and theme  parties.  Headline  entertainment  is  scheduled so as not to
overlap with any of these special events.

                 Player Development and Casino Hosts

         The   Partnership   has   contracts   with   approximately   ten  sales
representatives  in New  Jersey,  New York and other  states to promote  Trump's
Castle.  Trump's  Castle has sought to attract  more middle  market slot machine
gaming  patrons,  as  well as  high  rollers,  through  its  "junket"  marketing
operations,  which involves  attracting groups of patrons by providing  airfare,
gifts and room  accommodations.  Trump's  Castle has also recently  undertaken a
marketing  effort aimed at developing  patronage  from the high-end table gaming
markets in Europe,  Asia,  Canada and Latin America.  The  Partnership  also has
contracts with two international sales representatives and has recruited several
senior  level casino  marketing  executives  who have  extensive  experience  in
overseas marketing and a proven track record of attracting  profitable  high-end
table gaming patrons.

         Trump's  Castle's  casino hosts assist table game patrons,  and Trump's
Castle's  slot sales  representatives  assist slot patrons on the casino  floor,
make room and dinner  reservations  and provide general  assistance.  Slot sales
representatives  also  solicit  Castle  Card (the  frequent  player  slot  card)
sign-ups in order to increase the Partnership's marketing base.

                 Promotional Activities

         The  Castle  Card  (the  frequent  player   identification  slot  card)
constitutes a key element in Trump's  Castle's direct  marketing  program.  Slot
machine  players are  encouraged to register for and utilize their  personalized




                                      -7-
<PAGE>


Castle Card to earn various  complimentaries based upon their level of play. The
Castle  Card is inserted  during  play into a card  reader  attached to the slot
machine for use in computerized  rating systems.  These computer  systems record
data  about  the  cardholder,  including  playing  preferences,   frequency  and
denomination of play and the amount of gaming revenues produced.  Slot sales and
management  personnel  are able to monitor  the  identity  and  location  of the
cardholder and the frequency and  denomination  of his slot play.  They also use
this information to provide  attentive  service to the cardholder while he is on
the casino floor.

         Trump's Castle designs promotional offers, conveyed via direct mail and
telemarketing,  to  patrons  expected  to  provide  revenues  based  upon  their
historical gaming patterns. Such information is gathered on slot wagering by the
Castle Card and on table wagering by the casino games supervisor. Trump's Castle
also utilizes a special events calendar (e.g., birthday parties, sweepstakes and
special competitions) to promote its gaming operations.

                 Credit Policy

         Historically,  Trump's Castle has extended credit to certain  qualified
patrons.  For the years ended December 31, 1991 and 1992, credit play at Trump's
Castle as a percentage of total dollars wagered was  approximately  31% and 28%,
respectively. In recognition of the general economic conditions in the Northeast
and  consistent  with a more focused  marketing  strategy,  Trump's  Castle also
imposed  stricter  standards  on  applications  for  new or  additional  credit.
Although Trump's Castle has successfully attracted high-end table games patrons,
who in  general  tend to use a higher  percentage  of credit in their  wagering,
through  its  "junket"  marketing  operations  and  has  recently  undertaken  a
marketing effort aimed at high-end  international  table game patrons,  who also
tend to use a higher  percentage of credit in their  wagering,  credit play as a
percentage  of total  dollars  wagered  increased to only 29% for the year ended
December 31, 1993.

                 Bus Program

         Trump's Castle has a bus program which transports  approximately  2,100
gaming  patrons per day during the week and 2,600 per day on the  weekends.  The
Partnership's  bus program offers  incentives and discounts to certain scheduled
and chartered bus customers.  Based on historical  surveys,  the Partnership has
determined  that gaming  patrons who arrive by scheduled  bus line as opposed to
special  charter or who travel  distances of 60 miles or more are more likely to
create higher gaming revenue for Trump's Castle.  Accordingly,  Trump's Castle's
marketing efforts are focused on such bus patrons.

                 Risks Inherent in an International Marketing Strategy

         The  potential   benefit  derived  from  the   Partnership's   recently
implemented overseas marketing plan designed to attract "high rollers",  may not
outweigh the high costs  associated with  attracting such players.  In addition,
the large sums of money  wagered  by "high  rollers"  may result in  substantial
gains or losses by individual  patrons,  which could  increase the volatility of
Trump's Castle's results of operations and thus increase the Partnership's  need
for liquidity.  There may also be difficulties presented in collecting from such
players.




                                      -8-
<PAGE>


         Atlantic City Market.  Gaming in Atlantic City started in May 1978 when
the first casino hotel opened for business.  Since 1978, gaming in Atlantic City
has  grown  from one  casino  to 12  casinos  at the  beginning  of  1994,  with
approximately  $3.3 billion of casino industry revenue generated in 1993. Gaming
revenue for all Atlantic City casino hotels has  increased  approximately  2.6%,
5.2%, 1.3%, 7.5% and 2.6% during 1989,  1990, 1991, 1992 and 1993,  respectively
(in each case as compared to the prior year). See "Competition" below.

         Atlantic City is near many densely  populated  metropolitan  areas. The
primary area served by Atlantic  City casino hotels is the corridor that extends
from  Washington,  D.C. to Boston and includes  New York City and  Philadelphia.
Within this primary  area,  Atlantic  City may be reached by  automobile or bus.
Principal  arteries lead into Atlantic City from the  metropolitan New York area
and from the  Baltimore/Washington,  D.C. area, both of which are  approximately
three  hours away by  automobile.  Atlantic  City can also be reached by air and
rail transportation, although most patrons arrive by automobile or bus.

         Historically,  Atlantic City has suffered from  inadequate rail and air
transportation.  As a result,  a majority of Atlantic City gaming patrons travel
from the mid-atlantic  and northeast  regions of the United States by automobile
or bus.  Rail  service to Atlantic  City has  recently  been  improved  with the
introduction  of Amtrak express  service to and from  Philadelphia  and New York
City.  An  expansion  of  the  Atlantic  City  International   Airport  (located
approximately  12 miles from Atlantic City) to handle large airline carriers and
large  passenger  jets was  recently  completed.  Despite the  expansion  of the
Atlantic City International Airport,  however, access to Atlantic City by air is
still  limited  by a lack  of  regularly  scheduled  flights  and by  inadequate
terminal  facilities.  The lack of adequate  transportation  infrastructure  has
limited the expansion of the Atlantic City gaming  industry's  geographic patron
base and the attractiveness of Atlantic City to major conventions.

         Competition.  Competition  in the Atlantic  City casino hotel market is
intense.  Trump's  Castle  competes  primarily  with  other  casinos  located in
Atlantic City, New Jersey,  as well as gaming  establishments  located on Native
American  reservations  in New York and  Connecticut and also would compete with
any other facilities in the northeastern and mid-Atlantic  regions of the United
States at which casino  gaming or other forms of wagering may be  authorized  in
the future.  To a lesser extent,  Trump's Castle faces  competition  from cruise
lines, riverboat gaming and casinos located in Mississippi, Nevada, New Orleans,
Puerto  Rico,  the  Bahamas  and other  locations  inside and outside the United
States,  and from  other  forms of  legalized  gaming in New  Jersey  and in its
surrounding  states  such  as  lotteries,   horse  racing  (including  off-track
betting), jai alai and dog racing, and from illegal wagering of various types.

         At  present,  there are 12 casino  hotels  located  in  Atlantic  City,
including Trump's Castle, all of which compete for patrons.  In addition,  there
are several sites on The Boardwalk and in the Atlantic City Marina area on which
casino hotels could be built in the future,  or on which existing  casino hotels
could expand, including the property commonly known as the "Trump Regency Hotel"
on which Trump Plaza has an option.

         Total Atlantic City gaming  revenues have increased over the past three
years,  although at varying  rates.  In 1991,  six Atlantic  City casino  hotels
reported  increases in gaming  revenues as compared to 1990,  and five  reported
decreases  in  gaming  revenues  (including  Trump's  Castle).  The  Partnership




                                      -9-
<PAGE>


believes  that  results in 1991 were  affected  by the  weakness  in the economy
throughout  the Northeast and the adverse impact in 1991 on tourism and consumer
spending of the Persian Gulf War. Although all 12 Atlantic City casinos reported
increases  in gaming  revenues  in 1992 as  compared  to 1991,  the  Partnership
believes  that this was due, in part, to the  depressed  industry  conditions in
1991. In 1993, nine casinos  (including  Trump's Castle)  experienced  increased
casino revenues, as compared to 1992, while three casinos reported decreases.

         In 1990,  the Atlantic City casino  industry  experienced a significant
increase in room  capacity and in available  casino floor space,  including  the
rooms and floor space made  available by the opening of the Taj Mahal,  which at
the time was  wholly-owned  by Trump.  The  effects  of such  expansion  were to
increase  competition  and to contribute to a decline in 1990 in gaming revenues
per square  foot.  In 1990,  the Atlantic  City casino  industry  experienced  a
decline in gaming  revenues  per square foot of 5.0%,  which trend  continued in
1991,  although  at the reduced  rate of 2.9%.  However,  in 1992 and 1993,  the
Atlantic  City  casino  industry  experienced  an  increase  of 6.9%  and  1.4%,
respectively  in gaming  revenues  per square foot each as compared to the prior
year.

         The  profitability of Trump's Castle could be affected by its proximity
to Harrah's  Marina Hotel  Casino,  which is owned and operated by a third party
not affiliated  with the  Partnership.  Trump's Castle and Harrah's Marina Hotel
Casino are the only casino hotels  located in the Marina area of Atlantic  City.
The  remaining  Atlantic City casino  hotels are located on The  Boardwalk.  The
Partnership  believes that the  concentration  of casino hotels on The Boardwalk
has resulted in a significant number of patrons being attracted to that area and
away from the vicinity of Trump's Castle. The Partnership  further believes that
the  location of Trump's  Castle has  adversely  affected its ability to attract
walk-in patrons,  although the Partnership  believes that its location away from
The Boardwalk area serves as an attractive  feature to visitors seeking to avoid
the congested  downtown area. The Partnership  also believes that Trump's Castle
benefits,  to some extent, from its relative  geographic  isolation by virtue of
the fact that  patrons  do not have the  option of  walking  from one  casino to
another once they arrive at Trump's Castle.

         Casinos in Atlantic City must be located in approved  hotel  facilities
which offer dining, entertainment and other guest facilities.  Competition among
casino hotels is based primarily upon promotional allowances,  advertising,  the
attractiveness of the casino area, service, quality and price of rooms, food and
beverages,  restaurant,  convention and parking facilities and entertainment. In
order to compete  effectively  with all other Atlantic City casino  hotels,  the
Partnership  offers  complimentary  drinks,  meals, room  accommodations  and/or
travel  arrangements  to  patrons  with a  demonstrated  propensity  to wager at
Trump's  Castle,  as well as cash  bonuses  and  other  incentives  pursuant  to
approved coupon programs.

         In 1988,  Congress  passed the Indian Gaming  Regulatory  Act ("IGRA"),
which requires any state in which casino-style gaming is permitted (even if only
for limited charity  purposes) to negotiate  compacts with federally  recognized
Native  American  tribes at the  request  of such  tribes.  Under  IGRA,  Native
American tribes enjoy comparative freedom from regulation and taxation of gaming
operations, which provides such tribes with an advantage over their competitors,
including the  Partnership.  In 1991,  the  Mashantucket  Pequot Nation opened a
casino facility in Ledyard,  Connecticut,  located in the far eastern portion of
such state, an  approximately  three-hour  drive from New York City. In February




                                      -10-
<PAGE>


1992, the Mashantucket  Pequot Nation initiated 24 hour gaming. In January 1993,
slot machines were added at such facility,  and the facility  currently contains
over 3,100 slot machines.  The Mashantucket  Pequot Nation has announced various
expansion  plans,  including its  intention to build  another  casino in Ledyard
together with hotels, restaurants and a theme park.

         Trump,  the Partnership and the Other Trump Casinos have recently filed
a  lawsuit   seeking,   among  other  things,   a   declaration   that  IGRA  is
unconstitutional  and seeking an injunction  against the  enforcement of certain
provisions  of  IGRA.  The  complaint  states,  among  other  things,  that  the
Mashantucket  Pequot  Nation's  casino has caused  the  Partnership  substantial
economic  injury.  The complaint  states  further that any future  expansions of
existing Native  American  gaming  facilities or new ventures by such persons or
others in the  northeastern  or  mid-Atlantic  region of the United States would
have a further  adverse  impact on Atlantic  City in general and could cause the
Partnership further substantial economic injury.

         A group in New  Jersey  terming  itself  the  "Ramapough  Indians"  has
applied to the U.S.  Department of the Interior to be  recognized  formally as a
Native American tribe, which recognition would permit it to require the State of
New Jersey to  negotiate  a gaming  compact  under  IGRA.  On  December 3, 1993,
however,  the Interior  Department proposed that such Federal recognition to the
Ramapough Indians be denied. Similarly, a group in Cumberland County, New Jersey
calling itself the  "Nanticoke  Lenni Lenape" tribe has filed a notice of intent
with the Federal Bureau of Indian Affairs seeking formal recognition as a Native
American  tribe.  Also, it has been reported  that a Sussex  County,  New Jersey
businessman  has  offered  to donate  land he owns  there to the  Oklahoma-based
Lenape/Delaware  Indian  Nation which  originated  in New Jersey and already has
Federal tribal status but does not have a reservation in the state. In addition,
in July 1993, the Oneida Nation opened a casino featuring  24-hour table gaming,
but without slot machines,  near Syracuse, New York.  Representatives of the St.
Regis Mohawk  Nation signed a gaming  compact with New York State  officials for
the opening of a casino,  without slot machines,  in the northern portion of the
state close to the Canadian  border.  The St. Regis Mohawk  Nation has announced
that it  intends to open their  casino in the summer of 1994.  The  Narragansett
Nation of Rhode Island has recently won a Federal  court case which will require
the  Governor of Rhode  Island to  negotiate a casino  gaming  compact  with the
Nation.  The Mohegan Nation,  which is located in Connecticut,  received federal
recognition in March 1994.  Other Native  American  Nations are seeking  federal
recognition, land, and negotiation of gaming compacts in New York, Pennsylvania,
Connecticut and other nearby states.

         Legislation  permitting other forms of casino gaming has been proposed,
from time to time,  in various  states,  including  those  bordering New Jersey.
Trump's  Castle's  operations would be adversely  affected by such  competition,
particularly  if casino gaming were  permitted in  jurisdictions  near or in New
Jersey or other  states in the  Northeast.  In December  1993,  the Rhode Island
Lottery  Commission  approved  the  addition  of slot  machine  games  on  video
terminals  at Lincoln  Greyhound  Park and  Newport  Jai Alai,  where  poker and
blackjack have been offered for over two years. The State of Louisiana  recently
approved  casino  gaming in the city of New  Orleans,  and a developer  has been
selected.  Currently,  casino gaming,  other than Native American gaming, is not
allowed in other  areas of New Jersey or in New York or  Pennsylvania.  However,
Trump's Castle expects that proposals may be introduced to legalize riverboat or
other  forms of  gaming  in  Philadelphia  and one or more  other  locations  in




                                      -11-
<PAGE>


Pennsylvania.  To the extent that legalized gaming becomes more prevalent in New
Jersey or other jurisdictions, competition would intensify.

         In addition,  legislation  has from time to time been introduced in the
New Jersey State  Legislature  relating to types of statewide  legalized gaming,
such as video games with small wagers. To date, no such  legislation,  which may
require a state constitutional  amendment,  has been enacted. The Partnership is
unable to  predict  whether  any such  legislation,  if  enacted,  would  have a
material  adverse impact on the results of operations or financial  condition of
the Partnership.

         Seasonality.  The gaming  industry in Atlantic City  traditionally  has
been  seasonal,  with its  strongest  performance  occurring  from  May  through
September,  and with  December  and January  showing  substantial  decreases  in
activity. Revenues have been significantly higher on Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays
and holidays  than on other days.  In addition,  in the summer  months,  Trump's
Castle may be adversely  affected by the desire of certain patrons to wager at a
location which is readily accessible to The Boardwalk.

         The  Conflicting  Interests of Certain  Officers  and  Directors of the
Partnership and its Affiliates. Trump is the beneficial owner of Trump Plaza and
a 50%  beneficial  owner of the Taj Mahal and is the sole  owner of Trump  Plaza
Management Corp.  ("TPM"),  an entity that provides management services to Trump
Plaza. In addition, Trump has a personal services agreement with the partnership
that owns the Taj  Mahal  ("TTMA")  pursuant  to which he  receives  substantial
compensation  based, in part, on the financial  results of the Taj Mahal.  Under
certain  circumstances,  Trump could increase his beneficial interest in the Taj
Mahal to 100%.  Trump could under  certain  circumstances  have an  incentive to
operate the Other Trump Casinos to the competitive detriment of the Partnership.
However,  the Services  Agreement entered into between the Partnership and TC/GP
provides  that  Trump  and his  affiliates  will  not  engage  in any  activity,
transaction or action which would result in the Other Trump Casinos  realizing a
competitive  advantage  over Trump's  Castle.  The Other Trump  Casinos  compete
directly with each other and with other Atlantic City casino  hotels,  including
Trump's  Castle.   Nicholas  L.  Ribis,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the
Partnership,  is also the chief executive  officer of the partnerships  that own
the Other Trump Casinos, and Messrs.  Ernest E. East and John P. Burke, officers
of the Partnership, are also executive officers of the partnerships that own the
Other Trump Casinos. In addition,  Messrs. Trump, Ribis, East and Burke serve on
the governing bodies of the partnerships that own the Other Trump Casinos.  As a
result of Trump's interests in three competing Atlantic City casinos, the common
chief executive officer,  and other common officers,  a conflict of interest may
be deemed to exist by reason of such persons' access to information and business
opportunities  possibly  useful  to  any or all of  such  casinos.  Although  no
specific  procedures  have been  devised  for  resolving  conflicts  of interest
confronting,  or which may  confront,  Trump,  such  persons and the Other Trump
Casinos,  Messrs.  Trump,  Ribis,  East and Burke do not engage in any  activity
which  they  reasonably   expect  will  harm  Trump's  Castle  or  is  otherwise
inconsistent with their fiduciary obligations to the Partnership.

         Employees and Labor Relations. As of December 31, 1993, the Partnership
employed  approximately  3,700 full and part time employees for the operation of
Trump's Castle, of whom approximately 932 were subject to collective  bargaining
agreements.  The Partnership's collective bargaining agreement with Local No. 54
affiliated with the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees International Union




                                      -12-
<PAGE>


AFL-CIO expires on September 14, 1994. Such agreement  extends to  approximately
820 employees.  Preparation  for  negotiations  for a new collective  bargaining
agreement  with Local No. 54 are currently  underway.  In addition,  three other
collective  bargaining  agreements which expire in 1996 cover  approximately 112
maintenance employees.  The Partnership believes that its relationships with its
employees are satisfactory. Funding has no employees.

         All of the  Partnership's  employees are required to be registered with
or licensed by the Casino Control  Commission (the "CCC") pursuant to the Casino
Control  Act.  Casino   employees  are  subject  to  more  stringent   licensing
requirements  than  non-casino  employees,  and must meet  applicable  standards
pertaining to such matters as financial responsibility, good character, ability,
casino  training,  experience and New Jersey  residency.  Such  regulations have
resulted in significant competition for employees who meet these requirements.

         Gaming and Other Laws and Regulations.  The following is only a summary
of the  applicable  provisions of the Casino  Control Act and certain other laws
and  regulations.  It does not purport to be a full  description  thereof and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Casino  Control Act and such other
laws and regulations.

         In  general,  the  Casino  Control  Act  contains  detailed  provisions
concerning, among other things: the granting of casino licenses; the suitability
of the approved  hotel  facility and the amount of  authorized  casino space and
gaming  units  permitted  therein;  the  qualification  of natural  persons  and
entities  related to the casino  licensee;  the  licensing and  registration  of
employees and vendors of casino  licensees;  rules of the games; the selling and
redeeming  of  gaming  chips;  the  granting  and  duration  of  credit  and the
enforceability of gaming debts;  management control  procedures,  accounting and
cash control methods and reports to gaming  agencies;  security  standards;  the
manufacture and distribution of gaming equipment;  equal employment  opportunity
for employees of casino operators,  contractors of casino facilities and others;
and advertising, entertainment and alcoholic beverages.

                 Casino Control Commission

         The ownership and operation of casino hotel facilities in Atlantic City
are the subject of strict state regulation under the Casino Control Act. The CCC
is  empowered  to  regulate a wide  spectrum  of gaming and  non-gaming  related
activities  and to approve the form of ownership and financial  structure of not
only a casino  licensee,  but also its entity  qualifiers and  intermediary  and
holding companies.

                 Operating Licenses

         The  Partnership  was issued its initial  casino  license in June 1985.
During April 1993, the CCC renewed the Partnership's casino license and approved
Trump as a natural person qualifier  through May 1995. No assurance can be given
that the CCC will renew the  Partnership's  casino license or, if it does so, as
to the conditions it may impose, if any, with respect thereto.




                                      -13-
<PAGE>


                 Casino License

         No casino hotel facility may operate unless the appropriate license and
approvals are obtained from the CCC, which has broad  discretion  with regard to
the issuance, renewal, revocation and suspension of such licenses and approvals,
which are  non-transferable.  The  qualification  criteria  with  respect to the
holder of a casino  license  include  its  financial  stability,  integrity  and
responsibility; the integrity and adequacy of its financial resources which bear
any relation to the casino project;  its good character,  honesty and integrity;
and the sufficiency of its business  ability and casino  experience to establish
the likelihood of a successful,  efficient casino operation.  The casino license
held by the Partnership is renewable for periods of up to two years. The CCC may
reopen  licensing  hearings at any time, and must reopen a licensing  hearing at
the request of the Division of Gaming Enforcement (the "Division").

         To be considered  financially  stable,  a licensee must demonstrate the
following ability:  to pay winning wagers when due, to achieve a gross operating
profit;  to pay all local,  state and federal taxes when due, to make  necessary
capital  and  maintenance   expenditures  to  insure  that  it  has  a  superior
first-class facility, and to pay, exchange, refinance or extend debts which will
mature or become due and payable during the license term.

         In the event a licensee fails to demonstrate  financial stability,  the
CCC may take such action as it deems  necessary  to fulfill the  purposes of the
Casino  Control  Act  and  protect  the  public  interest,   including:  issuing
conditional licenses,  approvals or determinations;  establishing an appropriate
cure  period;  imposing  reporting  requirements;  placing  restrictions  on the
transfer of cash or the assumption of liability;  requiring  reasonable reserves
or  trust  accounts;  denying  licensure;  or  appointing  a  conservator.   See
"Conservatorship" below.

         The Partnership  believes that it has adequate  financial  resources to
meet the financial stability requirements of the CCC for the foreseeable future.

         Pursuant to the Casino Control Act, CCC Regulations  and precedent,  no
entity  may hold a casino  license  unless  each  officer,  director,  principal
employee,  person who directly or indirectly  holds any  beneficial  interest or
ownership  in the  licensee,  each  person who in the opinion of the CCC has the
ability to control or elect a majority of the board of directors of the licensee
(other than a banking or other licensed lending  institution  which makes a loan
or holds a mortgage or other lien acquired in the ordinary  course of business),
and any lender,  underwriter,  agent or employee of the licensee or other person
whom the CCC may  consider  appropriate,  obtains  and  maintains  qualification
approval from the CCC.  Qualification  approval means that such person must, but
for residence,  individually meet the qualification requirements as a casino key
employee.  See "Employees"  below.  Pursuant to conditions of the  Partnership's
casino license, payments by the Partnership to or for the benefit of any related
entity  or  any  partner  are  subject  to  prior  CCC  approval;  and,  if  the
Partnership's  cash  position  falls  below $5  million  for  three  consecutive
business days, the Partnership must present to the CCC and the Division evidence
as to why it should  not obtain a working  capital  facility  in an  appropriate
amount.




                                      -14-
<PAGE>


                 Control Persons

         An entity qualifier or intermediary or holding company,  such as TC/GP,
TCHI and Funding,  is required to register  with the CCC and meet the same basic
standards for approval as a casino licensee;  provided,  however,  that the CCC,
with the concurrence of the Director of the Division,  may waive compliance by a
publicly-traded  corporate  holding  company  with  the  requirement  that  each
officer,  director,  lender,  underwriter,  agent or employee thereof, or person
directly  or  indirectly  holding a  beneficial  interest  or  ownership  of the
securities thereof,  individually qualify for approval under casino key employee
standards,  so long as the CCC and the Director are, and remain,  satisfied that
such  officer,  director,  lender,   underwriter,   agent  or  employee  is  not
significantly  involved in the activities of the casino  licensee,  or that such
security  holder  does not have  the  ability  to  control  the  publicly-traded
corporate holding company or elect one or more of its directors. Persons holding
five  percent or more of the  equity  securities  of such  holding  company  are
presumed  to have the ability to control the company or elect one or more of its
directors  and will,  unless  this  presumption  is  rebutted,  be  required  to
individually  qualify.  Equity securities are defined as any voting stock or any
security  similar to or  convertible  into or  carrying  a right to acquire  any
security having a direct or indirect participation in the profits of the issuer.

                 Financial Sources

         The CCC may require all financial backers, investors,  mortgagees, bond
holders and holders of notes or other evidence of indebtedness, either in effect
or  proposed,  which bears any relation to the casino  project,  publicly-traded
securities of an entity which holds a casino license or is an entity  qualifier,
subsidiary or holding company of a casino licensee (a "Regulated  Company"),  to
qualify as financial sources.  In the past, the CCC has waived the qualification
requirement for holders of less than 15% of a series of publicly-traded mortgage
bonds so long as the bonds remained  widely-distributed and freely-traded in the
public market and the holder had no ability to control the casino licensee.  The
CCC may  require  holders  of less  than 15% of a series of debt to  qualify  as
financial  sources  even if not  active in the  management  of the issuer or the
casino licensee.

                 Institutional Investors

         An institutional investor ("Institutional  Investor") is defined by the
Casino Control Act as any retirement  fund  administered  by a public agency for
the exclusive benefit of federal,  state or local public  employees;  investment
company  registered  under  the  Investment  Company  Act  of  1940;  collective
investment  trust  organized  by  banks  under  Part  Nine of the  Rules  of the
Comptroller of the Currency;  closed end investment trust; chartered or licensed
life insurance company or property and casualty insurance  company;  banking and
other chartered or licensed lending  institution;  investment advisor registered
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and such other persons as the CCC may
determine for reasons consistent with the policies of the Casino Control Act.

         An  Institutional  Investor  may be  granted  a waiver  by the CCC from
financial source or other qualification  requirements  applicable to a holder of
publicly-traded  securities,  in the  absence  of a prima  facie  showing by the
Division  that  there is any  cause to  believe  that  the  holder  may be found




                                      -15-
<PAGE>


unqualified,  on the basis of CCC findings that: (a) its holdings were purchased
for investment  purposes only and, upon request by the CCC, it files a certified
statement to the effect that it has no intention of influencing or affecting the
affairs  of the  issuer,  the casino  licensee  or its  holding or  intermediary
companies;  provided, however, that the Institutional Investor will be permitted
to vote on matters put to the vote of the outstanding  security holders; and (b)
if (i) the  securities  are debt  securities of a casino  licensee's  holding or
intermediary  companies or another  subsidiary  company of the casino licensee's
holding or  intermediary  companies which is related in any way to the financing
of the  casino  licensee  and  represent  either  (x) 20% or  less of the  total
outstanding  debt of the company or (y) 50% or less of any issue of  outstanding
debt of the company,  (ii) the  securities  are equity  securities and represent
less  than 10% of the  equity  securities  of a  casino  licensee's  holding  or
intermediary   companies  or  (iii)  if  the  securities  so  held  exceed  such
percentages,  upon a showing of good cause. There can be no assurance,  however,
that the CCC will make such findings or grant such waiver and, in any event,  an
Institutional  Investor may be required to produce for the CCC or Division  upon
request,  any document or  information  which bears any relation to such debt or
equity securities.

         Generally, the CCC requires each institutional holder seeking waiver of
qualification  to execute a certification  to the effect that (i) the holder has
received the definition of  Institutional  Investor under the Casino Control Act
and believes that it meets the definition of  Institutional  Investor;  (ii) the
holder  purchased the securities for investment  purposes only and holds them in
the ordinary  course of  business;  (iii) the holder has no  involvement  in the
business activities of, and no intention of influencing or affecting the affairs
of, the issuer,  the casino  licensee or any  affiliate;  and (iv) if the holder
subsequently  determines  to influence or affect the affairs of the issuer,  the
casino licensee or any affiliate,  it shall provide not less than 30 days' prior
notice  of  such  intent  and  shall  file  with  the  CCC  an  application  for
qualification  before  taking  any such  action.  If an  Institutional  Investor
changes its investment  intent,  or if the CCC finds reasonable cause to believe
that it may be found unqualified,  the Institutional Investor may take no action
with  respect to the  security  holdings,  other  than to divest  itself of such
holdings,  until it has applied for interim casino  authorization  (see "Interim
Casino Authorization" below) and has executed a trust agreement pursuant to such
an application.

                 Ownership and Transfer of Securities

         The Casino Control Act imposes certain  restrictions upon the issuance,
ownership and transfer of securities of a Regulated Company and defines the term
"security" to include instruments which evidence a direct or indirect beneficial
ownership or creditor interest in a Regulated Company including, but not limited
to, mortgages,  debentures, security agreements, notes and warrants. Funding and
the  Partnership  are each deemed to be a  Regulated  Company,  and  instruments
evidencing  a  beneficial  ownership  or creditor  interest  therein,  including
partnership interest, are deemed to be the securities of a Regulated Company.

         If the CCC finds  that a holder  of such  securities  is not  qualified
under the Casino  Control Act, it has the right to take any  remedial  action it
may  deem  appropriate   including  the  right  to  force  divestiture  by  such
disqualified holder of such securities.  In the event that certain  disqualified
holders fail to divest  themselves of such securities,  the CCC has the power to
revoke or suspend the casino license affiliated with the Regulated Company which
issued the securities. If a holder is found unqualified,  it is unlawful for the




                                      -16-
<PAGE>


holder (i) to  exercise,  directly or through any trustee or nominee,  any right
conferred by such securities,  or (ii) to receive any dividends or interest upon
any such securities or any remuneration, in any form, from its affiliated casino
licensee for services rendered or otherwise.

         With respect to non-publicly-traded  securities, the Casino Control Act
and CCC Regulations require that the corporate charter or partnership  agreement
of a  Regulated  Company  establish  a right in the CCC of prior  approval  with
regard to transfers of  securities,  shares and other  interests and an absolute
right in the Regulated Company to repurchase at the market price or the purchase
price,  whichever is the lesser,  any such security,  share or other interest in
the event that the CCC disapproves a transfer.  With respect to  publicly-traded
securities,  such  corporate  charter or  partnership  agreement  is required to
establish  that any such  securities  of the  entity  are  held  subject  to the
conditions  that, if a holder  thereof is found to be  disqualified  by the CCC,
such holder shall dispose of such securities.

                 Interim Casino Authorization

         Interim  casino  authorization  is a process which permits a person who
enters into a contract to obtain property  relating to a casino operation or who
obtains publicly-traded securities relating to a casino licensee to close on the
contract or own the securities until plenary licensure or qualification.  During
the  period of  interim  authorization,  the  property  relating  to the  casino
operation or the securities are held in trust.

         Whenever  any person  enters into a contract to transfer  any  property
which relates to an ongoing casino operation, including a security of the casino
licensee  or a  holding  or  intermediary  company  or entity  qualifier,  under
circumstances  which would require that the  transferee  obtain  licensure or be
qualified under the Casino Control Act, and that person is not already  licensed
or qualified,  the  transferee  is required to apply for interim  authorization.
Furthermore,  the closing or settlement  date in the contract may not be earlier
than the 121st day after the submission of a complete  application for licensure
or  qualification  together  with a fully  executed  trust  agreement  in a form
approved by the CCC.  If,  after the report of the Division and a hearing by the
CCC, the CCC grants  interim  authorization,  the property  will be subject to a
trust.  If the CCC denies interim  authorization,  the contract may not close or
settle  until  the  CCC  makes  a  determination  on the  qualifications  of the
applicant. If the CCC denies qualification,  the contract will be terminated for
all purposes and there will be no liability on the part of the transferor.

         If, as the  result of a transfer  of  publicly-traded  securities  of a
licensee, a holding or intermediary company or entity qualifier of a licensee or
a financing  entity of a licensee,  any person is required to qualify  under the
Casino Control Act, that person is required to file an application for licensure
or qualification  within 30 days after the CCC determines that  qualification is
required or declines to waive  qualification.  The  application  must  include a
fully  executed  trust  agreement  in a form  approved  by the  CCC  or,  in the
alternative,  within 120 days after the CCC  determines  that  qualification  is
required, the person whose qualification is required must divest such securities
as the CCC may require in order to remove the need to qualify.




                                      -17-
<PAGE>


         The CCC may grant interim casino  authorization where it finds by clear
and  convincing  evidence  that: 1)  statements  of compliance  have been issued
pursuant to the Casino  Control Act; 2) the casino hotel is an approved hotel in
accordance with the Casino Control Act; 3) the trustee  satisfies  qualification
criteria  applicable  to key casino  employees,  except for residency and casino
experience;  and 4)  interim  operation  will best  serve the  interests  of the
public.

         When the CCC finds the applicant  qualified,  the trust will terminate.
If the CCC denies  qualification  to a person who has  received  interim  casino
authorization,  the trustee is required to endeavor, and is authorized, to sell,
assign, convey or otherwise dispose of the property subject to the trust to such
persons who are licensed or qualified or shall themselves  obtain interim casino
authorization.

         Where a holder of publicly-traded  securities is required,  in applying
for  qualification  as  a  financial  source  or  qualifier,  to  transfer  such
securities to a trust in application  for interim casino  authorization  and the
CCC thereafter orders that the trust become  operative:  (a) during the time the
trust is operative, the holder may not participate in the earnings of the casino
hotel or receive any return on its investment or debt security holdings; and (b)
after  disposition,   if  any,  of  the  securities  by  the  trustee,  proceeds
distributed to the  unqualified  holder may not exceed the lower of their actual
cost to the  unqualified  holder or their value  calculated as if the investment
had been made on the date the trust became operative.

                 Approved Hotel Facilities

         The CCC may permit a licensee, such as the Partnership, to increase its
casino space if the licensee  agrees to add a  prescribed  number of  qualifying
sleeping units within two years after the  commencement of gaming  operations in
the additional  casino space.  However,  if the casino licensee does not fulfill
such  agreement  due to  conditions  within its control,  the  licensee  will be
required to close the additional  casino space,  or any portion thereof that the
CCC determines should be closed.  Trump's Castle will not be required to add any
additional sleeping units in connection with its 3,000 square foot expansion for
simulcast race track wagering.

                 License Fees

         The CCC is  authorized  to  establish  annual  fees for the  renewal of
casino licenses.  The renewal fee is based upon the cost of maintaining  control
and regulatory  activities  prescribed by the Casino Control Act, and may not be
less than $200,000 for a two-year casino license. Additionally, casino licensees
are  subject to  potential  assessments  to fund any annual  operating  deficits
incurred by the CCC or the Division. There is also an annual license fee of $500
for each slot machine maintained for use or in use in any casino.

                 Gross Revenue Tax

         Each casino licensee is also required to pay an annual tax of 8% on its
gross  casino  revenues.  For the years ended  December  31, 1992 and 1993,  the
Partnership's gross revenue tax was approximately $19 million and $19.7 million,




                                      -18-
<PAGE>


respectively,  and its license,  investigations,  and other fees and assessments
totalled approximately $3.2 million and $2.6 million, respectively.

                 Investment Alternative Tax Obligations

         An investment  alternative  tax imposed on the gross casino revenues of
each  licensee in the amount of 2.5% is due and payable on the last day of April
following  the end of the  calendar  year.  A licensee is  obligated  to pay the
investment  alternative tax for a period of 25 years.  Estimated payments of the
investment  alternative tax obligation must be made quarterly in an amount equal
to 1.25% of estimated  gross  revenues  for the  preceding  three-month  period.
Investment tax credits may be obtained by making qualified investments or by the
purchase  of bonds  issued  by the  Casino  Reinvestment  Development  Authority
("CRDA").  CRDA  bonds may have terms as long as 50 years and bear  interest  at
below market rates,  resulting in a value lower than the face value of such CRDA
bonds.

         For the first 10 years of its  obligation,  the licensee is entitled to
an investment  tax credit against the  investment  alternative  tax in an amount
equal to twice the  purchase  price of bonds issued to the licensee by the CRDA.
Thereafter,  the  licensee  is (i)  entitled to an  investment  tax credit in an
amount  equal to twice the  purchase  price of such bonds or twice the amount of
its investments  authorized in lieu of such bond investments or made in projects
designated  as eligible  by the CRDA and (ii) has the option of entering  into a
contract with the CRDA to have its tax credit comprised of direct investments in
approved  eligible projects which may not comprise more than 50% of its eligible
tax credit in any one year.

         From the moneys made available to the CRDA, the CRDA is required to set
aside $100,000,000 for investment in hotel development projects in Atlantic City
undertaken by a licensee which result in the construction or  rehabilitation  of
at least 200 hotel rooms by December 31, 1996. The CRDA is required to determine
the amount each casino licensee may be eligible to receive out of the moneys set
aside.

                 Minimum Casino Parking Charges

         As of July 1, 1993,  each casino licensee was required to impose on and
collect from patrons a standard minimum parking charge of at least $2.00 for the
use of  parking,  space for the purpose of  parking,  garaging or storing  motor
vehicles in a parking  facility  owned or leased by a casino  licensee or by any
person on behalf of a casino  licensee.  Of the amount  collected  by the casino
licensee,  $1.50 is required to be paid to the New Jersey  State  Treasurer  and
paid by the New Jersey State Treasurer into a special fund  established and held
by the New Jersey State Treasurer for the exclusive use of the CRDA.

         Amounts  in the  special  fund  will be  expended  by the  CRDA for (i)
eligible  projects in the corridor  region of Atlantic City,  which projects are
related to the  improvement  of roads,  infrastructure,  traffic  regulation and
public  safety  and (ii)  funding up to 35% of the cost to casino  licensees  of
expanding their hotel facilities to provide  additional hotel rooms, which hotel
rooms are  required  to be  available  upon the  opening  of the  Atlantic  City
Convention Center and dedicated to convention events.




                                      -19-
<PAGE>


                 Conservatorship

         If, at any time,  it is  determined  that TC/GP,  TCHI,  Funding or the
Partnership  has  violated the Casino  Control Act or that any of such  entities
cannot meet the  qualification  requirements  of the Casino  Control  Act,  such
entity could be subject to fines or the  suspension or revocation of its license
or  qualification.  If the  Partnership's  license is suspended  for a period in
excess of 120 days or  revoked  or if the CCC  fails or  refuses  to renew  such
casino  license,  the CCC could appoint a conservator  to operate and dispose of
the Partnership's  casino hotel  facilities.  A conservator would be vested with
title to all property of the Partnership relating to the casino and the approved
hotel  subject to valid liens  and/or  encumbrances.  The  conservator  would be
required  to act under the  direct  supervision  of the CCC and would be charged
with the duty of  conserving,  preserving  and,  if  permitted,  continuing  the
operation  of the casino  hotel.  During the  period of the  conservatorship,  a
former or suspended  casino licensee is entitled to a fair rate of return out of
net earnings,  if any, on the property retained by the conservator.  The CCC may
also discontinue any  conservatorship  action and direct the conservator to take
such steps as are  necessary to effect an orderly  transfer of the property of a
former or  suspended  casino  licensee.  Such events could result in an event of
default under the indentures pursuant to which the Senior Notes,  Mortgage Notes
and PIK Notes were issued.

                 Employees

         All employees of the Partnership must be licensed by or registered with
the CCC,  depending on the nature of the position  held.  Casino  employees  are
subject to more stringent  requirements than non-casino  employees and must meet
applicable   standards   pertaining  to  financial   stability,   integrity  and
responsibility,  good  character,  honesty and integrity,  business  ability and
casino experience and New Jersey residency.  These requirements have resulted in
significant competition among Atlantic City casino operators for the services of
qualified employees.

                 Gaming Credit

         The  Partnership's  casino  games are  conducted on a credit as well as
cash basis.  Gaming debts arising in Atlantic City in accordance with applicable
regulations  are  enforceable  in the  courts  of the State of New  Jersey.  The
extension  of gaming  credit is subject to  regulations  that detail  procedures
which  casinos must follow when granting  gaming  credit and  recording  counter
checks which have been exchanged, redeemed or consolidated.

                 Control Procedures

         Gaming at  Trump's  Castle  is  conducted  by  trained  and  supervised
personnel.  The Partnership  employs extensive  security and internal  controls.
Security checks are made to determine,  among other matters, that job applicants
for key  positions  have  had no  criminal  history  or  associations.  Security
controls  utilized by the surveillance  department  include closed circuit video
cameras  to monitor  the casino  floor and money  counting  areas.  The count of
moneys from gaming is also observed daily by representatives of the CCC.




                                      -20-
<PAGE>


                 Other Laws and Regulations

         The United States  Department  of the Treasury has adopted  regulations
pursuant  to which a  casino  is  required  to file a  report  of each  deposit,
withdrawal, exchange of currency, gambling tokens or chips, or other payments or
transfers  by,  through,  or to such  casino  which  involves a  transaction  in
currency  of more than  $10,000 per patron,  per gaming  day.  Such  reports are
required to be made on forms prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury and are
filed with the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service (the "Service").  In
addition,  the Partnership is required to maintain  detailed records  (including
the names, addresses, social security numbers and other information with respect
to its gaming  customers)  dealing  with,  among  other  items,  the deposit and
withdrawal of funds and the  maintenance of a line of credit.  The Department of
the Treasury has adopted further  regulations,  the  effectiveness  of which has
been suspended until December 1994,  which will require the  Partnership,  among
other  things,  to keep  records of the name,  permanent  address  and  taxpayer
identification  number (or in the case of a  nonresident  alien,  such  person's
passport  number) of any person engaging in a currency  transaction in excess of
$3,000.  The  Partnership  is unable to predict what effect,  if any,  these new
reporting  obligations  will have on the  gaming  practices  of  certain  of its
patrons.

         In the past,  the Service had taken the position  that gaming  winnings
from table games by nonresident  aliens were subject to a 30%  withholding  tax;
however, the Service subsequently adopted a practice of not collecting such tax.
Recently enacted legislation exempts from withholding tax table game winnings by
nonresident  aliens,   unless  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  determines  by
regulation that such collections have become administratively feasible.

         As the  result  of an  audit  conducted  by  the  Office  of  Financial
Enforcement of the Department of the Treasury,  the  Partnership  was alleged to
have  failed to timely  file the  "Currency  Transaction  Report by  Casino"  in
connection  with currency  transactions  in excess of $10,000  during the period
from May 7, 1985 to December 31, 1988. The Partnership entered into a settlement
agreement and without admitting to any wrongdoing agreed to pay a civil monetary
penalty of $175,500. The Partnership has revised its internal control procedures
to ensure continued compliance with these regulations.

         The   Partnership  is  subject  to  other  federal,   state  and  local
regulations and, on a periodic basis,  must obtain various licenses and permits,
including those required to sell alcoholic  beverages.  The Partnership believes
that it has obtained all required licenses and permits to conduct its business.

         (d) Financial  Information  About Foreign and Domestic  Operations  and
Export Sales

         Not applicable.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES OF THE PARTNERSHIP.

         The Casino  Parcel.  Trump's  Castle is  located in the Marina  area of
Atlantic City on an approximately  14.7 acre  triangular-shaped  parcel of land,
which is owned by the Partnership in fee,  located at the  intersection of Huron




                                      -21-
<PAGE>


Avenue and Brigantine  Boulevard directly across from the Marina,  approximately
two miles from The Boardwalk.

         Trump's   Castle  has  70,000  square  feet  of  casino  space,   which
accommodates 94 table games (including 13 poker tables) and 2,098 slot machines.
In addition to the casino,  Trump's Castle consists of a 27 story hotel with 725
guest  rooms,  including  185 suites,  of which 99 are  "Crystal  Tower"  luxury
suites.  Renovation of 300 of the guest rooms was completed in 1993 and 250 more
guest rooms are  scheduled to be renovated by April of 1994.  The facility  also
offers nine  restaurants,  a 460 seat cabaret  theater,  two  cocktail  lounges,
58,000 square feet of  convention,  ballroom and meeting space, a swimming pool,
tennis  courts and a sports and health club  facility.  Trump's  Castle has been
designed so that it can be enlarged in phases into a facility  containing  2,000
rooms,  a 1,600 seat  cabaret  theater and  additional  recreational  amenities.
Trump's  Castle  also has a  nine-story  garage  providing  on-site  parking for
approximately  3,000  vehicles,  and a helipad which is located atop the parking
garage making  Trump's Castle the only Atlantic City casino with access by land,
sea and air.

         During 1993, Trump's Castle completed a 10,000 square foot expansion to
its casino  which has  enabled  Trump's  Castle to  increase  the number of slot
machines on the casino floor by 300 units,  to provide  more space  between slot
machines and to place stools in front of additional slot machines,  all of which
are  designed  to  provide  the gaming  patron  with a more  comfortable  gaming
experience.  Presently,  Trump's  Castle  is  undertaking  a 3,000  square  foot
expansion to  accommodate  the addition of simulcast  race track  wagering.  The
expansion  will also  increase  casino  access and casino  visibility  for hotel
patrons.  In addition,  Trump's Castle recently  completed the construction of a
Las Vegas style  marquee and reader  board,  the largest of its kind on the East
Coast.

         The Marina.  Pursuant to an agreement (the "Marina Agreement") with the
New  Jersey  Division  of Parks and  Forestry,  the  Partnership  in 1987  began
operating and renovating the Marina,  including docks  containing  approximately
600 slips. An elevated  pedestrian  walkway  connecting  Trump's Castle to a two
story  building  at the  Marina  was  completed  in 1989.  The  Partnership  has
reconstructed the two-story  building,  which contains a 240 seat restaurant and
offices as well as a snack bar and a large  nautical  theme  retail  store.  Any
improvements  made to the  Marina  (which is owned by the State of New  Jersey),
excluding the elevated pedestrian walkway,  automatically become the property of
the State of New Jersey upon their completion.  Pursuant to the Marina Agreement
and pursuant to a certain  lease  between the State of New Jersey,  as landlord,
and the  Partnership as tenant,  dated as of September 1, 1990, the  Partnership
commenced leasing the Marina and the improvements thereon for an initial term of
twenty-five  years.  The lease is a net lease pursuant to which the Partnership,
in  addition to the payment of annual rent equal to the greater of (i) a certain
percentage  of gross  revenues and (ii)  minimum base rent of $300,000  annually
(increasing  every five years to $500,000 in 2011), is responsible for all costs
and  expenses  related  to the  premises,  including  but not  limited  to,  all
maintenance and repair costs, insurance premiums, real estate taxes, assessments
and utility charges.




                                      -22-
<PAGE>


         Parking  Parcel.  The  Partnership  also owns an  employee  parking lot
located on Route 30,  approximately  two miles from  Trump's  Castle,  which can
accommodate approximately 1,000 cars.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

         The Partnership,  its partners, certain members of the former Executive
Committee, Funding, and certain of their employees are involved in various legal
proceedings, some of which are described below. The Partnership and Funding have
agreed to  indemnify  such  persons  and  entities  against  any and all losses,
claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable costs, disbursements and counsel
fees) and  liabilities  (including  amounts paid or incurred in  satisfaction of
settlements,  judgments,  fines and  penalties)  incurred  by them in said legal
proceedings.  Such persons and entities are vigorously defending the allegations
against them and intend to vigorously contest any future proceedings.

         Bondholder Litigation. Since June 1990, various purported class actions
were  commenced  on behalf of the  holders  of  Funding's  Old Bonds  which were
outstanding  prior to the consummation of the prepackaged plan of reorganization
under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy  Code,  and the publicly  traded bonds of the
Other Trump Casinos.

         By an order of the Judicial  Panel on  Multidistrict  Litigation  dated
December  4, 1990,  the United  States  District  Court for the  District of New
Jersey  (the  "Court")  was given  jurisdiction  over these  class  actions  for
coordinated  consolidated pretrial proceedings.  Pursuant to an Order of the New
Jersey District Court, on or about March 1, 1991,  plaintiffs in the class filed
an amended and  consolidated  complaint (the  "Complaint")  that  superseded the
complaints originally filed in those actions.

         On March 5, 1992, the parties  executed a Stipulation  and Agreement of
Compromise and Settlement (the "Stipulation of Settlement"),  which embodied the
agreement  contained in a Memorandum of  Understanding,  dated July 30, 1991. On
March 10, 1992, the Court preliminarily approved the terms and conditions of the
Settlement  proposed in the  Stipulation of Settlement  (the  "Settlement")  and
certified  a  settlement  class  (the  "Settlement  Class").  On May 21,  1992 a
settlement  hearing  was held  before  the  Court  and the  Court  approved  the
Settlement and determined  that the Settlement was fair,  reasonable,  adequate,
and in the best interest of the Settlement Class.

         Under the terms of the  Settlement,  the holders of Funding's  publicly
traded  bonds  outstanding  prior to the  Restructuring  will  receive:  (1) the
Litigation  Warrants,  giving holders thereof the right to purchase common stock
reflecting an indirect .50% of the equity of the  Partnership on a fully diluted
basis, which Litigation Warrants contain an option,  pursuant to which for a six
month period commencing March 2000 the holders thereof can require the issuer to
repurchase  such  Litigation  Warrants  at an  aggregate  exercise  price  of $4
million,  subject  to  certain  terms and  conditions  set out more fully in the
Memorandum  of  Understanding,  but which  include  payment in full of the Bonds
(which condition has been satisfied),  satisfaction of the mortgage securing the
Midlantic  Term Loan, the  Partnership  earning net income of $20 million in the




                                      -23-
<PAGE>


aggregate for the years 1997,  1998 and 1999, and holders of at least 60% of the
Litigation Warrants electing to exercise the option; and (2) a settlement in the
amount of $1,350,000 in cash,  which will be used to satisfy the costs of notice
and administration as well as to compensate plaintiffs.

         Other Litigation. Various legal proceedings are now pending against the
Partnership.  The  Partnership  considers  all such  proceedings  to be ordinary
litigation  incident to the  character  of its  business.  The  majority of such
claims are covered by liability  insurance (subject to applicable  deductibles),
and the Partnership  believes that the resolution of these claims, to the extent
not covered by insurance,  will not,  individually  or in the aggregate,  have a
material  adverse effect on the financial  condition or results of operations of
the Partnership.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

         On December  28, 1993,  Funding  obtained the consent of the holders of
$322,855,072  outstanding  principal  amount of Bonds (96.2%) to an amendment of
the  indenture  pursuant  to which the Bonds were issued  shortening  the notice
period for the redemption of the Bonds. The holders of $173,000 principal amount
of Bonds (.05%)  voted  against such  amendment  and the holders of  $12,698,321
principal amount of Bonds (3.8%) abstained.





                                      -24-
<PAGE>


                                    PART II


ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR FUNDING'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

         (a)  There  is no  established  public  trading  market  for  Funding's
outstanding Common Stock.

         (b) As of  December  31,  1993,  there was one  holder of record of the
outstanding Common Stock of Funding.

         (c) Funding has paid no cash dividends on its Common Stock.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION.

         The  following  sets  forth  certain  selected  consolidated  financial
information  from  Funding's and the  Partnership's  Consolidated  Statements of
Operations  for the years ended  December 31, 1989,  1990,  1991,  1992 and 1993
respectively, and the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1989, 1990,
1991, 1992 and 1993 respectively:




                                      -25-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                          1989              1990              1991             1992(1)         1993(2)
                                          ----              ----              ----             -------         -------

INCOME STATEMENT DATA:
  <S>                                 <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>             <C>         
  Gross Revenues                      $338,508,000      $302,223,000      $247,968,000     $299,306,000    $304,826,000
  Less-Promotional Allowances           43,777,000        33,391,000        27,882,000       30,656,000      31,599,000
                                      ------------      ------------      ------------     ------------    ------------
  Net Revenues                         294,731,000       268,832,000       220,086,000      268,650,000     273,227,000
  Total Costs and Expenses             260,307,000       267,583,000       222,446,000      260,623,000     245,361,000
                                      ------------      ------------      ------------     ------------    ------------
  Income (Loss) from                    34,424,000         1,249,000       (2,360,000)        8,027,000      27,866,000
    Continuing Operations
  Interest Income                        1,712,000           893,000           505,000          499,000         675,000
  Interest Expense                     (43,300,000)      (48,759,000)      (48,344,000)     (45,360,000)    (56,926,000)
  Gain on Sinking Fund Payment               -             3,136,000             -                -               -
  Extraordinary Item(3)                      -                 -                 -          128,187,000           -
  Benefit for State Income Tax             486,000             -                 -                - _             -
                                      ------------      ------------      ------------     ------------    ------------
  Net Income (Loss)                    ($6,678,000)     ($43,481,000)     ($50,199,000)      $91,353,000   ($28,385,000)
                                      ============      ============      ============     ============    ============
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Cash and cash equivalents            $14,600,000        $8,046,000       $14,972,000       $23,610,000    $20,439,000
  Total assets                         439,775,000       408,276,000       391,303,000       379,641,000    375,935,000
  Current Liabilities                   74,357,000       421,483,000       454,709,000        39,397,000     34,463,000
  Total long-term debt(4)              335,144,000             -                 -           279,445,000    309,794,000
  Total capital (deficit)               30,274,000       (13,207,000)      (63,406,000)       60,799,000     31,678,000


</TABLE>


Notes:  (1) On May 29, 1992,  Funding,  the  Partnership  and  TCHI  consummated
            the  Plan,  which  materially   affects  the  comparability  of  the
            information set forth above.

        (2) On December 28, 1993, the  Partnership  and its affiliated  entities
            consummated  the  Recapitalization,  which  materially  affects  the
            comparability of the information set forth above.

        (3) The extraordinary gain of $128,187,000,  for year ended December 31,
            1992 reflects a $96,896,000 accounting adjustment to carry the Bonds
            at fair market value based on current  rates of interest at the date
            of  issuance,   an  $18,000,000   forgiveness  of  bank  borrowings,
            $22,805,000  representing  discharge of accrued  interest and net of
            the write-off of $9,514,000 of unamortized Bond issuance costs.

        (4) Long-term debt of $337,649,000  and  $340,553,000 as of December 31,
            1990 and 1991 had been classified as a current liability.




                                      -26-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         FIRST               SECOND                THIRD               FOURTH
                                                        QUARTER              QUARTER              QUARTER              QUARTER

<S>                                                   <C>                  <C>                  <C>                  <C>        
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA:

1993:
Net Revenues                                          $61,522,000          $67,866,000          $78,361,000          $65,478,000

Income (Loss) from Operations                           2,350,000            5,204,000           14,445,000            5,867,000

Net Income (Loss)                                      (8,746,000)          (5,900,000)           1,864,000          (15,603,000)

1992:

Net Revenues                                        $  60,348,000        $  65,258,000        $  79,215,000        $  63,829,000

Income (Loss) from Operations                            (268,000)          (1,446,000)          10,218,000              873,000

Extraordinary Items                                          --            128,187,000                 --                   --

Net Income (Loss)                                     (13,173,000)         115,238,000             (651,000)         (10,061,000)

1991:

Net Revenues                                        $  50,633,000        $  51,887,000        $  63,573,000        $  53,993,000

Income (Loss) from Operations                          (2,080,000)          (2,177,000)           4,799,000           (2,902,000)

Net Income (Loss)                                     (14,150,000)         (14,102,000)          (7,186,000)         (14,761,000)

</TABLE>



                                      -27-
<PAGE>


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATION.

         General.  In 1990,  the  Partnership  began  experiencing  a  liquidity
problem that culminated in the  Restructuring,  which was consummated on May 29,
1992.  Results of operations of the Partnership  through  December 31, 1992 were
affected  by the  Restructuring,  which  resulted  in an  extraordinary  gain of
approximately  $128.2  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  1992.  The
Partnership's  business is highly competitive,  and any future expansions by the
Mashantucket  Pequot  Nation or new gaming  ventures  by other  Native  American
tribes or other  persons  in the  Northeastern  or  mid-Atlantic  regions of the
United States could have a material adverse effect on the  Partnership's  future
financial condition and results of operations. See "Competition" above.

         The  financial  information  presented  below  reflects  the results of
operations of the  Partnership.  Since Funding has no business  operations,  its
results of operations are not discussed below.

         Results of Operations  for the Years Ended  December 31, 1993 and 1992.
The  Partnership's  net revenues (gross revenues less promotional  expenses) for
the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992 totaled  approximately $273.2 million
and $268.7 million,  respectively,  representing a $4.5 million (1.7%) increase.
Gaming  revenues were  approximately  $246.4 million for the year ended December
31,  1993 and  $242.0  million  for the  comparable  period in 1992.  Management
believes the $4.4 million  (1.8%)  increase in gaming  revenues is  attributable
primarily to a continuing  emphasis on customer  service and a repositioning  by
Trump's Castle to expand profitable market segments.

         Gaming revenue is comprised of table game win and slot machine win. For
the  years  ended  December  31,  1993  and  1992,  slot win at  Trump's  Castle
approximated $173.0 million and $164.3 million, respectively. Dollars wagered on
slot machines  totaled  approximately  $1,851.4 million and $1,682.9 million for
the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively,  with a win percentage
of 9.3% in 1993 and 9.8% in 1992,  respectively.  The lower slot win  percentage
(slot win as a  percentage  of  dollars  wagered on slot  machines)  of 9.3% was
largely   intentional  and  designed  by  Trump's  Castle  in  order  to  remain
competitive and stimulate  patron play. Slot machine  wagerings  increased 10.0%
and slot win  increased  5.3% for the year  ended  December  31,  1993  over the
comparable period in 1992. For the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, table
game win at  Trump's  Castle  approximated  $73.4  million  and  $77.7  million,
respectively.  During  these  periods,  dollars  wagered on table games  totaled
approximately  $492.1  million with a win percentage of 14.9% in 1993 and $504.5
million with a win percentage of 15.4% in 1992.

         For the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992,  gaming credit extended
to  customers  was  approximately   28.9%  and  28.1%  of  overall  table  play,
respectively. At December 31, 1993, gaming receivables amounted to approximately
$7.3 million, net of allowances for doubtful gaming receivables of approximately
$1.9 million,  an increase of approximately $2.5 million over gaming receivables
of  $4.8  million,   net  of  allowances  for  doubtful  gaming  receivables  of
approximately $2.7 million as of December 31, 1992.




                                      -28-
<PAGE>


         Nongaming  revenues  at Trump's  Castle  increased  approximately  $1.2
million from $57.3  million for the twelve  months ended  December 31, 1992,  to
$58.5  million  for  the  comparable   period  in  1993.  This  improvement  was
attributable  primarily to an increase in rooms revenue of $ 1.9 million (10.5%)
to  approximately  $19.6 million for the year ended  December 31, 1993, of which
$12.2  million  consisted of  complimentary  rooms.  This increase was partially
offset by a decline in food and beverage  revenues of $0.8 million  (-2.4%),  to
$30.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1993, of which approximately $15.9
million consisted of complimentary food and beverage.  Room occupancy at Trump's
Castle  was  88.0%  and  85.8%,  including  occupancy  of 55.3% and 50.7% of the
available rooms by patrons receiving  complimentary  rooms, and the average rate
was  approximately  $78 and $76 for the years ended  December 31, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  The average  rate showed  modest  growth  primarily  from pricing
casino room  promotional  allowances at competitive  levels in the Atlantic City
market.  While the number of customers  served in the food and beverage  outlets
increased in 1993, food and beverage revenues declined as a result of a decrease
in the average  guest check.  As a percentage  of gaming  revenues,  promotional
allowances did not vary significantly from year to year.

         General  and  administrative   expenses  decreased  approximately  $2.9
million  (5.5%) for the year ended  December  31,  1993 as compared to the prior
year.  While  gaming  revenues  improved  in 1993,  gaming  costs  and  expenses
decreased  for the year ended  December 31, 1993 by $1.0  million  (.6%) and all
other  costs  and  expenses   excluding   Depreciation   and   Amortization  and
Reorganization  costs decreased $2.1 million (6.3%).  The reduction in operating
expenses was due to previously  established cost containment  measures including
the discontinuance of certain marketing programs. Such measures were implemented
to improve  overall  operating  efficiencies  while  remaining  competitive  and
focusing on long range marketing goals.

         For the year ended  December 31, 1993,  depreciation  and  amortization
decreased $3.4 million (-17.1%) over the comparable period in 1992, primarily as
a result of the impact of fully  depreciated  assets as well as the discharge of
the  outstanding  deferred  bond costs which were  eliminated as a result of the
Plan of Reorganization.

         Reorganization  costs were not  incurred in 1993,  compared to costs of
$6.0  million  for the same  period  in 1992 due to the Plan of  Reorganization,
which was completed on May 29, 1992.

         Income from Trump's  Castle's  operations  improved  $19.8  million (or
$13.8 million excluding  restructuring costs) as a result of increased revenues,
previously  implemented  cost containment  measures and a continued  emphasis on
customer  service for the year ended  December  31, 1993 as compared to the same
period in 1992.

         Interest  expense  increased for the twelve month period ended December
31, 1993 by approximately  $11.6 million.  The $11.6 million  increase  includes
nonrecurring recapitalization costs of approximately $9.0 million.




                                      -29-
<PAGE>


         The  Partnership  experienced  a net loss of $28.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 1993 and a profit of $91.4 million,  primarily as a result of
the Plan of Reorganization, during the comparable period in 1992.

         Results of Operations  for the Years Ended  December 31, 1992 and 1991.
Net revenues (gross  revenues,  less  promotional  expenses) for the years ended
December  31, 1992 and 1991  totalled  approximately  $268.7  million and $220.1
million,  respectively.  Gaming revenues were  approximately  $242.0 million and
$194.8 million in 1992 and 1991, respectively.  Management believes the increase
in gaming revenues in 1992 of 24.3% is attributable to improved customer service
and a refocusing of marketing efforts to reduce unprofitable market segments.

         For the  years  ended  December  31,  1992  and  1991,  table  game win
approximated  $77.7 million and $67.6 million and slot win  approximated  $164.3
million and $127.2 million,  respectively.  During these periods, table game win
percentage was 15.4% in 1992 and 15.3% in 1991.  Slot win percentage in 1992 was
9.8%  and 9.9% in 1991.  The  lower  slot  win  percentage  in 1992 was  largely
intentional and designed to remain  competitive and stimulate  patron play. Slot
machine wagerings  increased 31.6% for the twelve months ended December 31, 1992
over the comparable period in 1991, while slot machine revenue increased 29.2%.

         The Partnership elected to discontinue certain Progressive Slot Jackpot
Programs  which  positively  impacted  slot revenue by $1.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 1992.

         During the year ended  December 31,  1992,  gaming  credit  extended to
customers was  approximately  28.1% of overall table play. At December 31, 1992,
gaming receivables amounted to approximately $4.8 million, net of allowances for
doubtful gaming receivables of approximately $2.7 million.

         Nongaming  revenues  increased  approximately  $4.1  million from $53.2
million in 1991 to $57.3  million in 1992.  This  improvement  was  attributable
primarily  to an  increase  in food and  beverage  revenues  of 10.8% in 1992 as
compared to 1991 and an increase in revenues from hotel rooms of 7.1% in 1992 as
compared to 1991. Revenues from food and beverage sales for this period amounted
to approximately  $31.4 million,  of which approximately $16.1 million consisted
of complimentary food and beverage. Revenues from hotel rooms during this period
amounted to  approximately  $17.8 million,  of which $11.0 million  consisted of
complimentary  rooms.  Trump's  Castle's  average hotel occupancy rate, based on
available  rooms,  was  85.8%  in  1992,  including  occupancy  of  50.7% of the
available  rooms by patrons  receiving  complimentary  rooms.  The average  rate
remained constant  primarily from pricing casino room promotional  allowances at
competitive  levels in the  Atlantic  City market.  Food and  beverage  revenues
improved as the marketing  emphasis was shifted from attracting large numbers of
mass  market  gaming  patrons to upscale  patrons  with higher  gaming  budgets.
Offsetting  the  nongaming  revenue  increase  was an  increase  in  promotional
allowances  of $2.8  million.  Promotional  allowances as a percentage of gaming
revenues declined to 12.7% in 1992 from 14.3% in 1991.




                                      -30-
<PAGE>


         Gaming costs and  expenses  increased  for the year ended  December 31,
1992 by $29.6  million (or 24.8%) and all other  operating  expenses,  excluding
depreciation and amortization and  restructuring  costs,  increased $7.3 million
(or 9.5%). The  comparatively  lower  percentage  increase in other expenses (as
compared  to the  percentage  increase  in  gaming  expenses)  was  due to  cost
containment  measures,   including  payroll  reductions  and  discontinuance  of
unprofitable  marketing  programs.  Such  measures were  implemented  to improve
overall operating efficiencies while remaining competitive and dedicated to long
range marketing goals.

         Depreciation  and   amortization   declined  $1.6  million  (7.5%)  due
primarily to the implementation of cost containment  measures related to capital
expenditures.

         Income from operations  improved $11.7 million primarily as a result of
revenue improvements and the continuation of cost containment measures.

         The  Partnership  generated a net income of $91.4  million for the year
ended  December  31,  1992 and  incurred  a net loss of  $50.2  million  for the
comparable  period  in  1991.  The net  income  of  $91.4  million  includes  an
extraordinary gain, as a result of the Plan of Reorganization, of $128.2 million
offset by litigation expenses of $1.4 million.

         Inflation.  There  was  no  significant  impact  on  the  Partnership's
operations as a result of inflation during 1993, 1992 and 1991.

         Liquidity and Capital Resources. Cash flow from operating activities is
the Partnership's principal source of liquidity. For the year ended December 31,
1993, the  Partnership's  net cash flow provided by operating  activities before
cash debt service  obligations was $24.7 million and cash debt service was $33.8
million,  resulting in net cash used by operating  activities  of $9.1  million.
Cash and cash  equivalents  of $20.4  million at December  31,  1993  reflects a
reduction  of $3.0 million  from $23.6  million at December  31, 1992.  The $3.2
million  reduction  in  cash  was due to the  $9.1  million  used  by  operating
activities,  $10.4 million used to acquire  capital assets and $3.0 million used
to purchase CRDA  investments  ($22.3 million in the aggregate)  offset by a net
$19.3 million provided by financing activities.

         Upon  consummation  of  the  Recapitalization  in  December  1993,  the
Partnership  had a working  capital  surplus  of $2.2  million  which  amount is
adequate to meet its needs for cash. The Partnership believes that this level of
working  capital is adequate to sustain  existing  operations in the foreseeable
future.

         The  effect  of  the  Recapitalization  on  the  Partnership's  capital
structure has been to increase the  Partnership's  weighted average cost of debt
from approximately  9.43% to approximately  11.74%. The increase in the weighted
average  cost  of debt  capital  will  be  offset,  at  least  initially,  by an
approximately  $23 million decrease in the principal amount of the Partnership's
outstanding  indebtedness  and by a reduction  in the cash  required to meet the
Partnership's  debt service  obligations in the near future.  As a result of the
Recapitalization,  the Partnership's  consolidated indebtedness has been reduced
from $381  million to $358  million.  The  pay-in-kind  feature of the PIK Notes
could,  however,  result in an additional $130 million of indebtedness  over the
next ten  years,  assuming  all  accrued  interest  on the PIK  Notes is paid in




                                      -31-
<PAGE>


additional  PIK  Notes.  It is  projected  that  the  Partnership  will  require
approximately  $31.4 million in 1994 and $36.1 million in 1995 in operating cash
flow to meet its debt service  obligations.  If necessary,  the  Partnership may
seek to obtain a credit  facility  of up to $10 million in  principal  amount to
fund any shortfall in cash available to meet debt service obligations.

         Capital  expenditures  of $11.0 million for the year ended December 31,
1993 increased  approximately $2.4 million due primarily to the expansion of the
casino floor and the  construction of an electronic  graphic sign affixed to the
front of the building. Capital expenditures were $8.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 1992 and included the  Partnership's  remaining  obligation  on the
Marina Roadway and the acquisition of new slot machines.

         The  lower  level  of  capital  expenditures  for 1992 and 1991 of $8.6
million and $5.1 million,  respectively,  reflected the Partnership's  liquidity
problems. Anticipated capital expenditures for 1994 are approximately $8 million
and include casino floor improvements, renovation of certain hotel rooms and the
purchase  of  additional  slot  machines  for the casino  expansion.  Management
believes that currently planned future levels of capital  expenditures  would be
sufficient to maintain the  attractiveness  of Trump's Castle and the aesthetics
of its casino,  hotel rooms and other public areas.  The Partnership  intends to
finance its capital  expenditures  in the future with  existing cash on hand and
cash flow from operations.

         Management  also believes,  based upon its current level of operations,
that although the Partnership is highly leveraged,  it will continue to have the
ability to pay interest on its  indebtedness  and to pay other  liabilities with
funds from  operations  for the  foreseeable  future.  However,  there can be no
assurance  to  that  effect.  In  the  event  that  circumstances   change,  the
Partnership may seek to obtain a working capital  facility of up to $10 million,
although  there can be no  assurance  that such  financing  will be available on
terms acceptable to the Partnership.


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

         An index to  financial  statements  and  required  financial  statement
schedules is set forth at Item 14.


ITEM 9.  DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

         None.




                                      -32-
<PAGE>


                                    PART III


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.

         All decisions  affecting  the business and affairs of the  Partnership,
including the operation of Trump's Castle,  are decided by the general  partners
acting by and  through a Board of  Partner  Representatives,  which  includes  a
minority of  Representatives  elected  indirectly by the holders of the Mortgage
Notes and PIK Notes  (the  "Board of  Partner  Representatives").  As  currently
constituted,  the Board of Partner Representatives  consists of Donald J. Trump,
Chairman,  Nicholas  L.  Ribis,  Roger  P.  Wagner,  Ernest  E.  East,  Asher O.
Pacholder,  Thomas F. Leahy and Wallace B. Askins. Messrs. Trump, Ribis and East
also serve on the governing  boards of Trump Taj Mahal  Associates  ("TTMA") and
Trump Plaza Associates ("TPA").

         The  Partnership  also has an Audit Committee on which Mr. Ribis serves
with Mr. Leahy and Mr.  Askins,  who have been  appointed  thereto in accordance
with the requirements of the CCC. The Audit Committee reviews matters of policy,
purpose,  responsibilities and authority and makes  recommendations with respect
thereto  on the basis of  reports  made  directly  to the Audit  Committee.  The
Surveillance  Department  is  responsible  for the  surveillance,  detection and
video-taping of unusual and illegal activities in the casino hotel. The Internal
Audit  Department  is  responsible  for the review of,  reporting  instances  of
noncompliance  with,  and  recommending  procedures  to  eliminate  weakness  in
internal controls.

         The sole  director  of  Funding  is  Trump.  Trump  also  serves as its
Chairman of the Board,  President and Treasurer.  Patricia M. Wild serves as its
Secretary, and Robert E. Schaffhauser serves as its Assistant Treasurer.

         Set forth below are the names,  ages,  positions  and offices held with
Funding  and the  Partnership  and a brief  account of the  business  experience
during   the  past  five   years  of  each   member  of  the  Board  of  Partner
Representatives,  the executive officers of Funding and the Partnership, and the
director of Funding.

         Donald J. Trump -- Trump,  47 years old, has been the managing  general
partner of the Partnership and Chairman of the Board of Partner  Representatives
since May 1992 and Chairman of the Board, President and sole director of Funding
since June 1985.  Trump has been the  President and sole director of TC/GP since
December  1993.  Trump  served as Chairman  of the  Executive  Committee  of the
Partnership  from June 1985 to May 1992 and as  President  and sole  director of
TC/GP from November 1991 to May 1992. Trump has been a director and Treasurer of
TCHI since April 17, 1985. Trump is the sole shareholder,  Chairman of the Board
of Directors, President and Treasurer of Trump Plaza Funding, Inc. ("TPFI"), the
managing  general  partner of TPA. Trump was President and Chairman of the Board
of Directors and a 50% shareholder of TP/GP Corp. ("TP/GP"), the former managing
general  partner of TPA,  from May 1992 through  June 1993;  and Chairman of the
Executive  Committee and  President of TPA from May 1986 to May 1992.  Trump has
been a director  and  President  of Trump Plaza  Holding,  Inc.  ("TPHI")  and a
partner in Trump Plaza Holding  Associates  ("TPHA") since February 1993.  Trump
was Chairman of the Executive Committee of TTMA, from




                                      -33-
<PAGE>


June 1988 to October  1991;  and has been  Chairman of the Board of Directors of
the managing  general  partner of TTMA since October 1991;  and President of the
Trump Organization,  which has been in the business,  through its affiliates and
subsidiaries,  of acquiring,  developing and managing real estate properties for
more than the past five years.  Trump was a member of the Board of  Directors of
Alexander's Inc. from 1987 to March 1992.

                 Nicholas  L.  Ribis  -- Mr.  Ribis,  49 years  old,  has been a
partner  representative on the Board of Partner  Representatives  since May 1992
and Chief Executive  Officer of the Partnership  since March 1991. Mr. Ribis has
served as Vice President and Assistant Secretary of TCHI since December 1993 and
January  1991,  respectively.  Mr.  Ribis  served as a member  of the  Executive
Committee  of the  Partnership  from April 1991 to May 1992 and as  Secretary of
TC/GP from November 1991 to May 1992.  Mr. Ribis has served as Vice President of
TC/GP since December 1993. Mr. Ribis has served as a director of TPHI since June
1993 and of TPFI since July 1993; as a director and Vice President of TP/GP from
May 1992 to June 1993; Chief Executive Officer of TPA since February 1991; and a
member of the  Executive  Committee  of TPA from April 1991 to May 1992.  He has
been Chief Executive Officer of TTMA since March 1991; a member of the Executive
Committee of TTMA from April 1991 to October 1991;  and a member of the Board of
Directors of the  managing  general  partner of TTMA since  October  1991.  From
January  1980 to  January  1991,  Mr.  Ribis was  Senior  Partner  in, and since
February  1991 is  Counsel  to,  the law firm of Ribis,  Graham & Curtin,  which
serves as New Jersey  legal  counsel to all of the  above-named  companies,  and
certain of their  affiliated  entities.  Mr. Ribis serves as the Chairman of the
Atlantic City Casino Association and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the
CRDA.

                 Ernest E. East -- Mr.  East,  51 years old,  has been a partner
representative  on the Board of Partner  Representatives  since May 1992 and has
been  Senior Vice  President  --  Administrative  and  Corporate  Affairs of the
Partnership  since July 1991.  Mr. East has served as  Secretary  of TC/GP since
December 1993.  Mr. East has been a director of TPHI since June 1993;  Secretary
of TPFI since July 1992; Senior Vice President --  Administrative  and Corporate
Affairs of TPA since July 1991;  Senior Vice  President  --  Administrative  and
Corporate  Affairs  of TTMA  since  July  1991;  and a  member  of the  Board of
Directors of the managing  general  partner of TTMA since October 1991. Mr. East
was formerly the Vice President -- General  Counsel of the Del Webb  Corporation
from January 1984 through June 1991.

                 Roger P. Wagner -- Mr. Wagner, 46 years old, has been a partner
representative  on the  Board  of  Partner  Representatives  since  May 1992 and
President and Chief Operating Officer of the Partnership since January 1991. Mr.
Wagner served as a member of the  Executive  Committee of the  Partnership  from
January 1991 to May 1992.  Mr.  Wagner has been a director and president of TCHI
since  January  1991.  Prior to joining the  Partnership,  Mr.  Wagner served as
President of the Claridge Hotel Casino from June 1985 to January 1991.

                 Asher O. Pacholder -- Dr.  Pacholder,  56 years old, has been a
partner  representative of the Board of Partner  Representatives since May 1992.
Dr.  Pacholder  served as a director and the President of TC/GP from May 1992 to
December  1993.  Dr.  Pacholder has served as Chairman of the Board and Managing
Director of Pacholder Associates, Inc., an investment advisory firm, since 1987.
In addition,  Dr.  Pacholder  serves on the Board of Directors of The  Southland




                                      -34-
<PAGE>


Corporation, United Gas Holding Corp., ICO, Inc., an oil field services company,
UF&G  Pacholder  Fund,  Inc., a publicly  traded  closed end mutual  fund,  U.S.
Trails,  Inc.,  a  recreational  facility  company,  and Forum  Group,  Inc.,  a
retirement community managerial company.

                 Wallace  B.  Askins -- Mr.  Askins,  63 years  old,  has been a
partner  representative of the Board of Partner  Representatives since May 1992.
Mr.  Askins served as a director of TC/GP from May 1992 to December  1993.  From
1987 to November  1992,  Mr. Askins served as Executive  Vice  President,  Chief
Financial  Officer and as a director of Armco Inc.  Mr.  Askins also serves as a
director of EnviroSource, Inc.

                 Thomas F. Leahy -- Mr.  Leahy,  56 years old, has been a Member
of the Board of Partner  Representatives  since June 1993. Mr. Leahy served as a
director  and  Treasurer of TC/GP from May 1992 to December  1993.  From 1987 to
July 1992, Mr. Leahy served as Executive Vice President of CBS Broadcast  Group,
a unit of CBS, Inc.  Since  November  1992, Mr. Leahy has served as President of
the Theater  Development  Fund, a service  organization for the performing arts.
From July 1992  through  November  1992,  Mr.  Leahy  served as  chairman  of VT
Properties,  Inc., a privately-held corporation which invests in literary, stage
and film properties.

                 Patrick R.  Dennehy  -- Mr.  Dennehy,  45 years  old,  has been
Executive Vice President of Operations of the  Partnership  since November 1992.
Prior to joining the  Partnership,  Mr. Dennehy was with Harrah's  Atlantic City
from 1980 until 1992 in the capacity of Director of Gaming Operations,  Director
of Casino Marketing, Director of Casino Credit and Cashier Manager.

                 Patricia M. Wild -- Ms. Wild, 41 years old, has been  Secretary
of Funding and Senior Vice President and General  Counsel of the Partnership and
Secretary of TCHI since December 1993. Ms. Wild served as Assistant Secretary of
TPFI and Vice  President,  General Counsel of TPA from February 1991 to December
1993; Vice President and General Counsel of TPFI from July 1992 through December
1993; and Associate  General  Counsel of TPA from May 1989 through January 1991.
From December 1986 to April 1989, Ms. Wild served as Deputy Attorney  General on
the  Environmental  Prosecutions  Task Force of the New Jersey Department of Law
and Public  Safety,  Division of Criminal  Justice.  From April 1983 to December
1986, Ms. Wild served as Deputy Attorney General with the New Jersey Division of
Gaming Enforcement.

                 Thomas P. Venier -- Mr.  Venier,  42 years old, has been Senior
Vice President of Strategic  Development and Planning of the  Partnership  since
January 1994 and was Senior Vice  President of Finance of the  Partnership  from
September 1991 to January 1994. Mr. Venier has been Chief  Financial  Officer of
TC/GP since May 1992.  Mr.  Venier has been  Assistant  Treasurer  of TCHI since
March 1992.  Previously,  Mr. Venier served as Vice  President of Finance of the
Partnership from May 1988 to September 1991 and Director of Financial Accounting
from July 1985 to April 1988.




                                      -35-
<PAGE>


                 Nicholas  J. Niglio -- Mr.  Niglio  joined the  Partnership  as
Executive Vice  President-Marketing in October 1993. Mr Niglio previously served
as Senior  Vice  President  of Eastern  Operations  of Caesars  World  Marketing
Corporation  for three years.  Prior to that he served as Vice  President-Casino
Manager at Caesars Atlantic City for three years.

                 Robert  E.  Schaffhauser  -- Mr.  Schaffhauser,  47 years  old,
joined the  Partnership  as Senior Vice President of Finance in January 1994 and
also became an Assistant Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
Officer of Funding and an Assistant Treasurer of TCHI and TC/GP in January 1994.
He served as a consultant to Trump during the  immediately  preceding  year. Mr.
Schaffhauser   previously  served  as  Senior  Vice  President  of  Finance  and
Administration for the Sands Hotel & Casino in Atlantic City for four years. For
a period of 13 years prior thereto, he served as the Chief Financial Officer and
Secretary  for Metex  Corporation,  a publicly held  manufacturer  of engineered
products.  Mr. Schaffhauser also served as a member of Metex Corporation's Board
of Directors.

                 John P.  Burke  -- Mr.  Burke,  46  years  old,  has  been  the
Corporate Treasurer of the Partnership and TPA since October 1991. Mr. Burke has
been Chief Accounting Officer of TC/GP since May 1992. Mr. Burke has been a Vice
President of TCHI,  TC/GP,  Funding and the Partnership since December 1993. Mr.
Burke has been Vice President of The Trump Organization since September 1990. He
is a member of the Board of Directors of the managing  general  partner of TTMA.
Mr. Burke was an Executive  Vice President and Chief  Administrative  Officer of
Imperial  Corporation of America  ("Imperial") from April 1989 through September
1990.  Previously he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Tamco Enterprises, Inc. from May 1980 through April 1989.

         Each  member  of the Board  Partner  of  Representatives,  of the Audit
Committee and all of the other persons  listed above have been licensed or found
qualified by the CCC.

         The employees of the Partnership  serve at the pleasure of the Board of
Partner  Representatives  subject to any  contractual  rights  contained  in any
employment agreement. The officers of Funding serve at the pleasure of Donald J.
Trump, the sole director of Funding.

         Donald J. Trump,  Nicholas L. Ribis and Ernest E. East served as either
executive  officers  and/or  directors of TTMA and its affiliated  entities when
such parties  filed their  petition for  reorganization  under chapter 11 of the
Bankruptcy   Code  on  July  17,  1991.   The  Second   Amended  Joint  Plan  of
Reorganization  of such  parties  was  confirmed  on August  28,  1991,  and was
declared  effective  on October 4, 1991.  Donald J.  Trump,  Nicholas  L. Ribis,
Ernest  E.  East  and John P.  Burke  served  as  executive  committee  members,
officers,  and/or directors of TPA and its affiliated entities, at the time such
parties filed a petition for  reorganization  under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code on March 9, 1992.  The First Amended Joint Plan of  Reorganization  of such
parties was confirmed on April 30, 1992, and declared effective on May 29, 1992.
Donald J. Trump,  Nicholas L. Ribis, Ernest E. East, Roger P. Wagner and John P.
Burke served as either  executive  officers and/or  directors of the Partnership
and  its  affiliated  entities  when  such  parties  filed  their  petition  for
reorganization  under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in March 1992. The First
Amended  Joint Plan of  Reorganization  of such parties was  confirmed on May 5,
1992, and was declared  effective on May 29, 1992. Donald J. Trump was a partner




                                      -36-
<PAGE>


of Plaza  Operating  Partners Ltd.  when it filed a petition for  reorganization
under  chapter  11 of the  Bankruptcy  Code on  November  2,  1992.  The Plan of
Reorganization  was  confirmed on December  11, 1992 and  declared  effective in
January   1993.   John  P.  Burke  was  Executive   Vice   President  and  Chief
Administrative  Officer  of  Imperial,  a thrift  holding  company  whose  major
subsidiary,  Imperial Savings was seized by the Resolution Trust  Corporation in
February 1990.  Subsequently,  in February  1990,  Imperial filed a petition for
reorganization under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

         Executive   officers  of  Funding  do  not   receive   any   additional
compensation  for  serving  in  such  capacity.  In  addition,  Funding  and the
Partnership  do not  offer  their  executive  officers  stock  option  or  stock
appreciation right plans,  long-term  incentive plans or defined benefit pension
plans.

         The following table sets forth  compensation paid or accrued during the
years ended  December 31, 1993,  1992 and 1991 to the Chief  Executive  Officer,
each of the four most highly  compensated  executive officers of the Partnership
whose cash compensation,  including bonuses and deferred compensation,  exceeded
$100,000 for the year ended  December 31,  1993.  Also  included in the table is
information  regarding  Robert  Pickus,  who  served as  General  Counsel of the
Partnership for eleven months of 1993.  Compensation accrued during one year and
paid in another is recorded under the year of accrual.  Information  relating to
long-term  compensation is inapplicable  and has therefore been omitted from the
table.




                                      -37-
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 COMPENSATION TABLE

Name and                                                                                             Other           All Other
Principal Position                                 Year           Salary            Bonus        Compensation (1)  Compensation (2)

<S>               <C>                              <C>           <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>     
Nicholas L. Ribis (3),                             1993          $250,000          $250,000          $226,000          $  1,150
  Chief Executive                                  1992           150,000           300,000           168,500              --
  Officer                                          1991           192,956           250,135              --                --

Roger P. Wagner,                                   1993          $402,070          $ 27,341          $ 65,000          $  4,497
  Chief Operating                                  1992           425,228            95,000            60,000             4,171
  Officer                                          1991           357,973           658,742              --               4,695

Patrick R. Dennehy                                 1993          $177,083          $ 12,042              --            $  2,248
  Executive Vice                                   1992            22,885            50,000              --                --
  President of                                     1991              --                --                --                --
  Operations

Thomas P. Venier,                                  1993          $145,002          $  9,860              --            $  3,821
  Senior Vice President                            1992           145,983            15,000              --               3,560
  of Strategic                                     1991           111,221              --                --               2,213
  Development and
  Planning

Ernest E. East (3),                                1993          $100,644          $ 50,000          $ 67,500          $    750
  Vice President--                                 1992            85,481            66,667            60,000               727
  Administrative Affairs                           1991            25,866            33,333              --                --

Robert M. Pickus (4),                              1993          $148,553          $ 21,300              --            $  3,774
  Senior Vice President--                          1992           144,875            12,500              --               3,117
  General Counsel                                  1991           134,310              --                --               2,678

</TABLE>

- -------------------------

(1)      Represents  the  dollar  value  of  annual  compensation  not  properly
         categorized as salary or bonus, including amounts reimbursed for income
         taxes and Director's Fees.  Following SEC rules,  perquisites and other
         personal  benefits  are not  included  in this  table if the  aggregate
         amount of that  compensation  is the lesser of either $50,000 or 10% of
         the total salary and bonus for that officer.

(2)      Represents  vested and unvested  contributions  made by the Partnership
         under the Trump's Castle Hotel & Casino Retirement  Savings Plan. Funds
         accumulated for an employee,  which consist of a certain  percentage of
         the employee's  compensation plus Partnership  contributions  equalling
         50% of the participant's contributions,  are retained until termination
         of employment, attainment of age 59-1/2 or financial hardship, at which
         time the employee may withdraw his or her vested funds.

(3)      Messrs.  Ribis  and  East  devote  approximately   one-third  of  their
         professional  time to the affairs of the Partnership;  the compensation
         for their positions at Other Trump Casinos has not been included.

(4)      Effective  December 6, 1993, Mr. Pickus  resigned as General Counsel of
         the  Partnership  and from all other positions with the Partnership and
         its affiliated entities to become General Counsel to TPA.




                                      -38-
<PAGE>


         Employment Agreements.  In September 1993, the Partnership entered into
an employment  agreement with Nicholas L. Ribis pursuant to which Mr. Ribis acts
as Chief Executive Officer of the Partnership.  The agreement,  which expires in
September 1996, provides for an annual salary of $550,000.  The salary increases
by ten  percent for each of the second and third  years of the  agreement.  Upon
execution of the employment  agreement,  Mr. Ribis  received a $250,000  signing
bonus. In the event the Partnership,  or any entity which acquires substantially
all of the equity interests or assets of the Partnership,  proposes to engage in
an offering of common shares to the public,  the  Partnership and Mr. Ribis have
agreed to negotiate new  compensation  arrangements  which shall include  equity
participation  for Mr. Ribis. Mr. Ribis also acts as Chief Executive  Officer of
TTMA and TPA, the  Partnerships  that own the Other Trump Casinos,  and receives
additional  compensation  from such  entities.  Mr. Ribis devotes  approximately
one-third of his professional time to the affairs of the Partnership.  All other
executive  officers of the Partnership,  except Messrs.  East and Burke,  devote
substantially all of their time to the business of the Partnership.

         The  Partnership,  on January  17,  1991,  entered  into an  employment
agreement  with Roger P. Wagner,  with an amendment  thereto  dated  January 17,
1991, and a second amendment thereto dated July 18, 1992,  pursuant to which Mr.
Wagner serves as the  Partnership's  and TCHI's  President  and Chief  Operating
Officer.  Mr. Wagner's  employment  agreement,  which  terminates on January 16,
1997,  provides for an annual  salary  beginning at a minimum of $400,000  until
January  16,  1994,  thereafter  $500,000  per  year  until  January  16,  1995,
thereafter $600,000 per year until January 16, 1996, and thereafter $750,000 per
year from January 17, 1996 until January 16, 1997 and,  subject to CCC approval,
1% of the Partnership's Income from Operations (as defined in such agreement) in
excess of $40.0 million.

         The Partnership has an employment  agreement with Ernest E. East, Esq.,
who is Senior Vice President --  Administration and Corporate Affairs of the
Partnership.  The agreement,  which expires in June 1995, provides for an annual
salary  of  $100,000  and a  discretionary  bonus.  Mr.  East  also has  similar
employment  agreements with each of TTMA and TPA. Mr. East devotes approximately
one-third of his professional time to the affairs of the Partnership.

         Pursuant to an employment  agreement dated January 31, 1992, as amended
March 31, 1993 and  December 30,  1993,  Thomas P. Venier  serves as Senior Vice
President  of  Strategic  Development  and  Planning  of  the  Partnership.  The
agreement provides for an annual salary of $148,000, which is subject to review.
As of April 23, 1993, and on the last day of each week  thereafter,  the term of
the  agreement has been  automatically  extended for one (1) week so that at all
times the term during the duration of the  agreement  is an unexpired  period of
twelve (12) months.  Notwithstanding such provision, Mr. Venier has the right to
terminate his employment by giving 30 days written notice to the  Partnership of
his intent to do so.

         Compensation  of  Directors.   Each  Partner   Representative   of  the
Partnership  (other than Trump) receives an annual fee of $50,000 and $2,500 per
meeting attended,  plus reasonable  out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending
any meeting of the Board.




                                      -39-
<PAGE>


         Compensation  Committee  Interlocks  and  Insider   Participation.   In
general, the compensation of executive officers of the Partnership is determined
by the Board of Partner  Representatives,  which is composed of Donald J. Trump,
Nicholas L. Ribis, Roger P. Wagner,  Ernest E. East, Asher O. Pacholder,  Thomas
F. Leahy and Wallace B. Askins.  The compensation of Nicholas L. Ribis and Roger
P. Wagner is set forth in their employment agreements with the Partnership.  The
Partnership has delegated the responsibility  over certain matters,  such as the
bonus of Mr. Ribis, to Trump.  Executive  officers of Funding do not receive any
additional compensation for serving in such capacity.

         The SEC  requires  issuers  to  disclose  the  existence  of any  other
corporation in which both (i) an executive  officer of the registrant  serves on
the board of directors and/or compensation committee, and (ii) a director of the
registrant  serves as an executive  officer.  Messrs.  Ribis,  East,  Wagner and
Burke, executive officers of the Partnership, serve on the Board of Directors of
other entities in which members of the Board of Partner Representatives (namely,
Messrs.  Trump and Ribis) serve as executive officers.  The Partnership believes
that such relationships have not affected the compensation decisions made by the
Board of Partner Representatives in the last fiscal year.

         Mr. Wagner  serves as a director of TCHI,  of which  Messrs.  Trump and
Ribis serve as executive officers.

         Messrs.  Ribis,  East and Burke serve on the Board of  Directors of Taj
Mahal  Holding  Corp.,  which holds an  indirect  equity  interest in TTMA,  the
partnership  that  owns the Taj  Mahal,  of which  Messrs.  Trump  and Ribis are
executive  officers.  Such persons also serve on the Board of Directors of TM/GP
Corporation  (a  subsidiary of Taj Mahal Holding  Corp.),  the managing  general
partner of TTMA, of which Messrs.  Trump and Ribis are executive  officers.  Mr.
Ribis is compensated by TTMA for his services as its chief executive officer.

         Mr.  Ribis  also  serves on the Board of  Directors  of Trump Taj Mahal
Realty Corp.  ("Taj Realty Corp."),  which leases certain real property to TTMA,
of which Trump is an executive  officer.  Trump,  however,  does not receive any
compensation for serving as an executive officer of Taj Realty Corp.

         Messrs.  Trump and Ribis serve on the Board of Directors  of TPFI,  the
managing  general  partner of TPA, of which  Messrs.  Trump,  Ribis and East are
executive  officers.  Messrs.  Trump,  Ribis and East also serve on the Board of
Directors of TPHI, of which such persons are also executive officers.  Mr. Ribis
is compensated by TPA for his services as chief executive officer.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
          AND MANAGEMENT.

         The following table sets forth  information  with respect to the amount
of  Funding's  Common  Stock  owned  by  beneficial  owners  of more  than 5% of
Funding's  Common  Stock.  Funding  has no  other  class  of  equity  securities
outstanding.




                                      -40-
<PAGE>


Title or Class     Name and address of   Amount and Nature of   Percent of
                   Beneficial Owners     beneficial Ownership   class
- --------------     -------------------   --------------------   ----------
Common Stock       Trump's Castle           200 Shares            100%
                    Associates
                   Huron Avenue and
                    Brigantine Blvd.
                   Atlantic City,
                    New Jersey 08401

         Currently,  Trump, TC/GP and TCHI hold 61.5%, 37.5% and 1.0% interests,
respectively,  in Trump's  Castle  Associates  and therefore are the  beneficial
owners of all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Funding.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

         Other Trump Casinos.  The following table sets forth the amounts due to
the  Partnership  from Trump and his  Affiliates as of December 31, 1993.  For a
more detailed  description of the Partnership's  transactions with Trump and his
Affiliates, see "Other Transactions with Affiliates" below.

                                                      Amount Due and Outstanding
                                                          to the Partnership
                                                        as of December 31, 1993
                                                      --------------------------
       Trump Plaza Associates ..........................         $321,000
       Trump Taj Mahal Associates ......................           69,000
       The Trump Organization ..........................          225,000

          Total Due from Affiliates
            as of December 31, 1993 ....................         $615,000



         Other  Transactions With Affiliates.  In December 1990, Fred Trump, the
father of Donald J.  Trump,  placed  $3.5  million in cash on  deposit  with the
Partnership's  casino cage,  which was recorded by the  Partnership  as a gaming
patron deposit.  Counter check(s) totalling $3.5 million were issued against the
deposit,  for which Fred Trump  received  gaming chips  valued at $3.5  million.
These  gaming  chips were  included in the  outstanding  chip  liability  on the
Partnership's  books at September 30, 1992. In each of October 1992 and December
1993, in accordance with the indenture  pursuant to which the Bonds were issued,
Fred Trump redeemed $1.0 million in gaming chips for cash.

         The  Partnership  has engaged in  transactions  with TPA,  TTMA,  Plaza
Operating  Partners,  Ltd. ("Plaza Hotel"),  the partnership  which operates The
Plaza Hotel in New York City, and The Trump Organization.  TPA, Plaza Hotel, The




                                      -41-
<PAGE>


Trump   Organization  and  TTMA  are  affiliates  of  Donald  J.  Trump.   These
transactions  include  certain  shared  payroll  costs,  fleet  maintenance  and
limousine services, as well as complimentary services offered to customers,  for
which the  Partnership  makes the initial  payment and is then reimbursed by the
Affiliates. During 1993, the Partnership incurred expenses of approximately $1.3
million in corporate salaries,  and $1.0 million of other transactions on behalf
of these  related  entities.  In addition,  the  Partnership  received  payments
totalling $2.0 million for services  rendered and had $0.4 million of deductions
for  similar  services  incurred  by these  related  entities  on  behalf of the
Partnership.

         In connection with the 1993 Recapitalization, the Partnership purchased
the Midlantic  Grid Note.  Payment of the Midlantic  Grid Note was guaranteed by
Trump,  which guaranty was secured by a pledge of his direct and indirect equity
interest in the Partnership. In addition, Winton Associates, Inc. ("Winton") was
retained by a holder of Units to negotiate the terms of the  Recapitalization on
behalf of the Unitholders.  The Partnership paid Winton a non-refundable  fee of
$100,000  as  well  as its  out-of-pocket  expenses,  and an  additional  fee of
$400,000 upon consummation of the  Recapitalization.  Winton, in turn,  retained
Prudential  Securities,  Inc.  to assist it in  representing  Putnam  Investment
Management,  and paid  Prudential  one-half  of the  fees  described  above  and
reimbursed Prudential for its out-of-pocket  expenses.  Winton is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Pacholder Associates, Inc., of which Dr. Asher Pacholder, a member
of the  Board of  Partner  Representatives,  is the  Chairman  of the  Board and
Managing Director.

         Pursuant to the terms of the  Partnership  Agreement,  the  Partnership
paid a $1.5 million cash bonus to Trump on February 16, 1994.

         Services Agreement. On December 28, 1993, the Partnership cancelled its
existing  management  agreement  with a  corporation  wholly  owned by Trump and
entered into a Services  Agreement  with TC/GP (the  "Services  Agreement").  In
general,  the Services Agreement  obligates TC/GP to provide to the Partnership,
from  time-to-time  when  reasonably   requested,   consulting   services  on  a
non-exclusive basis, relating to marketing,  advertising,  promotional and other
related services (the "Services") with respect to the business and operations of
the Partnership,  in exchange for certain fees to be paid only in those years in
which EBITDA (EBITDA  represents  income from  operations  before  depreciation,
amortization,   restructuring   costs  and  the  non-cash   write-down  of  CRDA
investments) exceeds prescribed amounts.

         In  consideration  for  the  Services  to be  rendered  by  TC/GP,  the
Partnership  will pay an annual  fee  (which is  identical  to the fee which was
payable under the  management  agreement) to TC/GP in the amount of $1.5 million
for each  year in which  EBITDA  exceeds  the  following  amounts  for the years
indicated:  1993-$40.5 million;  1994-$45.0 million;  1995 and  thereafter-$50.0
million. If EBITDA in any fiscal year does not exceed the applicable amount, the
annual fee will be $0. In addition,  TC/GP will be entitled to an incentive  fee
beginning  with the fiscal year ending  December  31, 1994 in an amount equal to
10% of EBITDA in excess of $45.0 million for such fiscal year.  The  Partnership
will also be required to advance to TC/GP $125,000 a month which will be applied
toward the annual fee, provided,  however,  that no advances will be made during
any year if and for so long as the  Managing  Partner  (defined in the  Services
Agreement as Trump) determines,  in his good faith reasonable judgment, that the
Partnership's  budget  and  year-to-date  performance  indicate  that the EBITDA
target for such year will not be met.  If for any year during  which  annual fee




                                      -42-
<PAGE>


advances  have been made it is  determined  that the annual fee was not  earned,
TC/GP will be obligated to promptly repay any amounts previously  advanced.  For
purposes of calculating EBITDA under the Services Agreement,  any incentive fees
paid in respect of 1994 or thereafter  shall not be deducted in determining  net
income.

         Unless sooner terminated  pursuant to its terms, the Services Agreement
will expire on December 31, 2005.



                                      -43-
<PAGE>


                                    PART IV


ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K


     (A)  Financial   Statements.   See  the  Index  immediately  following  the
          signature page.

     (B)  Reports  on Form 8-K.  Funding  did not file any  reports  on form 8-K
          during the last quarter of the year ended December 31, 1993.

     (C)  Exhibits.  All exhibits listed below are filed with this Annual Report
          on  Form  10-K  unless  specifically  stated  to  be  incorporated  by
          reference to other documents  previously filed with the Securities and
          Exchange Commission.

Exhibit

3(15)         -Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Funding.

3.1(15)       -Bylaws of Funding.

3.2-3.6       -Intentionally omitted.

3.7(14)       -Second  Amended  and  Restated   Partnership   Agreement  of  the
              Partnership.

4.1-4.10      -Intentionally omitted.

4.11(14)      -Indenture,   among  Funding,  as  issuer,  the  Partnership,   as
              guarantor, and the Mortgage Note Trustee, as trustee.

4.12(14)      -Indenture of Mortgage between the Partnership,  as Mortgagor, and
              Funding, as Mortgagee.

4.13(14)      -Assignment  Agreement  between  Funding  and  the  Mortgage  Note
              Trustee.

4.14(14)      -Partnership Note.

4.15          -Form of Mortgage Note (included in Exhibit 4.11).

4.16          -Form of Partnership Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.11).

4.17(14)      -Indenture  between  Funding,  as  issuer,  the  Partnership,   as
              guarantor, and the PIK Note Trustee, as trustee.

4.18(14)      -Pledge Agreement between Funding and the PIK Note Trustee.




                                      -44-
<PAGE>


4.19(14)      -Subordinated Partnership Note.

4.20          -Form of PIK Note (included in Exhibit 4.17).

4.21          -Form of Subordinated  Partnership  Guarantee (included in exhibit
              4.17).

4.22(15)      -Letter  Agreement between the Partnership and the Proposed Senior
              Secured Note Purchasers regarding the Senior Secured Notes.

4.23(14)      -Note Purchase Agreement for 11-1/2% Series A Senior Secured Notes
              of the Partnership due 1999.

4.24(14)      -Indenture,   among  Funding,  as  issuer,  the  Partnership,   as
              guarantor, and the Senior Secured Note Trustee, as trustee.

4.25(14)      -Indenture  of  Mortgage  and  Security   Agreement   between  the
              Partnership, as mortgagor/debtor, and Funding as mortgagee/secured
              party. (Senior Note Mortgage).

4.26(14)      -Registration  Rights  Agreement by and among the  Partnership and
              certain purchasers.

4.27          -Intentionally omitted.

4.28(14)      -Guarantee Mortgage.

4.29(14)      -Senior Partnership Note.

4.30(14)      -Indenture  of  Mortgage  and  Security   Agreement   between  the
              Partnership  as  mortgagor/debtor  and the Senior Note  Trustee as
              mortgagee/secured party. (Senior Guarantee Mortgage).

4.31(14)      -Assignment Agreement between Funding, as assignor, and the Senior
              Note Trustee, as assignee. (Senior Assignment Agreement).

4.32(14)      -Amended and Restated Nominee Agreement.

10.1-10.2     -Intentionally omitted.

10.3(7)       -Employment   Agreement  dated  January  17,  1991,   between  the
              Partnership and Roger P. Wagner.

10.4(2)       -Second  Amendment to Employment  Agreement dated January 17, 1991
              between the Partnership, TCHI, and Roger P. Wagner.

10.5(3)       -Form of License  Agreement  between the Partnership and Donald J.
              Trump.




                                      -45-
<PAGE>


10.6          -Intentionally Omitted.

10.7(5)       -Lease,  dated June 25, 1986,  between the  Partnership  and Trump
              Plaza, as the nominee of the Trump Organization.

10.8-10.10    -Intentionally omitted.

10.11(14)     -Employment Agreement, between the Partnership and Nicholas Ribis.

10.12(5)      -Trump's Castle Hotel & Casino Retirement Savings Plan,  effective
              as of September 1, 1986.

10.13-10.16   -Intentionally omitted.

10.17(9)      -Agreement,  dated June 1, 1987, between Marina  Associates,  GNAC
              Corp., and the Partnership, individually and as assignee of Hilton
              New  Jersey   Corporation   and  the  New  Jersey   Department  of
              Transportation  and the New  Jersey  Department  of  Environmental
              Protection.

10.18(9)      -Agreement,  dated June 1, 1987,  between Marina  Associates,  the
              Partnership,  individually and as assignee and successor of Hilton
              New Jersey Corporation and Golden Nugget,  Inc.,  individually and
              on behalf of all of its past, present and future subsidiaries.

10.19(7)      -Lease Agreement by and between State of New Jersey acting through
              its Department of Environmental Protection,  Division of Parks and
              Forests,  as  Landlord,  and the  Partnership,  as  tenant,  dated
              September 1, 1990.

10.20-10.21   -Intentionally omitted.

10.22(1)      -Memorandum of Understanding, dated July 30, 1991, between Willkie
              Farr & Gallagher, Clapp & Eisenberg and Goodkind Labaton & Rudoff.

10.23(2)      -Form of Employment  Agreement  between the Partnership and Ernest
              E. East.

10.24A(3)     -Employment  Agreement,  dated January 31, 1992 between  Thomas P.
              Venier and the Partnership.

10.24B(13)    -Amendment to Employment Agreement,  dated March 19, 1993, between
              Thomas P. Venier and the Partnership.

10.25(3)      -Stipulation  and Agreement of Compromise and Settlement,  between
              Willkie Farr & Gallagher, Clapp & Eisenberg and Goodkind, Labaton,
              Rudoff & Sucharow.




                                      -46-
<PAGE>


10.26A(10)    -Employment  Agreement,  dated November 2, 1992,  between  Patrick
              Dennehy and the Partnership.

10.26B(15)    -Amendment of Employment  Agreement,  dated May 13, 1993,  between
              Patrick Dennehy and the Partnership.

10.27(15)     -Services Agreement.

10.28-10.29   -Intentionally omitted.

10.30(15)     -Employment  Agreement,  dated October 4, 1993,  between  Nicholas
              Niglio and the Partnership.

10.31(11)     -Employment  Agreement,  dated January 3, 1994,  between Robert E.
              Schaffhauser and the Partnership.

10.32(11)     -Employment Agreement dated December 20, 1993, between Patricia M.
              Wild and the Partnership

10.33(11)     -Amendment  of  Employment  Agreement,  dated  December  30, 1993,
              between Thomas Venier and the Partnership.

10.34(11)     -Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement,  dated as of December 28,
              1993, among Midlantic, the Partnership and Funding.

10.35(11)     -Amendment  No. 1 to Amended and  Restated  Indenture of Mortgage,
              between the Partnership, as Mortgagor and Midlantic, as Mortgagee.

10.36(11)     -Amended   and  Restated   Indenture  of  Mortgage,   between  the
              Partnership, as Mortgagor and Midlantic, as Mortgagee, dated as of
              May 29, 1992.

10.37(11)     -Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated  Assignment of Leases and
              Rents,  between the Partnership,  as assignor,  and Midlantic,  as
              assignee.

10.38(11)     -Amended and Restated Assignment of Leases and Rents,  between the
              Partnership,  as assignor, and Midlantic, as assignee, dated as of
              May 29, 1992.

10.39(11)     -Amendment  No. 1 to Amended and Restated  Assignment of Operating
              Assets,  between the  Partnership,  as assignor and Midlantic,  as
              assignee.

10.40(11)     -Amended and Restated Assignment of Operating Assets,  between the
              Partnership,  as assignor, and Midlantic, as assignee, dated as of
              May 29, 1992.




                                      -47-
<PAGE>


10.41(11)     -Intercreditor  Agreement, by and among Midlantic, the Senior Note
              Trustee, the Mortgage Note Trustee, the PIK Note Trustee,  Funding
              and the Partnership.

- --------------
(1)      Incorporated herein by reference to the identically numbered Exhibit to
         Funding's   Registration   Statement  on  Form  S-4,  Registration  No.
         33-41759, declared effective on January 23, 1992.

(2)      Incorporated  herein by reference to the Exhibit to Funding's Quarterly
         Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1992.

(3)      Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to  Funding's  Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991.

(4)      Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to  Funding's  Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987.

(5)      Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to  Funding's  Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986.

(6)      Incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Funding's  Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989.

(7)      Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to  Funding's  Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990.

(8)      Incorporated   herein  by   reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to  Funding's
         Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 2-99088,  declared
         effective on September 20, 1985.

(9)      Incorporated   herein  by   reference   to  the  Exhibit  to  Funding's
         Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-14907, declared
         effective on July 21, 1987.

(10)     Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to  Funding's  Annual
         Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992.

(11)     Incorporated herein by reference to the identically numbered Exhibit to
         Funding's  Registration  Statement  on Form  S-4,  Registration  Number
         33-52309 filed with the SEC on February 17, 1994.

(12)     Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to TC/GP's  Quarterly
         Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1992.

(13)     Incorporated  herein by reference to the Exhibit to Funding's Quarterly
         Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1993.



                                      -48-
<PAGE>


(14)     Incorporated  herein by reference to the Exhibit to Amendment  No. 5 to
         the  Schedule  13E-3 of TC/GP and the  Partnership,  File No.  5-36825,
         filed with the SEC on January 11, 1994.

(15)     Incorporated  herein by reference  to the Exhibit to Funding's  and the
         Partnership's  Registration  Statement  on Form S-4,  Registration  No.
         33-68038.




                                      -49-
<PAGE>



                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Report of Independent Public Accountants                                     F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets of Trump's Castle
    Associates and Subsidiary as of December 31,
    1993 and 1992                                                            F-2

Consolidated Statements of Operations of Trump's
    Castle Associates and Subsidiary for the years
    ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                   F-3

Consolidated Statements of Capital (Deficit) of
    Trump's Castle Associates for the years ended
    December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                         F-4

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of Trump's
    Castle Associates and Subsidiary for the years
    ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                   F-5

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of
    Trump's Castle Associates and Subsidiary                                 F-6

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Schedule
    <S>                <C>                                                                                <C>

    II                 Amounts Receivable from Related Parties,
                           Underwriters, Promoters, and Employees
                           Other Than Related Parties for the years
                           ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                         F-19

    V                  Property and Equipment for the years ended
                           December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                               F-20

    VI                 Accumulated  Depreciation of Property and Equipment for
                         the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                 F-21

    VIII               Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the
                           years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and
                           1991                                                                           F-22

    IX                 Short-Term Borrowings for the years ended
                           December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991                                               F-23



                                      -50-
<PAGE>


    X                      Supplementary  Income  Statement  Information for the
                           years ended December 31, 1993,
                           1992 and 1991                                                                  F-24

</TABLE>

                 Other  Schedules  are  omitted for the reason that they are not
required or are not applicable,  or the required  information is included in the
combined financial statements or notes thereto.




                                      -51-
<PAGE>

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


To Trump's Castle Associates
  and Subsidiary:


We have audited the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets of Trump's Castle
Associates (a New Jersey general  partnership) and Subsidiary as of December 31,
1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of operations,  partners'
capital (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1993.  These  consolidated  financial  statements and the schedules
referred to below are the  responsibility of the Partnership's  management.  Our
responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  consolidated  financial
statements and schedules based on our audits.

We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  generally   accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material  respects,  the financial position of Trump's Castle Associates and
Subsidiary as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the three  years in the period  ended  December
31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

Our  audits  were  made for the  purpose  of  forming  an  opinion  on the basic
financial  statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in the index to the
financial statements are presented for purposes of complying with the Securities
and  Exchange  Commission's  rules  and are  not  part  of the  basic  financial
statements.  These  schedules  have been  subjected to the  auditing  procedures
applied in our audits of the basic  financial  statements  and, in our  opinion,
fairly state in all  material  respects the  financial  data  required to be set
forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.


                             Arthur Andersen & Co.

Roseland, New Jersey
February 11, 1994




                                      -52-
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  the  Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned,  thereunto duly authorized, on the 30th day of March,
1994.


                                     TRUMP'S CASTLE FUNDING, INC.


                                     By: /s/Donald J. Trump      
                                     ----------------------------
                                         By: Donald J. Trump
                                         Title: President

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended,  this Annual Report has been signed below by the  following  persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.


           Signature                    Title                    Date

 
TRUMP'S CASTLE FUNDING, INC.


By:/s/Donald J. Trump         Chairman of the Board, President,   March 30, 1994
- ---------------------         Chief Executive Officer (Principal
   Donald J. Trump            Executive Officer), Treasurer
                              (Principal  Financial  Officer) and
                              sole Director of the Registrant.



By:/s/Robert E. Schaffhauser  Assistant Treasurer of the          March 30, 1994
- ----------------------------  Registrant (Principal Accounting
   Robert E. Schaffhauser     Officer)




<PAGE>


                    TRUMP'S CASTLE ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARY

           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS -- DECEMBER 31, 1993 AND 1992

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                  ASSETS                               1993                 1992
                  ------                               ----                 ----
<S>                                               <C>                  <C>

CURRENT ASSETS:
     Cash and cash equivalents (Note 3)           $  20,439,000        $  23,610,000
     Trade receivable, less allowance for
        doubtful accounts of $1,928,000 and
        $2,721,000 respectively                       7,316,000            4,841,000
     Accounts receivable, other                       2,338,000            1,980,000
     Due from affiliates, net  (Note 6)                 615,000              742,000
     Inventories  (Note 3)                            2,315,000            2,160,000
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets        3,515,000            2,929,000
                                                  -------------        -------------

                Total current assets                 36,538,000           36,262,000
                                                  -------------        -------------

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Notes 3,4, and 5):
     Land and land improvements                      62,177,000           62,117,000
     Buildings and building improvements            324,636,000          321,345,000
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment              103,446,000           97,194,000
     Construction in progress                         3,194,000            2,401,000
                                                  -------------        -------------

                                                    493,453,000          483,057,000
     Less - Accumulated depreciation                159,099,000          142,674,000
                                                  -------------        -------------

                                                    334,354,000          340,383,000
                                                  -------------        -------------
OTHER ASSETS                                          5,043,000            2,996,000
                                                  -------------        -------------


               Total assets                        $375,935,000         $379,641,000
                                                   ============         ============


        LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL (DEFICIT)                1993               1992
        ---------------------------------                ----               ----

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Trade accounts payable                             2,354,000           4,484,000
   Accrued payroll                                    8,842,000           7,598,000
   Accrued interest payable  (Note 2)                   234,000          11,713,000
   Unredeemed chip liability (Note 6)                 4,448,000           3,765,000
   Patron deposits (Note 6)                           3,099,000              67,000
   Other                                             15,486,000          11,770,000
                                                  -------------       -------------

             Total current liabilities               34,463,000          39,397,000


MORTGAGE NOTES, due 2003 (Notes 4 and 10)           202,552,000               -
PIK NOTES, due 2005 (Notes 4 and 10)                 42,242,000               -
MORTGAGE BONDS, due 1998 (Notes 4 and 10)                 -             234,445,000

OTHER BORROWINGS  (Note 5)                           65,000,000          45,000,000
                                                  -------------       -------------

             Total liabilities                      344,257,000         318,842,000
                                                  -------------       -------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  (Note 7)

PARTNERS' CAPITAL (Notes 2 and 6):
   Contributed Capital                               73,395,000          73,395,000
   Accumulated Deficit                              (41,717,000)        (12,596,000)
                                                  -------------       -------------

            Total patners' capital                   31,678,000          60,799,000
                                                  -------------       -------------

            Total liabilities and capital          $375,935,000        $379,641,000
                                                  =============       =============

</TABLE>



          The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
           are an integral part of these consolidated balance sheets.



                                      F-2
<PAGE>


                    TRUMP'S CASTLE ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARY

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     1993                1992                1991
                                                                     ----                ----                ----
<S>                                                              <C>                <C>                  <C>

REVENUES:
     Gaming  (Note 3)                                            $246,370,000       $242,008,000         $194,760,000
     Rooms                                                         19,647,000         17,785,000           16,599,000
     Food and beverage                                             30,608,000         31,361,000           28,307,000
     Other                                                          8,201,000          8,152,000            8,302,000
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------
          Gross Revenues                                          304,826,000        299,306,000          247,968,000

      Less- Promotional allowances  (Note 3)                       31,599,000         30,656,000           27,882,000
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------

          Net Revenues                                            273,227,000        268,650,000          220,086,000
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------


COSTS AND EXPENSES  (Notes 2, 6 and 7)
     Gaming                                                       148,415,000        149,376,000          119,719,000
     Rooms                                                          3,421,000          3,306,000            3,253,000
     Food and beverage                                             15,970,000         16,502,000           13,236,000
     General and administrative                                    50,044,000         52,939,000           46,337,000
     Depreciation and amortization                                 16,425,000         19,802,000           21,414,000
     Reorganization costs                                               -              5,983,000            4,499,000
     Other                                                         11,086,000         12,715,000           13,988,000
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------

                                                                  245,361,000        260,623,000          222,446,000
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------


          Income (loss) from operations                            27,866,000          8,027,000           (2,360,000)

INTEREST INCOME                                                       675,000            499,000              505,000

INTEREST EXPENSE, including approximately $9,000,000
    in transaction costs related to the Recapitalization Plan
    in 1993 (Note 2).                                             (56,926,000)       (45,360,000)         (48,344,000)
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------

          Loss before extraordinary gain                          (28,385,000)       (36,834,000)         (50,199,000)

EXTRAORDINARY GAIN ON PLAN
    OF REORGANIZATION (Note 2)                                          -            128,187,000               -
                                                                 ------------       ------------         ------------


          Net Income (Loss)                                      ($28,385,000)       $91,353,000         ($50,199,000)
                                                                 ============       ============         ============

</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral
                     part of these consolidated statements.




                                      F-3
<PAGE>


                    TRUMP'S CASTLE ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARY

             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS' CAPITAL (DEFICIT)

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Contributed         Accumulated
                                                              Capital             Deficit              Total
                                                             -----------        -----------        -----------
<S>                                                          <C>               <C>                <C>
Balance at December 31, 1990                                 $40,070,000       ($53,277,000)      ($13,207,000)

Net loss                                                          -             (50,199,000)       (50,199,000)
                                                             -----------        -----------        -----------

Balance at December 31, 1991                                  40,070,000       (103,476,000)       (63,406,000)

Capital Contribution                                          33,325,000             -              33,325,000
Net income                                                        -              91,353,000         91,353,000
Partnership Distribution                                          -                (473,000)          (473,000)
                                                             -----------        -----------        -----------

Balance at December 31, 1992                                  73,395,000        (12,596,000)        60,799,000

Net loss                                                          -             (28,385,000)       (28,385,000)
Partnership Distribution (Note 6)                                 -                (736,000)          (736,000)
                                                             -----------        -----------        -----------

Balance at December 31, 1993                                 $73,395,000       ($41,717,000)       $31,678,000
                                                             ===========        ===========        ===========
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
                       of these consolidated statements.




                                      F-4
<PAGE>


                    TRUMP'S CASTLE ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARY

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1993                 1992                1991
                                                                          ----                 ----                ----
<S>                                                                     <C>                  <C>                  <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
     Net (loss)income                                                   ($28,385,000)         $91,353,000         ($50,199,000)
     Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)income
       to net cash flows (used in) provided by
       operating activities-
       Noncash charges-
          Extraordinary Gain                                                   -             (128,187,000)               -
          Depreciation and amortization                                   16,425,000           19,802,000           21,414,000
          Accretion of bond discount                                      10,395,000            6,617,000            2,904,000
          Provision for losses on receivables                                755,000            2,290,000            3,387,000
          Amortization of CRDA tax credits                                   115,000              679,000            1,959,000
          Valuation allowance - CRDA investments                             953,000              656,000              137,000
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

                                                                             258,000           (6,790,000)         (20,398,000)

          (Increase) decrease in receivables                              (3,461,000)          (2,057,000)           3,303,000
          (Increase) decrease in inventories                                (155,000)            (309,000)             922,000
          (Increase) decrease in other current assets                       (701,000)             141,000           (1,596,000)
          (Increase) decrease in other assets                                (42,000)           9,368,000              (99,000)
          (Decrease) increase in current liabilities                      (4,980,000)          19,028,000           30,322,000
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

               Net cash flows (used in) provided by
                 operating activities                                     (9,081,000)          19,381,000           12,454,000
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

CASH FLOWS USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
          Purchases of property and equipment, net                       (10,396,000)          (8,574,000)          (5,117,000)
          Purchase of CRDA investments                                    (2,958,000)          (1,696,000)            (411,000)
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

               Net cash flows used in investing activities               (13,354,000)         (10,270,000)          (5,528,000)
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
          Issuance of Senior Notes                                        27,000,000                -                    -
          Repayment of Bank Borrowings                                    (7,000,000)               -                    -
          Distributions to TC\GP,INC.                                       (736,000)            (473,000)               -
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

               Net cash flows provided by (used in)
                 financing activites                                      19,264,000             (473,000)               -
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------

               Net (decrease) increase in
                 cash and cash equivalents                                (3,171,000)           8,638,000            6,926,000

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                   23,610,000           14,972,000            8,046,000
                                                                         -----------         ------------         ------------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   AT END OF YEAR                                                        $20,439,000          $23,610,000          $14,972,000
                                                                         ===========         ============         ============


</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral
                     part of these consolidated statements.



                                      F-5
<PAGE>


                    TRUMP'S CASTLE ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARY

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(1)  Organization and Operations:

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements include those of Trump's
Castle Associates,  a New Jersey general partnership (the "Partnership") and its
wholly-owned subsidiary,  Trump's Castle Funding, Inc., a New Jersey corporation
(the "Company").  All significant  intercompany  balances and transactions  have
been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

     The  Partnership  was formed as a limited  partnership in 1985 for the sole
purpose of acquiring  and  operating  Trump's  Castle  Casino  Resort  ("Trump's
Castle").  The Partnership  converted to a general partnership in February 1992.
As a result of a  recapitalization  involving the  Partnership,  the Company and
TC/GP,  Inc.  ("TC/GP") in December,  1993 (Note 2), the  Partnership  is wholly
owned by Donald J.  Trump,  and his wholly  owned  companies,  TC/GP and Trump's
Castle Hotel & Casino Inc. ("TCHC").  Donald J. Trump has pledged his direct and
indirect  ownership  interest in the  Partnership  as  collateral  under various
personal debt agreements.

     The Company was incorporated on May 28, 1985 solely to serve as a financing
company to raise  funds  through the  issuance of bonds to the public  (Note 4).
Since the Company has no business operations, its ability to repay the principal
and interest on 11-3/4%  Mortgage Notes due 2003 (the "Mortgage  Notes") and its
Increasing  Rate  Subordinated  Pay-in-Kind  Notes due 2005 (the "PIK Notes") is
completely dependent upon the operations of the Partnership.


(2)  Plan of Reorganization and Subsequent Recapitalization:

     Plan of Reorganization

     On March 9, 1992, the Partnership,  the Company, and TCHC filed a voluntary
petition for relief under chapter 11, title 11 of the United  States  Bankruptcy
Code (the "Bankruptcy  Code") and filed a Plan of  Reorganization  (the "Plan").
The Plan was confirmed by the  Bankruptcy  Court on May 5, 1992 and the Plan was
consummated on May 29, 1992 (the "Effective Date"). Pursuant to the terms of the
Plan, the Company's then outstanding  bonds (the "Old Bonds") were exchanged for
new bonds and common stock of TC/GP (Note 4) and certain modifications were made
to the terms of bank  borrowings  (Note 5) and  amounts  owed to Donald J. Trump
(Note 6). The  issuance of the common stock of TC/GP  resulted in  approximately
50% of the beneficial ownership interest in the Partnership being transferred to
the holders of the bonds.



                                      F-6
<PAGE>

     In accordance with AICPA Statement of Position 90-7,  "Financial  Reporting
by Entities in  Reorganization  Under the Bankruptcy  Code," the Bonds issued at
the time of the reorganization were stated at the present value of amounts to be
paid,  determined at current  interest rates  (effective  rate of  approximately
17.4%).  The effective  interest rate of these bonds was determined based on the
trading  price of these  bonds for a specific  period.  Stating  the debt at its
approximate  present value resulted in a reduction in the  $322,987,000  initial
face  amount  of these  bonds of  approximately  $96,896,000.  This gain will be
offset by increased  interest costs over the period of the bonds to accrete such
bonds to their face value at maturity.

     On the Effective Date, TC/GP received a 49.995% Partnership interest in the
Partnership and was admitted as a partner.  TC/GP also received a 50% beneficial
interest in TCHC, a partner in the  Partnership,  which held a .01%  partnership
interest, thereby giving TC/GP a 50% beneficial interest in the Partnership.  On
the Effective  Date the partners  executed the Amended and Restated  Partnership
Agreement (the "Partnership Agreement"), which provided for, among other things,
a Board of Partner  Representatives  (the  "Board") to oversee the  business and
operations  of the  Partnership.  Pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Partnership
Agreement,  Donald J. Trump was  appointed the Managing  General  Partner of the
Partnership  responsible for its day-to-day operations and appointed four of the
seven members of the Board. The remaining members of the Board were appointed by
TC/GP through the holders of its Common Stock.

     The  Plan  resulted  in  an  extraordinary   gain  totaling   approximately
$128,187,000,   including   the   $96,896,000   discussed   above,   $18,000,000
representing the forgiveness of bank debt (Note 5), and $22,805,000 representing
a discharge of accrued interest and accretion on indebtedness less the write-off
of unamortized loan issuance costs of $9,514,000.  On the Effective date, 35,447
of  additional  units were issued in lieu of the Bond  Carryforward  Amount,  as
defined  and the  Effective  Date  Amount,  as defined.  Additionally,  the Plan
resulted in a discharge of related party  indebtedness in the approximate amount
of $33,325,000  which has been accounted for as a contribution  to capital (Note
6).

     Recapitalization

     On December 28, 1993, the Partnership,  the Company and TC/GP consummated a
Recapitalization  Plan whereby  each $1,000 of  principal  of the 9.5%  Mortgage
Bonds issued as part of the Plan was exchanged for $750 principal  amount of the
Company's 11-3/4% Mortgage Notes due 2003 (the "Mortgage Notes"), $120 principal
amount of the Company's Increasing Rate Subordinated  Pay-in-Kind Notes due 2005
(the "PIK  Notes")  and a cash  payment  of $6.19  plus all  accrued  and unpaid
interest. Those bondholders who did not elect to exchange their bonds received a
cash payment of $750 for each $1,000 of  principal  amount of bonds plus accrued
and unpaid interest. In addition, each share of TC/GP common stock was exchanged
for $35 principal amount of PIK Notes.




                                      F-7
<PAGE>

     As a  result  of  the  Recapitalization  Plan,  approximately  96%  of  the
principal amount of the previously  issued bonds were exchanged for Mortgage and
PIK  Notes and the  TC/GP  common  stock was  redeemed.  Those  bonds  that were
redeemed for cash were purchased at an amount which  approximated their net book
value at the date of  purchase.  The net book value of the  exchanged  bonds has
been carried  forward and  allocated to the Mortgage and PIK Notes in proportion
to the principal  amount of Notes issued.  The difference  between the principal
amount  and net book  value of  these  Notes  will be  accreted  as a charge  to
interest expense over the life of the Notes using the effective interest method.

     In addition to the Mortgage and PIK Notes,  the Company  issued $27 million
of 11-1/2% Senior Secured Notes, due 2000 (the "Senior Notes"). A portion of the
proceeds from the Senior Notes were used to repay the $7 million Grid Note (Note
5).

     Transaction  costs related to the  Recapitalization  Plan of  approximately
$9,000,000  are  included  in  interest  expense.  Included  in these costs is a
$1,500,000  bonus to Donald J. Trump for the services he provided in  connection
with the recapitalization.

(3)  Accounting Policies:

     Gaming Revenues

     The Partnership  records as gross gaming  revenues the differences  between
amounts wagered and amounts won by casino patrons.

     During 1992,  certain  Progressive Slot Jackpot Programs were  discontinued
which resulted in $1,767,000 of related accruals being taken into income.

     Promotional Allowances

     Gross revenues include the retail value of the complimentary food, beverage
and hotel services  furnished to patrons.  The retail value of these promotional
allowances is deducted from gross  revenues to arrive at net revenues.  The cost
of  such   complimentaries   have  been  included  as  casino  expenses  in  the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  The cost of complimentaries
allocated from rooms,  food and beverage  departments  to the casino  department
during the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 are as follows:

                       1993           1992           1991
                   -----------    -----------    -----------
Rooms              $ 5,834,000    $ 5,390,000    $ 4,304,000
Food and Beverage   17,332,000     17,351,000     13,694,000
Other                2,073,000      1,954,000      1,360,000
                   -----------    -----------    -----------
                   $25,239,000    $24,695,000    $19,358,000
                   ===========    ===========    ===========


                                      F-8
<PAGE>

     Income taxes

     The  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  do  not  include  a
provision  for  Federal  income  taxes of the  Partnership,  since any income or
losses  allocated to the partners are reportable for Federal income tax purposes
by the Partners.

     Under the Casino  Control Act (the "Act") and the  regulations  promulgated
thereunder,  the Partnership and the Company are required to file a consolidated
New Jersey  corporation  business tax return.  However,  no provision  for State
income  taxes has been  reflected  in the  accompanying  consolidated  financial
statements,  since the  Partnership  has  experienced  cumulative  net operating
losses.

     As of December 31, 1993, the Partnership had New Jersey State net operating
losses of  approximately  $144,000,000,  which are  available to offset  taxable
income through 2000.

     Inventories

     Inventories  of  provisions  and  supplies are carried at the lower of cost
(first-in, first-out basis) or market.

     Property and equipment

     Property  and  equipment  is  recorded  at cost and is  depreciated  on the
straight-line  method over the estimated  useful lives of the assets.  Estimated
useful lives for furniture,  fixtures and equipment and buildings are from three
to eight years and forty years, respectively.

     Statements of cash flows

     For  purposes  of the  statements  of  cash  flows,  the  Company  and  the
Partnership  consider  all  highly  liquid  debt  instruments  purchased  with a
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

     The following  supplemental  disclosures are made to the statements of cash
flows:


                                  1993        1992        1991
                              ----------- ----------- -----------

Cash paid during the
year for interest
(net of amounts
capitalized)                  $44,857,000  $8,172,000  $7,902,000
                              ===========  ==========  ==========


(4)  Mortgage Bonds and Notes:

     Upon consummation of the Plan on May 29, 1992, each $1,000 principal amount
of the Company's then outstanding  Series A-1 Bonds or $1,000 accreted amount as


                                      F-9
<PAGE>


of December 15, 1990 of Series A-2 Bonds were  exchanged for $1,000 in principal
amount of the Company's  9.50% Bonds (the  "Bonds"),  together with one share of
the Common Stock of TC/GP and certain other  payments.  The New Bonds and Common
Stock  traded  together  as a unit (the  "Unit")  and  could not be  transferred
separately, except upon the occurrence of certain events.

     The Bonds had a scheduled  maturity of August 15, 1998 and bore interest at
9.50%  per  annum  from  the date of  issuance,  payable  semi-annually  on each
February 15 and August 15,  commencing August 15, 1992. The Company was required
to  pay  interest  in  cash  to the  holders  of the  Bonds  outstanding  on the
immediately  preceding  August 1 or  February 1 at varying  rates per annum (the
"Mandatory Cash Amounts") as follows:

                                            Mandatory
                                            Cash Rate
Interest Payment Date                      (Per Annum)
- ---------------------                      -----------
August 15, 1992                               5.00%
February 15, 1993                             6.00%
August 15, 1993                               7.00%
February 15, 1994                             8.00%
August 15, 1994 and thereafter                9.50%

     For interest  payment dates on or before  February 15, 1994, the difference
between  interest  calculated  at the rate of 9.50% per annum and the  Mandatory
Cash Amount (the  "Additional  Amount") was required to be payable to holders of
the Bonds in cash to the extent that Excess  Available Cash, as defined,  of the
Partnership was available for such purpose and in additional Units to the extent
that Excess  Available  Cash was less than the  Additional  Amount,  as defined.
Through August 15, 1993,  interest was paid to the  bondholders at the mandatory
cash rate, with the balance paid in additional units.

     As  discussed  in Note 2,  On  December  28,  1993  all of the  outstanding
Mortgage  Bonds and TC/GP  Common stock were either  redeemed or  exchanged  for
Mortgage  and PIK Notes.  The  Mortgage  Notes bear  interest,  payable in cash,
semi-annually,  commencing  May 15, 1994 at 11-3/4%  and mature on November  15,
2003.  As  discussed  in Note 2,  Recapitalization,  the net  book  value of the
exchanged  bonds has been carried  forward and allocated to the Mortgage and PIK
Notes in proportion to the principal amount of Notes issued.  Accordingly, as of
December 31, 1993, the Mortgage and PIK Notes  outstanding  are reflected on the
balance  sheet  net  of  unamortized  discount  of  $39,589,000  and  $8,257,000
respectively.  In the event the PIK Notes are  redeemed  prior to  November  15,
1998,  the interest rate on the Mortgage  Notes will be reduced to 11-1/2%.  The
Mortgage Notes may be redeemed at the Company's option at a specified percentage
of the principal amount commencing in 1998.



                                      F-10
<PAGE>


     The PIK Notes bear interest, payable at the Company's option in whole or in
part in cash and through the  issuance of  additional  PIK Notes,  semi-annually
commencing May 15, 1994 at the rate of 7% through September 30, 1994 and 13-7/8%
through  November  15,  2003.  Thereafter  interest on these Notes is payable in
cash, semi-annually at the rate of 13-7/8%. The PIK Notes mature on November 15,
2005.  The PIK  Notes may be  redeemed  at the  Company's  option at 100% of the
principal amount under certain conditions, as defined in the PIK Note Indenture,
and are  required  to be  redeemed  from a  specified  percentage  of any equity
offering which includes the Partnership.

     The terms of both the Mortgage  Notes and PIK Notes include  limitations on
the amount of additional  indebtedness the Partnership may incur,  distributions
of Partnership capital, investments and other business activities.

     The Mortgage Notes are secured by a promissory  note of the  Partnership to
the  Company  (the  "Partnership  Note") in an  amount  and with  payment  terms
necessary to service the Mortgage Notes.  The  Partnership  Note is secured by a
mortgage  on Trump's  Castle and  substantially  all of the other  assets of the
Partnership.  The  Partnership  Note has been  assigned  by the  Company  to the
Trustee  to secure  the  repayment  of the  Mortgage  Notes.  In  addition,  the
Partnership has guaranteed  (the  "Guaranty") the payment of the Mortgage Notes,
which Guaranty is secured by a mortgage on Trump's Castle.  The Partnership Note
and the Guaranty are expressly  subordinated  to the  indebtedness  described in
Note 5 (the "Senior  Indebtedness")  and the liens of the mortgages securing the
Partnership  Note and the Guaranty  are  subordinate  to the liens  securing the
Senior Indebtedness.

     The  PIK  Notes  are  secured  by a  subordinated  promissory  note  of the
Partnership to the Company (the "Subordinated Partnership Note"), which has been
assigned  to the  Trustee for the PIK Notes,  and the  Partnership  has issued a
subordinated  guaranty  (the  "Subordinated  Guaranty")  of the PIK  Notes.  The
Subordinated  Partnership  Note  and the  Subordinated  Guaranty  are  expressly
subordinated to the Senior Indebtedness, the Partnership Note and the Guaranty.


(5)  Other Borrowings:

     Bank Borrowings

     In  February  1988,  the  Company  and  the  Partnership   entered  into  a
$50,000,000 revolving credit facility with Midlantic National Bank ("Midlantic")
which  was later  converted  to a term loan in August  1990  ("Term  Loan").  In
addition,  in June 1990, the  Partnership  borrowed  $13,000,000  from Midlantic
under an  unsecured  line of  credit  pursuant  to a grid  note  ("Grid  Note").
Pursuant to the Plan, the terms of both of these loans were modified.

     The principal amount of the amended Term Loan (the "Amended Term Loan") was
reduced to $38,000,000.  The Amended Term Loan has an initial  maturity of three



                                      F-11
<PAGE>

years  from the  Effective  Date and bears  interest  at 9% per annum  over such
period. In accordance with its terms, the Partnership has the option, subject to
certain  conditions,  to extend the Amended Term Loan an additional  five years.
Upon such an  extension,  the interest rate on such loan will adjust to a market
rate,  but not less than a minimum  rate of 9%. The Amended Term Loan is secured
by a mortgage  lien on Trump's  Castle  that is prior to the lien  securing  the
Mortgage Notes (Note 4) and the Senior Notes described below.

     The amended Grid Note (the  "Amended  Grid Note") bore interest at 8.5% and
the outstanding principal amount was reduced to $7,000,000 payable on demand. On
December 28, 1993, the Amended Grid Note was paid in full.

     Senior Notes

     On December 28, 1993, the Company issued 11-1/2% Senior Secured Notes,  due
2000.  Similar  to the  Mortgage  Notes,  the  Senior  Notes are  secured  by an
assignment  of a promissory  note of the  Partnership  (the "Senior  Partnership
Note")  which  is  in  turn  secured  by  a  mortgage  on  Trump's   Castle  and
substantially  all of the other  assets of the  Partnership.  In  addition,  the
Partnership  has  guaranteed  (the "Senior  Guaranty") the payment of the Senior
Notes,  which Senior  Guaranty is secured by a mortgage on Trump's  Castle.  The
Senior  Partnership  Note is  subordinated  to the Amended  Term Loan  described
above.

     Interest on the Senior  Notes is payable  semiannually  commencing  May 15,
1994 at the  rate of  11-1/2%;  however  in the  event  that the PIK  Notes  are
redeemed  prior to  November  15,  1998,  the  interest  rate will be reduced to
11-1/4%.  The  Senior  Notes  are  subject  to  a  required  partial  redemption
commencing on June 1, 1998 at 100% of the principal amount.

(6)  Related Party Transactions:

     Trump Priority Interest

     During 1990, the Partnership borrowed $28,265,000 from Donald J. Trump, one
of its general  partners,  which  included  $9,889,000 of Series A-1 Bonds (face
value  $12,480,000),  the proceeds of which were used to  partially  satisfy the
June 1990 interest and sinking fund  requirements of the Old Bonds.  Pursuant to
the Plan, the above  obligations and related accrued interest of $5,060,000 were
canceled  and  contributed  to capital and Donald J. Trump  received in exchange
therefor a priority interest in the Partnership (the "Trump Priority Interest").
The Trump Priority Interest was initially  $15,000,000 and pursuant to the terms
of the  Partnership  Agreement,  the  Partnership was required to pay a priority
return thereon semi-annually at a rate per annum of up to 9.50%. Pursuant to the
terms of the  Recapitalization  Plan, the  Partnership  Agreement was amended to
provide,  among other things,  that Trump will be entitled to receive a priority


                                      F-12
<PAGE>

distribution  equal to the  Trump  Priority  Interest  upon  liquidation  and to
eliminate the priority return. For the year ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, no
amounts were paid as priority return on capital.

     Trump Management Fee

     The Partnership had a management  agreement with Trump's Castle  Management
Corp.  ("TCMC"),  a corporation wholly owned by Donald J. Trump (the "Management
Agreement").  The Management Agreement provided that the day-to-day operation of
Trump's Castle and all ancillary  properties  and businesses of the  Partnership
was to be under the exclusive management and supervision of TCMC.

     Pursuant to the Management  Agreement,  the Partnership was required to pay
an  annual  fee in the  amount  of  $1,500,000  to TCMC for  each  year in which
Earnings Before Interest,  Taxes,  Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA"),  as
defined,  exceeds certain levels. In addition,  TCMC,  beginning with the fiscal
year ended  December 31, 1994,  was to receive an incentive  fee equal to 10% of
the excess EBITDA over $45,000,000 for such fiscal year.  During the years ended
1993 and 1992,  the  Partnership  incurred fees and expenses of  $1,647,000  and
888,000 respectively, under the Management Agreement.

     As a result of the  Recapitalization  Plan described in Note 2, on December
28, 1993, the  Partnership  terminated  the  Management  Agreement with TCMC and
entered  into a Services  Agreement  with  TC/GP.  Pursuant  to the terms of the
services agreement, TC/GP is obligated to provide the Partnership,  from time to
time, when reasonably  requested,  consulting services on a non-exclusive basis,
relating to marketing,  advertising,  promotional  and other similar and related
services  with  respect  to the  business  and  operations  of the  Partnership,
including such other services as the Managing Partner may reasonably request.

     In consideration for the services to be rendered,  the Partnership will pay
TC/GP  an  annual  fee on the  same  basis  as that of the  previous  Management
Agreement, discussed above. The Services Agreement expires on December 31, 2005.

     Fred Trump Gaming Chip Liability

     In  December  1990,  Fred  Trump,  the  father of Donald J.  Trump,  placed
$3,500,000  in cash on deposit with the  Partnership's  casino  cage,  which was
recorded by the Partnership as a gaming patron deposit.  Counter checks totaling
$3,500,000 were issued against the deposit, for which Fred Trump received gaming
chips  valued  at  $3,500,000.  On  October  8,  1992,  in  accordance  with the
indenture,  Fred Trump redeemed $1,000,000 in gaming chips for cash. In December
1993, Fred Trump redeemed  $1,000,000 in gaming chips and placed the same amount
on deposit in the casino cage.  This amount was included in Patrons  Deposits as
of December  31,  1993 and was  subsequently  redeemed  on January 6, 1994.  The
remaining  liability may be redeemed at any time  provided  there shall exist no
Event of Default,  the Partnership  shall have achieved EBITDA for any period of


                                      F-13
<PAGE>

four  consecutive  fiscal quarters in an amount not less than $45,000,000 and or
if approved by a unanimous vote of the Board of Partner Representatives with the
unanimous consent of the Noteholder  Representatives.  The remaining gaming chip
liability to Fred Trump of $1,500,000 is included in unredeemed  chip  liability
as of December 31, 1993.

     Due from Affiliates

     Amounts due from  affiliates  were $615,000 and $742,000 as of December 31,
1993 and  1992,  respectively.  The  Partnership  has  engaged  in some  limited
intercompany  transactions with Trump's Plaza Associates (TPA),  Trump Taj Mahal
Associates,   (TTMA),   Plaza  Operating  Partners,   Ltd.  (Plaza  Hotel  --the
partnership  which  operates  The  Plaza  Hotel in New York  City) and the Trump
Organization  (TO).  TPA,  TTMA,  Plaza Hotel and TO are affiliates of Donald J.
Trump.  These  transactions  include  certain  shared  payroll  costs as well as
complimentary  services  offered to customers,  for which the Partnership  makes
initial payments and is then reimbursed by the affiliates.

     During 1993, the Partnership incurred expenses of approximately  $1,332,000
in  corporate  salaries and  $952,000 of other  transactions  on behalf of these
related  entities.  In addition,  the  Partnership  received  payments  totaling
$2,004,000  for services  rendered and had  $407,000 of  deductions  for similar
costs incurred by these related entities on behalf of the Partnership.

     During 1992, the Partnership incurred expenses of approximately  $1,240,000
in  corporate  salaries and  $513,000 of other  transactions  on behalf of these
related  entities.  In addition,  the  Partnership  received  payments  totaling
$1,372,000  for services  rendered and had  $202,000 of  deductions  for similar
costs incurred by these related entities on behalf of the Partnership.

     During 1991, the Partnership incurred expenses of approximately $898,000 in
corporate  salaries,  $1,294,000  in fleet  maintenance/limousine  services  and
$623,000 of other transactions on behalf of these related entities. In addition,
the Partnership  received payments totaling $2,721,000 for services rendered and
had $642,000 of deductions for similar costs incurred by these related  entities
on behalf of the Partnership.

     Partnership Distribution

     Under the terms of the Partnership Agreement,  the Partnership was required
to pay all costs incurred by TC/GP. For the year ended December 31, 1993 and for
the period from May 29, 1992 through  December 31, 1992,  the  Partnership  paid
$736,000 and $473,000,  respectively  of expenses on behalf of TC/GP,  which has
been reflected as a partnership distribution.



                                      F-14
<PAGE>


(7) Commitments and Contingencies:

     Casino License Renewal

     The  Partnership  is subject to regulation  and licensing by the New Jersey
Casino Control Commission (the "CCC"). The Partnership's  casino license must be
renewed  periodically,  is not  transferable,  is dependent  upon the  financial
stability  of the  Partnership  and  can be  revoked  at  any  time.  Due to the
uncertainty of any license renewal  application,  there can be no assurance that
the license will be renewed. Upon revocation, suspension for more than 120 days,
or  failure  to renew the  casino  license  due to the  Partnership's  financial
condition or for any other reason,  the Casino  Control Act ("the Act") provides
that the CCC may appoint a  conservator  to take  possession of and title to the
hotel and casino's business and property, subject to all valid liens, claims and
encumbrances.

     The CCC renewed the casino license of the Partnership  through May 31, 1995
subject to certain continuing reporting and compliance conditions.

     Employment Agreements

     The  Partnership  has entered into  employment  agreements with certain key
employees which expire at various dates through January 16, 1997.  Total minimum
commitments  on  these  agreements  at  December  31,  1993  were  approximately
$6,507,000.

     Legal Proceedings

     The  Partnership  is involved in legal  proceedings  incurred in the normal
course of business.  In the opinion of management and its counsel,  if adversely
decided,  none  of  these  proceedings  would  have  a  material  effect  on the
consolidated financial position of the Partnership.

     Casino Reinvestment Development Authority Obligations

     Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, the Partnership,  commencing  twelve
months after the date of opening of Trump's  Castle in June 1985 and  continuing
for a period of twenty-five years thereafter,  must either obtain investment tax
credits (as defined in the Act),  in an amount  equivalent to 1.25% of its gross
casino revenues (as defined in the Act) or pay an alternative tax of 2.5% of its
gross  casino  revenues.  Investment  tax  credits  may be  obtained  by  making
qualified  investments,  as defined, or by the purchase of bonds at below market
interest rates from the Casino Reinvestment  Development Authority ("CRDA"). The
Partnership is required to make quarterly  deposits with the CRDA to satisfy its
investment obligations.

     In April 1990, the  Partnership  modified its agreement with the CRDA under
which  it was  required  to  purchase  CRDA  bonds  to  satisfy  the  investment
alternative  tax.  Under the terms of the  agreement,  the  Partnership  donated


                                      F-15
<PAGE>

$9,589,000  in  deposits  previously  made to the CRDA for the  purchase of CRDA
bonds through  December 31, 1989 in exchange for  satisfaction  of an equivalent
amount of its prior bond purchase  commitments,  as well as receiving future tax
credits to be used to satisfy substantial  portions of the Partnership's  future
investment  alternative tax obligations over the following four to six quarters.
As a result of this agreement,  the Partnership charged $1,588,000 to operations
in 1990 to reduce  deposits  previously  made to the  amount of the  future  tax
credits received.

     For the years ended  December 31, 1993,  1992,  and 1991,  the  Partnership
charged to operations,  $115,000, $679,000 and $1,959,000,  respectively,  which
represents  amortization  of a portion of the tax credits  discussed  above.  In
addition, for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, the Partnership
charged to operations  $953,000,  $656,000 and $137,000,  respectively,  to give
effect to the below market interest rates associated with purchased CRDA bonds.


(8) Employee Benefits Plans:

     The  Partnership has a retirement  savings plan for its nonunion  employees
under Section  401(k) of the Internal  Revenue  Code.  Employees are eligible to
contribute  up to 15% of their  earnings  to the plan up to the  maximum  amount
permitted by law, and the Partnership  will match 50% of an eligible  employee's
contributions up to a maximum of 4% of the employee's earnings.  The Partnership
recorded charges of approximately  $846,000,  $764,000 and $343,000 for matching
contributions   for  the  years  ended   December  31,  1993,   1992  and  1991,
respectively.

     The  Partnership  makes  payments to various  trusteed  pension plans under
industry-wide union agreements. The payments are based on the hours worked by or
gross wages paid to covered  employees.  It is not  practical to  determine  the
amount of payments  ultimately used to fund pension benefit plans or the current
financial  condition of the plans. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act,  the  Partnership  may be  liable  for its  share  of the  plans'  unfunded
liabilities, if any, if the plans are terminated.  Pension expense for the years
ended  December 31, 1993,  1992 and 1991 were  $407,000,  $397,000 and $308,000,
respectively.

     The Partnership provides no other material post employment benefits.


(9) Financial Information of the Company:

     Financial information relating to the Company as of and for the years ended
December 31, 1993 and 1992 is as follows:



                                      F-16
<PAGE>


                                    1993                  1992
                                    ----                  ----

Total Assets (including         $319,876,000          $337,771,000
Mortgage Notes Receivable       ============          ============
Of $242,141,000, PIK
Notes Receivable of
$50,499,000 and Senior
Notes Receivable of
$27,000,000 in 1993 and
Mortgage Bonds Receivable
of $326,056,000 in 1992.)

Total Liabilities and           $319,876,000          $337,771,000
Capital (including              ============          ============
Mortgage Notes payable of
$242,141,000, PIK Notes
payable of $50,499,000
and Senior Notes Payable
of $27,000,000 in 1993 and
Mortgage Bonds Payable of
$326,056,000 in 1992

Interest Income                 $ 42,008,000          $ 34,866,000

Interest Expense                $ 42,008,000          $ 34,866,000
                                ------------          ------------
Net Income                      $     -               $     -
                                ============          ============


(10)  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     The  carrying  amount  of  the  following  financial   instruments  of  the
Partnership and the Company  approximate  fair value,  as follows:  (a) cash and
cash  equivalents  and accrued  interest  receivables  and payables based on the
short term  nature of the  financial  instruments,  (b) CRDA bonds and  deposits
based on the  allowances to give effect to the below market  interest  rates (c)
the Senior Notes based on the recently negotiated terms as of December 28, 1993.

     The fair  values  of the  Mortgage  Notes and PIK Notes are based on quoted
market  prices.  The fair value of the Mortgage Bonds was based on quoted market
prices obtained by the Partnership from its investment advisor.

     The estimated fair values of other financial instruments are as follows:

                                          December 31, 1993
                                    -----------------------------
                                    Carrying Amount    Fair Value
                                    ---------------  -------------
11-3/4% Mortgage Notes............  $  202,552,000   $ 232,456,000
Increasing Rate PIK Notes.......... $   42,242,000   $  42,419,000



                                      F-17
<PAGE>


                                          December 31, 1992
                                    -----------------------------
                                    Carrying Amount    Fair Value
                                    ---------------  -------------
9-1/2% Mortgage Bonds.............  $ 234,445,000    $ 233,945,000


     There are no quoted market prices for the Partnership Amended Term Loan and
a reasonable estimate of its value could not be made without incurring excessive
costs.



                                      F-18
<PAGE>

                                                                     SCHEDULE II
                    TRUMP'S CASTLE ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARY

            SCHEDULE II -- AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES,

        UNDERWRITERS, PROMOTERS AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993, 1992 AND 1991

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Balance at
                                                          Beginning                                              Balance at
                 Name of Debtor                           of Period         Additions       Deductions         End of Period
                 --------------                           ----------        ---------       ----------         -------------
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>              <C>                  <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993:
     The Trump Organization                                 $200,000          $51,000         ($26,000)          $225,000
     Trump Plaza Associates                                  336,000        1,168,000       (1,183,000)           321,000
     Trump Taj Mahal Associates
          Partnership                                        206,000        1,065,000       (1,202,000)            69,000
                                                          ----------       ----------       ----------           --------
                                                            $742,000       $2,284,000      ($2,411,000)          $615,000
                                                          ==========       ==========       ==========           ========

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992:
     The Trump Organization                                 $120,000          $93,000         ($13,000)          $200,000
     Trump Plaza Associates                                  349,000        1,009,000       (1,022,000)           336,000
     New York Plaza Hotel                                     24,000            -              (24,000)              -
     Trump Taj Mahal Associates
          Partnership                                         70,000          651,000         (515,000)           206,000
                                                          ----------       ----------       ----------           --------

                                                            $563,000       $1,753,000      ($1,574,000)          $742,000
                                                          ==========       ==========       ==========           ========

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1991:
     The Trump Organization                                   $3,000         $120,000          ($3,000)          $120,000
     Trump Plaza Associates                                  481,000        1,121,000       (1,253,000)           349,000
     New York Plaza Hotel                                     89,000            -              (65,000)            24,000
     Trump Taj Mahal Associates
          Partnership                                        538,000        1,574,000       (2,042,000)            70,000
                                                          ----------       ----------       ----------           --------
                                                          $1,111,000       $2,815,000      ($3,363,000)          $563,000
                                                          ==========       ==========       ==========           ========

</TABLE>

    All of the above amounts are noninterest bearing and are due on demand.


                                      F-19

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
