-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 AjgPDguys8qqKAiTSIgYVBsc4efSRaWDdU/H5+lZexGT+XgprYHGGRRgRs4+a9cX
 G5RwzoaCuw7R4SVofekPkQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000889810-95-000067.txt : 19951002
<SEC-HEADER>0000889810-95-000067.hdr.sgml : 19951002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000889810-95-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950928
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000718244
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				951946054
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10696
		FILM NUMBER:		95576655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21061 S WESTERN AVE
		CITY:			TORRANCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3103280900
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WESTERN WASTE 10-K
<TEXT>

                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
     (Mark One)                       FORM 10-K
     [X]    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
            SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
       For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995.   OR
     [  ]   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
            SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]
       For the transition period from . . . . . . . . to  . . . . . . . . 
                           Commission file number  0-11264
                               WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES
                (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
            California                                      95-1946054
     (State of other jurisdiction of                     (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)
     21061 South Western Avenue
      Torrance, California                                      90501
     (Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)

          Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 328-0900
             Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                     Name of each exchange
     Title of each class                              on which registered  
     Common Stock, no par value                     New York Stock Exchange

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports
     required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
     or 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the
     registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
     such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  [X]  No [ ]

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
     Item 405 for Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
     contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
     information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
     Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.                 [X]

         As of September 21, 1995 there were 14,649,469 shares of Western Waste
     Industries Common Stock, no par value outstanding held by approximately
783
     shareholders of record. The aggregate market value of Western Waste
     Industries common stock held by non-affiliates as of September 21, 1995,
     was approximately $200,509,000.

                         DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

       Portions of the Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed
     pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the
     fiscal year (June 30, 1995) are incorporated by reference in Part III.  

                              Exhibit Index on page 57.
                                    Page 1 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                      PART I
                                      ------
        Item 1.   Business

        GENERAL
        -------
              Western Waste Industries is a provider of integrated waste
        services to commercial, industrial and residential customers. 
        These services consist of the collection, transfer and disposal
        of solid waste in certain areas of California, Texas, Louisiana,
        Florida, Colorado and Arkansas.  The Company has 91 franchise
        agreements.  As part of its business, the Company operates six
        landfills, three transfer stations and five recycling facilities.

             The Company's operations are aligned, for management
        oversight purposes, into two regions. Each region is further
        divided into a number of divisions.  Each region is headed by a
        regional vice president responsible for the operating and
        financial performance of that region.   Regional responsibility
        for local divisions is exercised by assisting with the develop-
        ment and approval of each division's capital budget, the review
        and implementation of profit, pricing and corporate development
        goals and the monitoring of performance. Each division's
        operation is a distinct, localized service business that is
        managed, on a day-to-day basis, at the local level.  The
        Company's regions and operating locations are responsible, with
        support and resources provided by the corporate office, for
        compliance with all applicable rules and regulations.

             The Company has a diversified customer base with no single
        customer accounting for more than 10% of the Company's revenue in
        any one of its last three fiscal years.  During fiscal 1993, 1994
        and 1995, contributions to revenue by state were as follows:

                                                 Contribution to Revenue 
                                                         By State        
                                                    Year Ended June 30,  
                                                 ------------------------
                                                 1993      1994      1995
                                                 ----      ----      ----
        California                                64%       68%       68%

        Texas/Arkansas                            19        18        19

        Florida                                   11         9         9

        Colorado                                   3         3         3

        Louisiana                                  3         2         1 
                                                 ----      ----      ----
                                                 100%      100%      100%
                                                 ====      ====      ====



                                    Page 2 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        Contributions to revenue by type for fiscal 1993, 1994, and 1995
        were as follows:

                                                 Contribution to Revenue 
                                                         by Type         
                                                    Year Ended June 30,  
                                                 ------------------------
                                                 1993      1994      1995
                                                 ----      ----      ----
        Collection Services                      86%       85%       83%

        Landfill Operations                       6         7         7

        Transfer Stations                         2         3         3

        Recycling and Waste Diversion             4         4         6

        Other                                     2         1          1 
                                                 ----      ----      ----
                                                 100%      100%      100%
                                                 ====      ====      ====


        COLLECTION SERVICES
        -------------------
             Contracts.  Substantially all of the Company's residential,
        and a certain portion of its commercial and industrial collection
        services are performed under 91 municipal and regional authority
        contracts.  These contracts presently represent approximately 49%
        of the Company's revenue.  A contract is an agreement awarded by
        a municipality or regional authority to provide collection and/or
        recycling services to commercial and industrial or residential
        customers in the jurisdiction.

             These contracts are normally awarded following competitive
        bidding, usually have terms of five or more years, and contain
        renewal options.  Such contracts provide for rate adjustments
        including, but not limited to, increases in the consumer price
        index and disposal cost increases.  Payment for residential
        services is generally received directly from the municipality or
        authority.

             Most of the remaining collection revenues are provided under
        one to three year service agreements.

             Commercial and Industrial.  The Company provides collection
        services to more than 71,000 commercial and industrial customer
        locations, which accounted for approximately 55% of total fiscal
        1995 revenue.  Commercial and industrial collection services are
        generally performed under agreements, and fees are determined by
        such factors as collection frequency, type of equipment and
        containers furnished, type and volume or weight of the waste
        collected and the distance to the disposal site.  40% of


                                    Page 3 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        commercial and industrial services are performed under municipal
        and regional authority contracts.

             The Company's commercial and industrial customers utilize
        containers that range from one to 45 cubic yards in size.  The
        use of containers enables the Company to service most of its
        commercial and industrial customers with collection vehicles
        operated by a single employee.  Stationary compactors, which
        reduce the volume of the stored waste prior to collection, are
        frequently installed by the Company on the premises of large
        volume customers.

             The Company has interstate industrial transportation
        operations servicing primarily customers for the Company's Texas,
        Louisiana and Arkansas industrial non-hazardous disposal sites. 
        The Company currently holds authority to transport waste in 21
        states, mostly in the southern portion of the United States.  The
        Company believes that further development of its industrial
        transportation capabilities in close coordination with its
        disposal sites will strengthen its ability to provide fully
        integrated industrial waste handling services.

             Residential.  During fiscal 1995, approximately 28% of total
        revenue was derived from the collection and transportation of
        residential refuse to a landfill or transfer station.  The
        Company serviced approximately 715,000 homes and other
        residential dwelling units.  Substantially all of the services
        for homes and other residential units are performed under
        exclusive franchise agreements granted by municipalities or
        regional authorities.  Fees are based primarily on market
        factors, frequency and type of service, distance to processing or
        disposal facilities and cost of processing or disposal. 
        Residential collection fees are normally paid by the
        municipalities out of tax revenues, service charges or, in a
        limited amount of cases, are paid directly by the residents
        receiving the service to the Company.


        LANDFILLS
        ---------
             Landfill disposal continues to be a primary depository for
        solid waste in North America.  With the enactment of the Resource
        Recovery and Conservation Act Subtitle D regulations, the impact
        on landfill design, permitting and construction has increased
        capital resources required to develop additional disposal
        capacity.  At the same time, the Company believes that
        replacement of existing disposal capacity with more costly,
        environmentally secure capacity will result generally in an
        increase in the price of waste disposal.

              The Company operates six disposal sites in California,
        Texas, Louisiana and Florida.   Certain of these sites have
        expansion plans and additional sites are under development or in
        construction.   Of the six operating landfills, four are owned by

                                   Page 4 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        the Company.  None of the landfills are permitted to accept
        hazardous waste, and the Company's policies and controls are
        structured to comply with the permitted status.  Disposal fees
        received from third parties generated approximately 7% of fiscal
        1995 revenue.

             In Southern California, the Company owns and operates the
        El Sobrante landfill which began receiving waste in July 1986. 
        Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds were issued to finance its
        development.  The El Sobrante landfill operates under a joint
        development agreement with the County of Riverside for an initial
        term of 15 years with two successive five year renewal options. 
        At the present waste disposal rate, the site has an estimated
        remaining life of approximately thirteen years.  Commencing in
        September 1992, the Company was allowed to import solid waste
        collected outside of Riverside County to the El Sobrante Landfill
        site.  The amount of out-of-county waste is subject to certain
        restrictions, and cannot exceed 1.8 million tons in total.  In
        March 1995, the Company received a permit to increase the daily
        tonnage from 2,000 to 4,000 tons per day.

             The Company acquired 1,220 acres contiguous to the existing
        El Sobrante operating site with the intent of expanding landfill
        operations.  The Company has begun the permitting process for
        this acreage which, if successful, would add 100 million tons of
        disposal capacity to this site.  In April 1991, the Company
        signed a preliminary memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the
        County of Riverside regarding this acreage.   This MOU included a
        provision for up to a 10,000 tons per day operation, and
        increased the amount of out-of-county waste which the site may
        accept.  A preliminary Environmental Impact Report has been
        prepared and commented on.  The final Environmental Impact Report
        has not been issued.  There is no assurance that the expansion
        project will be permitted.

             In Texas, the Company leases and operates a 64-acre MSW
        disposal site in Conroe for the City of Conroe.  The lease term
        is for the life of the site with a remaining projected life of
        approximately one year.  

             Adjacent to the Conroe, Texas leased site, the Company
        operates a special waste (non-hazardous industrial) landfill on a
        100-acre tract owned by the Company and repermitted by the Texas
        Water Commission in April 1992.  The Company began receiving
        waste under this permit in August 1992.  Current estimates of the
        operating life of the facility is in excess of 25 years.  The
        Company acquired an additional 78-acre tract in May 1989 with the
        intention of utilizing it for future development.  The Company
        has been constructing a waste stabilization facility that will
        increase the existing tank capacity from 11,000 gallons to
        approximately 130,000 gallon capacity.  This will enable the
        Company to increase the market share for special waste.


                                    Page 5 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
             In 1990, the Company acquired a 90-acre landfill from the
        City of New Boston, Texas, located 25 miles west of Texarkana. 
        The permit has been upgraded and the site is currently operating. 
        The life of this facility is estimated to exceed four years.  The
        Company is in the process of developing and submitting a permit
        modification that will double the existing capacity of the
        landfill and thereby increase the life to eight years. 

             In Florida, the Company operates a 65-acre site under
        contract with the County of Nassau.  The contract had an initial
        term of two years through September 1989, and the Company
        subsequently received a three year extension of the contract.  In
        1991, the Company negotiated a $14 million contract with the
        County of Nassau, to construct and operate an additional 140-
        acre landfill for an initial term of five years with a five year
        extension option.  Under the terms of the agreement, the Company
        closed the existing 65-acre tract is constructing a new disposal
        site.  A portion of the new site has been in operation since
        1993.  In 1992, the Company negotiated a modification to the
        construction contract to provide for an expansion of the site
        airspace capacity.  The construction project is scheduled for
        completion in fiscal 1996.

             In September 1990, the Company acquired a 240-acre waste
        disposal facility in Livonia, Louisiana, approximately 22 miles
        west of Baton Rouge.  This facility, which is permitted to
        receive municipal solid waste and special waste, began operations
        in fiscal 1996.  Within the site is a non-hazardous
        oilfield waste disposal facility.  This facility no longer
        accepts waste and is in closure.

             In Arkansas, the Company owns a 160-acre landfill in
        Texarkana.  The site, which stopped receiving waste in May 1993,
        is filled to permit capacity and is being closed.  The
        application for a permit covering the remaining unfilled 40 acres
        has been denied. The Company has entered into an agreement with
        the State that will allow the Company to resubmit a permit
        application covering the 40 acres. There is no assurance that the
        expansion project will be permitted.

             The Company has the right to acquire a 648-acre site for the
        development of a municipal solid waste and special waste landfill
        approximately five miles east of Lake Charles, Louisiana.  The
        permit application was denied by the Louisiana Department of
        Environmental Quality and is currently the subject of appeal
        through a state administrative proceeding.

                The Company has entered into a joint development
        arrangement with Gold Fields Mining, a wholly owned subsidiary of
        Hanson PLC,  and SP Environmental, a sister subsidiary of the
        Southern Pacific Railroad for the purpose of developing a waste-
        by-rail project called California RailFill Systems.  The name was
        recently changed from California InteRail.  The parties are in

                                    Page 6 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        the process of permitting a landfill in Imperial County,
        California, which has an approximate capacity of 600 million
        tons.  The project has been approved by the Board of Supervisors
        of Imperial County and the parties are in the process of applying
        for various technical permits from certain agencies.  As part of
        this project, existing facilities owned by the Company, SP
        Environmental, and others could be utilized and new facilities
        will be developed on an as needed basis.  Upon receipt of the
        remaining permits the landfill could be operational as early as
        1997.

             In accordance with the Company's overall plan of corporate
        development, other landfill sites are currently being evaluated
        both in the Company's existing markets and new markets for joint
        collection and disposal investment.  Sites for certain projects
        have been selected and preliminary engineering analyses are
        currently underway.  Normally, the permitting process for
        landfill sites takes three to five years.

                            OPERATING LANDFILL SUMMARY

                                                         Permitted
        Location                      Type(a)              Acres
        --------                      -------            ---------
        OWNED
          Riverside, CA                 SW                 160
          Livonia, LA                   SW/SP               75
          Conroe, TX                    SP                 100
          New Boston, TX                SW                  90
                                                        ------
        Total Owned                                        425

        MANAGED
          Callahan, FL                  SW                 140
          Conroe, TX                    SW                  64
                                                        ------
        Total Managed                                      204
                                                        ------
        Total Operating                                    629
                                                        ======

        (a)  Key: SW=Solid Waste
                  SP=Special (Industrial Non-Hazardous) Waste


        TRANSFER STATIONS
        -----------------
           The Company owns or operates three transfer stations.  A
        transfer station is a facility conveniently located near
        residential and commercial collection routes where solid waste is
        received from collection vehicles and then transferred to and
        compacted in large, specially constructed trailers for
        transportation to disposal facilities.  This procedure reduces
        costs by improving utilization of collection personnel and
                                   Page 7 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        equipment.  The services of these facilities are provided to
        private haulers, municipalities or counties.  Fees are generally
        based upon such considerations as market factors, the type and
        volume or weight of the waste transferred, the extent of
        recycling, the transport distance involved and the cost of
        disposal.

          The Company has a transfer station in Carson, California which
        currently processes approximately 2,400 tons per day. 
        Approximately 84% of the tonnage delivered to this transfer
        station is provided by the Company's collection operations with
        the remainder received from municipalities which collect their
        own residential refuse and from other refuse haulers.  The
        Company has applied for approval to increase the volume of waste
        processed at the transfer station to 3,000 tons of solid waste
        per day.  This application is pending.  There is no assurance
        that the increase will be approved.

          In March 1993, the Company was awarded a contract to operate
        the Sunnyvale Materials Recovery and Transfer Station (SMART). 
        The service area for the station is the cities of Sunnyvale,
        Mountain View, and Palo Alto, California.  The initial term of
        the contract is for seven years with an option to extend by the
        City for up to an additional seven years.  The operation began on
        October 1, 1993.

          The Company operates a transfer station adjacent to the
        Company's Fresno operations.  The transfer station, which
        includes a commercial materials recycling building, is designed
        to receive up to 2,500 tons per day of solid waste.  The solid
        waste permit currently allows up to 1,000 tons per day with a
        green waste storage area.


        RECYCLING/WASTE DIVERSION
        -------------------------
          The Company operates five recycling facilities in California,
        one each in Redondo Beach, Chino, Carson, Sunnyvale, and San
        Jose.  Revenue related to these facilities accounted for
        approximately 4%, 4% and 6% of total revenue in fiscal 1993, 1994
        and 1995, respectively.  Recycling involves the removal of
        reusable materials from the waste stream for processing and sale
        for use in various applications.  The Company is assisting
        certain communities, with which it has municipal contracts, in
        implementing recycling programs, and has entered into long-term
        recycling agreements with several communities in the Company's
        markets.  The Company is also involved in receiving, processing,
        composting and end-market  distribution of green and wood waste
        material in California and Texas.






                                    Page 8 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        OTHER ACTIVITIES
        ----------------
          Western Waste is involved in certain other business activities,
        relating to waste services, including construction support,
        earth-moving, excavation contracting, and engineering and
        consulting services.  In addition, in fiscal 1993, 1994 and 1995,
        the Company was involved in the construction of a new landfill
        for Nassau County, Florida.


        REGULATION
        ----------
          The collection and disposal of solid waste, operation of
        landfills and rendering of related environmental services are
        subject to federal, state and local requirements which regulate
        health, safety, the environment, zoning and land-use.   
        Operating permits are generally required for landfills and
        certain collection vehicles, and these permits are subject to
        revocation, modification and renewal.  Federal, state and local
        regulations vary, but generally govern disposal activities and
        the location and use of facilities and also impose restrictions
        to prohibit or minimize air and water pollution.  In addition,
        governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance
        with these regulations and to obtain injunctions or impose fines
        in the case of violations, including criminal penalties.  These
        regulations are administered by the EPA and various other
        federal, state and local environmental health and safety agencies
        and authorities, including the Occupational Safety and Health
        Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor.

          In recent years, a number of communities have instituted "flow
        control" requirements, which typically require that waste
        collected within a particular area be deposited at a designated
        facility.  In May 1994, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that a flow
        control ordinance was inconsistent with the Commerce Clause of
        the Constitution of the United States.  A number of lower federal
        courts have struck down similar measures.  Congress recently
        considered, but did not adopt, legislation that would have
        partially overturned the Supreme Court's decision.  The 1995
        Congress may also examine bills that immunize particular
        governmental actions (for example, flow control that results from
        franchises or municipal contracts) from Commerce Clause scrutiny. 
        In the absence of federal legislation, certain local laws that
        seek to direct waste flows to designated facilities may be
        unenforceable.

          Under the Clean Air Act, the EPA proposed regulations in May
        1991 which would require extensive methane gas collection systems
        to be installed at many of the Company's landfills.  Although
        these regulations are not expected to be finalized until the
        end of 1995, the Company has proceeded to design, permit and
        install gas extraction and control systems at many of its
        facilities.  The Company believes these systems substantially
        comply with the proposed regulations under the Clean Air Act. 
                                    Page 9 of 191                    <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        The Company is also seeking operating and other applicable
        permits for its activities and is pursuing a strategy of reducing
        emissions from both mobile and stationary sources. 
        Implementation of certain provisions of the Clean Air Act will
        result in additional stringent control for those areas of the
        country that are placed in "nonattainment status". 

          Collection Services: In the solid waste collection phase,
        regulation takes such forms as licensing of collection vehicles,
        vehicle safety requirements, vehicle weight limitation and, in
        certain localities, limitations on rates, area, time, frequency
        of collection and transportation of waste to disposal sites. 
        Zoning and land use restrictions are encountered in the solid
        waste transfer, resource recovery and disposal phases of the
        Company's business.  Air quality and noise pollution regulations
        may also affect the Company's operations.  Governmental
        authorities have the power to enforce compliance, and violators
        are subject to injunctions or fines, or both.  Private
        individuals may also have the right to sue to enforce compliance. 
        Safety standards under the Occupational Safety and Health Act are
        also applicable.

          Landfills:  In 1980 the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
        Compensation and Liability Act ("Superfund" or "CERCLA") was
        issued.  CERCLA addresses problems created by the release of
        hazardous substances into the environment.  CERCLA imposes
        strict, joint and several liability on the present or former
        operators of facilities which release hazardous substances into
        the environment.  Waste generators and transporters are also
        strictly liable.  It is possible that the EPA or others could
        contend that at least some amounts of hazardous substances exist
        in the Company's operating and closed disposal facilities.  If
        these sites ever experience environmental problems, there can be
        no assurance that the Company will not face claims resulting in
        liability.

          In 1991, the EPA issued revisions to Subtitle D of the Resource
        Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 ("RCRA") which regulates
        the handling, transportation and disposal of waste and requires
        states to develop programs to ensure the safe disposal of waste. 
        These revisions affected comprehensive solid waste management
        regulations, including location standards, facility design and
        operating criteria, closure and post-closure requirements,
        financial assurance standards, and groundwater monitoring and
        corrective action standards which were not previously in place or
        enforced at landfills.  The Company believes that all Company
        landfills meet or exceed compliance with these regulations.  In
        addition, the Company's planned landfill expansions will be
        engineered to meet or exceed these requirements.

          The Company has periodically undertaken, and may in the future
        undertake or be required to implement and/or adhere to,
        environmental guidelines at existing facilities, and to add
        additional monitoring post-closure maintenance or corrective

                                    Page 10 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        measures at closed waste disposal sites.  The Company cannot
        predict the financial impact, if any, of such matters on the
        Company's operations.
          
          During the ordinary course of its landfill operations, the
        Company is, as are others in the industry, subject to
        governmental enforcement proceedings and resulting fines or other
        sanctions from such authorities regarding full compliance with
        applicable environmental or health or safety regulations.  The
        Company believes that based on the results of management's review
        of its operations, that it has taken appropriate charges and that
        expense accruals have been provided by the Company for its share
        of any of these potential liabilities.  

             Transportation Services: The Company's transportation of
        hazardous waste consists of the hauling of solid material in
        either individual sealed containers or in specially designed, and
        licensed bins.  The State of California licenses the bins and
        trailers and the tractors are subject to the Southern California
        Air Quality Management District's regulations in regard to local
        enforcement of the Clean Air Act.  The Clean Air Act provides for
        the federal, state, and local regulation of the emission of air
        pollutants.  The Company's transporting operation has not been
        subject to any requirement of the Clean Air Act other than the
        required posting by the Southern California Air Quality
        Management District in regard to smog alert requirements, which
        is in effect for all of the Company's fleet and most other
        companies in the same geographical area. 

          Summary: The Company believes that it is currently in
        substantial compliance with all applicable federal, state and
        local laws, permits, orders, and regulations.  The Company
        believes that there will probably be increased regulation and
        legislation related to the waste management industry in the
        future.  The Company attempts to anticipate future regulatory,
        political and legal developments that might affect its operations
        and plans accordingly to remain in compliance with the regulatory
        framework.  The Company cannot predict the extent to which any
        legislation or regulation that may be enacted or enforced in the
        future may affect its operations particularly in the event that
        regulations are applied retroactively.


        CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT
        ---------------------
          The Company's corporate development program emphasizes the
        development of a broad range of waste services.  These services
        include collection, recycling, processing, composting, transfer
        and disposal.  This range enables the Company to compete for
        business and expand current customer relationships.

          Management envisions that this program will result in the
        expansion of its landfill operations, further penetration of its
        existing collection markets, and acquisitions which either

                                    Page 11 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        complement its existing operations or allow it to expand into new
        geographic markets.

          Waste reduction legislation in California, Florida and
        Louisiana, and contemplated in other states in which the Company
        operates, is causing municipalities to rethink their waste
        programs.  The Company views recycling and other municipal waste
        service reducti/on programs as the catalyst which will enable the
        Company to expand its services to communities and customers it
        currently does not serve and further cement relationships with
        current customers.

          Management believes that as local governmental budgets face
        fiscal constraints, an increasing number of municipalities will
        turn to private sector companies to meet their waste disposal
        demands.  The Company, in an effort to expand its customer base,
        has therefore focused a significant amount of its marketing
        efforts on obtaining additional municipal franchises to
        supplement its existing 91 franchises.

             The Company's acquisition activity has been focused on
        collection companies either within or located near current
        Western Waste operations.  The Company has also acquired
        companies to expand into new markets.  Although the Company's
        acquisition activity has decreased over the last two years, as
        management has concentrated on controlling costs over that
        period, the Company remains interested in acquisitions and
        intends to increase acquisition activity in fiscal 1996.  There
        can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in making
        these acquisitions.


        BONDING AND INSURANCE
        ---------------------
          In order to submit a bid or proposal to a governmental or
        corporate entity to provide collection, hauling and disposal
        services, the Company is often required to submit simultaneously
        a bid bond or a letter of credit and, upon contract award,
        provide a bond or letter of credit to secure its performance of
        the contract.  Management believes that its current bonding
        coverage and borrowing capacity are adequate for its present
        needs.

             The Company has a risk management program whereby it retains
        the liability, subject to maximum limits, for auto, general
        liability, employee health and welfare benefits and workers'
        compensation.   The Company carries insurance coverage which
        management considers sufficient to protect the assets and
        operations of the Company, including excess umbrella and special
        hazardous waste transportation coverage.

          Management believes the self insured loss reserves of the
        Company are adequate.  The Company establishes reserves to cover
        its estimated liabilities for unpaid loss and loss adjustment
                                    Page 12 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        expenses related to claims reported before the balance sheet
        date, claims incurred but not yet reported, and the expenses of
        investigating and adjusting all claims incurred prior to the
        balance sheet date.  All estimated liabilities are net of
        estimated salvage and subrogation recoveries and net of insurance
        coverage above self-insurance retention levels.

          The Company establishes self insured  loss reserves based on
        estimates of the ultimate cost of claims (including loss
        adjustment expenses) which have been reported but not fully paid,
        and of claims which have been incurred but not yet reported.  The
        length of time for which such costs must be estimated varies
        depending on the coverage involved.  Actual claim costs are
        dependent upon such complex factors as inflation, changes in the
        doctrines of legal liability and size of damage awards.  Because
        of the variables involved, the reserving process results in an
        estimate rather than an exact calculation of liabilities.

          Liabilities for self insured losses, including loss adjustment
        expenses, are revalued periodically using a variety of actuarial
        and statistical techniques for producing current estimates of
        expected claim costs.  Claim frequency and severity and other
        social and economic factors are considered in the valuation
        process.  A provision for inflation in the calculation of future
        claim costs is implicit since reliance is placed on both actual
        historical data which reflect past inflation and on factors which
        are judged to be appropriate additions to or modifiers of past
        experience such as industry experience.  Adjustments to
        previously estimated liabilities in connection with establishing
        self-insurance reserves are reflected in current operating
        results in the period in which they are determined.


        COMPETITION
        -----------
          The waste services industry is very competitive and requires
        substantial labor and capital resources.  The Company encounters
        competition from large national waste management companies (WMX
        Technologies, Inc.,Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc., Sanifill and
        USA Waste Services, Inc.), smaller regional companies and
        numerous local independent operators.  The Company also competes
        with municipalities and industrial facilities which provide their
        own waste management services.  Some of the Company's competitors
        are much larger and have greater financial resources than the
        Company.  Competition in the Company's markets is based primarily
        on service, reliability, and price.

          The Company competes for landfill business on the basis of
        tipping fees, geographical location, and quality of operations. 
        The Company's ability to obtain landfill business may be limited
        by the fact that some major collection companies also own or
        operate landfills, to which they send their waste.  The Company
        competes for collection accounts primarily on the basis of price
        and the quality of its services.  From time to time, competitors
                                    Page 13 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        may reduce the price of their services in an effort to expand
        market share. 


        EMPLOYEES
        ---------
          The Company currently employs approximately 1,770 persons,
        consisting of approximately 90 managers and executives,
        approximately 1,110 persons employed in collection, transfer,
        resource recovery and disposal activities, approximately 200
        persons employed in equipment repair and maintenance, and
        approximately 370 persons employed in sales, clerical, data
        processing and other activities.  Approximately 29% of the
        Company's employees are represented by a union under collective
        bargaining agreements.  The Company did not experience a
        significant work stoppage in any of the reporting periods covered
        by this Form 10-K and believes its employee relations are good.


        Item 2.  Properties.
        -------  ----------
          The principal fixed assets of the Company consist of vehicles
        and equipment which include approximately 1,240 collection,
        recycling, transfer and support vehicles, an estimated 1,030,000
        storage containers, roll-off boxes and recycling bins, and
        approximately 240 portable and stationary compactors.

          Substantially all of the Company's buildings, truck yards,
        trucks, etc. are owned by the Company rather than leased. 
        Company holdings include approximately 2,800 acres of real
        property, including approximately 2,550 acres used or being
        developed as landfills.  It leases an additional 130 acres of
        which 64 acres are for landfill.  The total space of all
        buildings utilized by the Company is approximately 545,000 square
        feet.  

          The Company purchased certain general office facilities in
        Torrance, California in December 1991.  A portion of these
        facilities is being used for the Company's corporate
        headquarters.  The remaining facilities are currently being
        leased to outside parties.

          Management believes that the Company's property and equipment
        are adequate for its present business needs.  The Company
        intends, however, to continue to invest in additional property
        and equipment for both expansion and replacement of existing
        assets.

        Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
        -------  -----------------
          On or about October 13, 1993 the Company was served with a
        class action lawsuit now entitled In re Western Waste Industries
                                          ------------------------------

                                    Page 14 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        Securities Litigation, Case No. CV-93 6126 KN filed in the United
        ---------------------
        States District Court for the Central District of California. 
        The complaint alleges that the Company violated federal
        securities laws with regard to certain disclosures and
        representations made by the Company and certain alleged omissions
        on the part of the Company in connection with merger negotiations
        between the Company and Browning-Ferris Industries ("BFI").  The
        plaintiffs allege that they and all other persons or entities
        that bought the stock of the Company during the period of
        September 2, 1993 through October 7, 1993 suffered damages as a
        result of changes in the market price of the Company's common
        stock.  The Company does not believe that it has violated any
        laws with regard to the BFI matter and intends to vigorously
        defend the lawsuit.

          On or about August 9, 1994 a complaint was filed in
        Rancho Disposal Services, Inc., et al. v. Western Waste 
        -------------------------------------------------------
        Industries, et al., San Bernardino Superior Court Case No. SCB
        ------------------ 14473.  The Complaint seeks damages and an
        injunction for the alleged violation of California Business and
        Professions Code Sections 17047, 17200, and 17500 and for
        intentional interference with existing and prospective economic
        relations.  The complaint alleges that the Company does not hold
        a validly issued permit to operate within a certain geographic
        area in the County of San Bernardino and that the Company has
        engaged in predatory pricing.  The complaint also alleges that
        the Company has violated a San Bernardino County ordinance by
        engaging in discriminatory and non-uniform pricing of its refuse
        hauling services.  In addition to the injunction, the complaint
        prays for three times the actual damages incurred by plaintiffs,
        punitive and exemplary damages in the amount to be proven at the
        time of trial, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of suit.  The
        Company believes it has valid defenses to the allegations and
        intends to vigorously defend the suit.  The Company has filed a
        cross-complaint against the plaintiffs for engaging in improper
        pricing activities.

          In July 1994, the Company reached an agreement to settle the
        claims asserted against it in a lawsuit captioned County of 
        -----------------------------------------------------------
        Los Angeles, et al. v. Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc., et al., 
        ---------------------------------------------------------------
        Case No. 93-1807-WMS filed in the Los Angeles County Superior
        Court. The complaint sought indemnification on behalf of the
        County of Los Angeles for alleged damages resulting from hauling
        waste from county garbage districts to the Operating Industries
        Landfill.  The settlement was within the range previously
        accrued.  The settlement includes a release by the EPA with
        regard to the Operating Industries site.

          In or about August 1994, the case of Adcock, et al. v. 
                                               -----------------
                                    Page 15 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        Western Waste, et al. was filed in the United States District 
        ---------------------
        Court for the Western District of Arkansas, Case No. 94-4119. 
        This is an action originally filed by seven landowners who live
        near a landfill previously operated by the Company in Miller
        County, Arkansas.  The landowners allege that the Company
        unlawfully received hazardous waste and that the pollutants from
        the waste received by the Company had contaminated their property
        or threatened to contaminate their property in the future.  The
        landowners seek an unspecified amount of damages based on the
        contamination or threat of contamination.  In addition, the
        landowners seek to recover damages based on the devaluation of
        their property due to the "stigma" of being located near a
        disposal site for hazardous waste.  In addition, the landowners
        also seek to recover damages based upon their fear of developing
        adverse health effects.  In July 1995, 135 additional plaintiffs
        intervened and asserted claims similar to those raised by the
        original plaintiffs.  The Company and the other defendants have
        denied that any unlawful disposal of waste took place at the
        landfill.  In or about June, 1995, the case of 
        Cross, et al. v. Western Waste Industries, et al.  Miller County
        ------------------------------------------------
        Circuit Court Case No. CIV 95-149-3 was filed.  This is an action
        by eight land owners who own property along a creek downstream
        from the Company's Miller County landfill.  Plaintiffs allege
        that their property has been contaminated by releases of
        hazardous substances from the landfill and other hazardous
        substance disposal sites operated by the other defendants.  The
        Company believes it has valid defenses to these allegations and
        is vigorously defending the action.

          In late December, 1994 a lawsuit styled Babich, et al. v.
                                                     -----------------
        Cadillac Fairview/California, Inc., et al. was filed in 
        ----------------------------------------- 
        Los Angeles County Superior Court by 24 plaintiffs.  Western is
        among 19 named defendants.  The complaint asserts causes of
        action for nuisance and trespass seeking damages for personal
        injuries and property damage.  The complaint alleges that Western
        owns a parcel of property, acquired from Cadillac Fairview/
        California located in Torrance, California.  The complaint
        alleges that Montrose Chemical Corporation and others manu-
        factured DDT on property at or adjacent to the property owned by
        Western.  The plaintiffs further allege that contaminants from
        this property escaped to plaintiff's property, injured plaintiff
        and damaged the value of plaintiff's property.  On June 29, 1995,
        this case was removed to the United States District Court.  The
        Company has filed an answer denying any liability.  The Company
        believes it has valid defenses to the allegations and intends to
        vigorously contest the case and is contemplating filing a cross-
        complaint once its investigation of the facts is completed.



                                    Page 16 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
          On or about February 2, 1995, a complaint was filed in a
        taxpayer lawsuit entitled David Sarosi, et al. vs County of
                                  ---------------------------------
        Riverside, et al., Riverside County Superior Court Case No. 
        ----------------- 
        261315.  The complaint does not name the Company as a defendant. 
        The plaintiffs allege that the County and the other defendants,
        in connection with a contract with the Company, regarding the
        operation and management of the El Sobrante Landfill (the
        "Landfill") located within the County (the "Agreement"), engaged
        in various improper actions, including the unlawful sale of
        public property, wasting public funds, and making an
        unconstitutional gift of public property and funds.  The
        complaint seeks an order voiding the Agreement and an injunction
        ordering the defendants to pay to the County allegedly unlawful
        revenues earned from th Landfill, to cease further dumping at the
        Landfill of out-of-county waste, return of alleged windfall
        profits and limiting dumping fees charged to incounty residents. 
        The complaint also seeks general damages of $10 million and
        special and punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs.  The
        Company believes the taxpayer suit is based upon erroneous
        assumptions and that there are valid defenses available to the
        County to each of the claims asserted in the complaint.

          In addition to the above-described litigation, there are number
        of claims and suits pending against the Company for alleged
        damages to persons and property, alleged  violation of certain
        laws and for alleged liabilities arising out of matters occurring
        during the normal operation of the waste services business.  In
        the opinion of management, the uninsured liability, if any, under
        these claims and suits would not materially affect the financial
        position or results of operations of the Company.


        Environmental Proceedings
        -------------------------
          The Company strives to conduct its operations in compliance
        with applicable laws and regulations, including environmental
        rules and regulations, and has as its goal 100% compliance. 
        However, management believes that in the normal course of doing
        business, companies in the waste disposal industry, including the
        Company, are faced with governmental enforcement proceedings and
        resulting fines or other sanctions and will likely be required to
        pay civil penalties or to expend funds for remedial work on waste
        disposal sites.  The possibility always exists that such
        expenditures could be substantial, which would have a negative
        impact on earnings for a particular reporting period.  Management
        believes that the existence of these proceedings does not provide
        an accurate reflection of the Company's operating policies,
        procedures and capabilities, although the Company will have to
        respond to those issues in filings required to be made in
        jurisdictions which have enacted "fitness" statutes.  In any
        event, management of the Company believes that the ultimate
        resolution of such proceedings will neither individually nor in
                                    Page 17 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        the aggregate have a materially adverse effect upon the
        consolidated financial position of the Company.

        Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

          During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1995, no matter was
        submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders.















































                                    Page 18 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                      PART II
                                      -------
        Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
        Stockholder Matters.


          The Company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock
        Exchange under the symbol "WW".  The following table below sets
        forth by quarter for the last two years the high and low sales
        prices of the Company's common stock on the New York Stock
        Exchange.


                                          1994               1995    
                                    ---------------    ---------------
                                      High     Low       High     Low 
                                    -------  ------    -------  ------

        Quarter ended September 30   22-1/2    9-5/8    20-5/8   17-3/8

        Quarter ended December 31    19-3/4   10-3/8    18/5-8   13-3/8
         
        Quarter ended March 31       16-1/2   13-3/8    17       14-7/8
         
        Quarter ended June 30        20-1/2   13-5/8    20-5/8   15-3/8


             The Company is limited with respect to the amount of cash
        dividends which can be paid, by certain terms of its revolving
        credit agreement.  

          No cash dividends have been paid to date by the Company.  The
        current policy of the Company is to retain earnings to provide
        funds for the operation and expansion of its business.  The
        Company does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable
        future. 


















                                    Page 19 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
        Item  6.  Selected Consolidated Financial Data.
        The Selected Consolidated Financial Data presented below should
        be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated
        Financial Statements of Western Waste Industries and the related
        notes thereto and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis
        of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."
                               Western Waste Industries
               Consolidated Five-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data
                (In thousands, except for employee and per share data)
                                               Year Ended June 30,              
 
                            
- --------------------------------------------------- 
OPERATING RESULTS         1991      1992       1993        1994      1995
                       --------   --------   --------     --------  --------
 Revenue               $199,820   $219,376   $231,205     $257,005  $270,941

 Income (loss) from 
   operations            22,476     19,083    (14,562)<F**> 26,423    35,226

 Interest expense, net   (5,982)    (3,379)   ( 2,639)     ( 3,035)  ( 3,807)

 Other nonoperating 
   income/(expense)       1,385    (11,444)<F*> 2,735      (   767)  (   628)

 Income (loss) before 
   income taxes          17,879      4,260    (14,466)       22,621   30,791
     
 Net income (loss)       11,234      2,370    (10,116)       12,941   17,089

 Net income (loss) per 
   share - primary          .81        .17       (.73)          .86     1.10
       
 Average number of
   shares outstanding    13,854     14,031     13,818        15,048   15,531

No cash dividends have been declared to date.

[FN]
<F*>  Includes a $6,600 writedown related to G.I. Industries and a provision
      of $4,050 related to a estimated loss on disposal of a division.
<F**> Includes $21,043 of special charges and other charges of: $6,000 related
      to a estimated loss on a municipal contract, $4,000 related to increased
      self-insurance loss reserves and $1,000 for other reserves.











                                    Page 20 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
 
                                                 At June 30,                  
OTHER FINANCIAL AND      ---------------------------------------------------  
STATISTICAL DATA          1991       1992       1993       1994       1995
                        --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
 Total assets           $225,874   $248,509   $268,386   $284,681   $293,373
    Property and 
    equipment, net       127,306    155,316    172,662    185,598    196,972

  Total long-term debt    75,405     90,037     91,618     93,390     80,190

  Shareholders' equity   116,004    122,556    122,421    139,177    160,221

  Shareholders' equity 
    per share               8.37       8.73       8.86       9.25      10.32

  Number of employees      1,580      1,670      1,610      1,730      1,770

The average number of shares outstanding and per share data have been restated
to reflect the two-for-one stock split which occurred in July 1990.

        Item  7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                   Condition and Results of Operations

          The following discussion reviews the Company's operations for
        the three years ended June 30, 1995, and should be read in
        conjunction with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements
        and related notes thereto and Selected Consolidated Financial
        Data.  

        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1995
        -------------------------------------------------------------
                                    1993         1994        1995
                                   ------       -----       ----- 
        Revenue:                   100.0%       100.0%      100.0%
        Costs and Expenses:
          Operating                 81.2         74.7        72.4
          Selling, general 
            & administrative        16.0         15.0        14.6
          Special charges            9.1            -           -
                                   -----        -----       ----- 
                                   106.3         89.7        87.0
                                   -----        -----       -----
        Income (loss) from 
          operations               ( 6.3)        10.3        13.0
        Net nonoperating 
          income (expense)             -        ( 1.5)      ( 1.6)
                                   -----        -----       -----
        Income (loss) before 
          income taxes             ( 6.3)         8.8        11.4
        Income taxes (benefit)     ( 1.9)         3.8         5.1 
                                   -----        -----       -----
        Net Income                 ( 4.4%)        5.0%        6.3%
                                   =====        =====       =====

                                    Page 21 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        Revenue
        -------
             The increase in revenue over the last three fiscal years has
        resulted from price increases, obtaining additional franchise
        agreements, and expanding the customer base.

             Components of the increases in revenue are as follows:

                                                  Year Ended June 30, 
                                               -------------------------

                                               1993      1994      1995
                                               -----     -----     -----

         Purchased assets . . . . . . . . .     2.8%       .2%       .1%
         Price changes    . . . . . . . . .       -         -       3.6
         Volume changes   . . . . . . . . .       -         -       1.7 
         Price and volume changes . . . . .     2.6      11.0         - 
                                               -----     -----     -----

                                                5.4%     11.2%      5.4%
                                               =====     =====     =====

             The principal factors affecting the increased revenue growth
        in fiscal 1994 were (i) the overall improvement in the economy
        from the economic recession which had adversely affected many of
        the Company's markets, particularly California, and, (ii) new
        operations in San Jose and Sunnyvale, California.

             In fiscal 1995 the Company obtained price increases in
        certain collection markets and experienced market increases in
        recycling prices.  The recycling revenue increase, which
        represents 25% of the revenue increase, resulted from 1995
        average prices for recyclable materials being significantly
        higher than the previous year's.  While the Company does not
        expect average prices to continue at these all-time high levels,
        market analysts do not expect a return to historical low levels. 
        Since these prices are subject to changing market conditions, no
        assurances can be given that recycling revenue will continue to
        contribute to future revenue growth at the same rate as in 1995.


        Costs of Operation
        ------------------
             Operating expenses consist primarily of wages and benefits
        for operating personnel, insurance costs, disposal site fees and
        equipment operating costs.  Operating costs decreased in fiscal
        1994, as a percentage of revenue, due principally to (i) charges
        incurred in fiscal 1993 of $6,000,000 related to a estimated loss
        on a municipal contract and $4,000,000 related to increases in
        self-insurance reserves (ii) increases in volume at the Companys'
        landfill operations, including an increase in the volume of out-
        of-county waste at El Sobrante landfill, which generally have

                                    Page 22 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        lower operating costs than waste collection operations and
        (iii) revenue growth resulting from rate increases.

             Operating costs decreased in fiscal 1995, as a percentage of
        revenue, due primarily to (i) rate increases without comparative
        increases in costs; and (ii) a reduction in the municipal
        contract loss estimate originally established in fiscal 1993;
        offset by (i) an impairment loss from greenwaste operations; and
        (ii) an increase in dump fees.

             On June 30, 1992, the Company entered into an agreement with
        the City of San Jose, to provide refuse and recycling services,
        for a term of six years, with service beginning July 1, 1993. 
        During the initial months of the contract, it became apparent
        that the level of services required for the contract and related
        costs of operation would be greater than originally envisioned. 
        This occurred, in part, due to factors outside of the control of
        the Company.  As a consequence, most of the increased cost could
        not have been anticipated or estimated prior to the start of the
        contract.   The Company estimated that it would incur a loss of
        $6,000,000 over the life of the contract, in order to satisfy the
        service requirements of the contract and accordingly accrued that
        amount in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993.  Through 1995 the
        Company incurred $3,050,000 of the projected loss.  As of June
        30, 1995, the Company revised its estimate of the loss related to
        the remaining contract period resulting in a reduction of the
        accrual of approximately $950,000.  This reduction was based
        mainly on improved recycling market prices and operating margins. 
        The Company believes that the remaining $2,000,000 is adequate to
        cover any future losses related to this contract.

             In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, the Company performed
        a detailed analysis of its self-insured loss liability,
        considering the trend of increasing development of known claims,
        along with the pattern shown by settlement payments.  As a result
        of this analysis, the Company increased its reserve for self-
        insured losses by $4,000,000.  The Company continues to monitor
        trends on an on-going basis and performs a detailed actuarial
        analysis during the fourth quarter of each year.  The process of
        estimating loss reserves is a difficult and complex exercise
        involving many variables, uncertainties, and subjective
        judgements, and therefore, there is no assurance that the
        reserve balance will reduce the possibility of adverse reserve
        developments in subsequent reporting periods.

             During fiscal 1995 the Company experienced significant
        competition in the greenwaste market resulting in a decrease in
        price and volume and negative cashflow from operations.  The
        Company believes that this environment will continue in the
        foreseeable future.  Accordingly the Company evaluated the
        ongoing value of the fixed assets, covenants, and goodwill
        associated with its greenwaste operations.  Based on this
        evaluation, the Company determined that assets with a carrying
        value of $4,473,000 were impaired and wrote them down by

                                    Page 23 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        approximately $1,242,000 to their fair value.  The Company
        obtained independent appraisals of its fixed assets in order to
        determine fair value.  The impairment loss is included in
        Operating Expenses in the fiscal 1995 Consolidated Statement of
        Operations.


        Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
        --------------------------------------------
             Selling, general and administrative expenses, decreased as a
        percentage of revenue in fiscal 1994 primarily as a result of the
        Company's continuing effort to control costs and improve margins. 
        In early fiscal 1994, the Company reviewed the selling, general
        and administrative expense levels as compared to the industry,
        and subsequently set a goal to reduce these levels to 15%, which
        was achieved. 

             Selling, general and administrative expenses, continued to
        decrease as a percentage of revenue in fiscal 1995.  Reductions
        in fiscal 1995 were the result of (i) rate increases without
        corresponding costs, and (ii) continued monitoring of expense
        levels; offset by (i) increased legal costs related the G.I.
        Industries bankruptcy, whereby the Company is seeking to recover
        amounts previously written off, and other legal matters, and (ii)
        the writedown of certain computer hardware and software, which is
        being replaced.  It was the Company's goal to reduce selling,
        general and administrative expenses to below 14% in fiscal 1995. 
        Without the discretionary offsets noted above, these expenses
        would have been 14% of revenue.


        Special Charges
        ---------------
             Special charges of $21,043,000 were included in fiscal year
        1993's results of operations.  The Company re-evaluated its
        landfill   activity in fiscal 1993, focusing on the economic
        viability of landfill projects under development and  closure and
        post-closure requirements.  As a result of revised projections,
        estimates, and certain regulatory agency communications regarding
        permitting activity in progress, the Company recorded special
        charges in the third quarter of fiscal 1993 of (i) $10,143,000
        related to reserves for certain landfill development projects and
        (ii) $6,900,000 to establish additional reserves, above those
        estimated to be required on an ongoing annual basis, for
        potential future expenditures relating to the long-term
        requirements for closure/post closure management of certain 
        Company landfills.  Also as a part of the Company's review of
        facilities and land requirements, the Company recorded a
        $2,000,000 general reserve for property no longer needed for
        operations and established a loss reserve of $2,000,000 for other
        matters.  The balance of the reserves  related to (i) writeoffs
        and landfill development projects and (ii) real property totaled
        $3,600,000 and $1,800,000 respectively, as of June 30, 1995. 


                                    Page 24 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        Company management believes that the these reserves remain
        adequate as of June 30, 1995.


        Non-Operating Income (Expense)
        ------------------------------
             Interest expense increased $354,000 or 10.2% in fiscal 1994,
        and $1,515,000 or 39.5% in fiscal 1995.  The increase in interest
        expense in fiscal 1994 was due primarily to higher average debt
        levels while in 1995 the increase was due to increases in average
        borrowing rates offset by lower average debt levels.  Interest
        rates on the Company's revolving credit agreement averaged 6.5%
        for fiscal 1995 versus 5.0% for fiscal 1994.  Total debt in
        fiscal 1995 averaged approximately $90,000,000 as compared to
        approximately $93,000,000 in fiscal 1994.  The Company
        capitalized interest costs of $1,151,000, $953,000 and $820,000
        in fiscal 1993, 1994 and 1995, respectively, related to the
        development of certain landfill and other construction projects.

             Interest income increased $743,000 in fiscal 1995 as
        compared to 1994 due primarily to the restricted cash discussed
        in Liquidity and Capital Resources.

             The Company recorded a gain of $2,800,000 in the third
        quarter of fiscal 1993 related to the sale of the Company's
        equity investment in common stock of Best Pak Disposal.  This
        gain is included in Other non-operating income (expense) in
        fiscal 1993.

             In connection with the Company's decision to dispose of a
        truck body manufacturing division in fiscal 1992, the Company
        recorded a provision of $4,050,000 to reflect the estimated loss
        on disposition, including estimated future costs and operating
        results.  In fiscal 1995, the Company completed the disposal.

        Income Taxes
        ------------
             The effective income tax rates for fiscal 1993, 1994, and
        1995 were 30%, 45% and 45%, respectively.   The effective rate
        for 1993 reflects a $86,000 reduction related to the change in
        the federal corporate income tax rate from 34% to 35%,
        retroactive to July 1, 1993 in accordance with the Revenue
        Reconciliation Act of 1993.  In fiscal 1994, the Company
        recognized a benefit of $414,000 from the adoption of FASB 109. 
        The Company has a net deferred tax asset of $405,000 at June 30,
        1995, all of which the Company has determined is realizable due
        to available taxable income in the carryback period.

             The Company's corporate tax returns are currently being
        audited by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for fiscal years
        1989 through 1993.  In September 1995, the Company reached a
        tentative settlement agreement with the IRS for fiscal years 1989
        and 1990 and resolved certain other open issues for other years. 
        The Company will pay additional tax and interest of approximately
                                    Page 25 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        $2,200,000, which is within amounts previously accrued.  Also, as
        part of the settlement, the deductibility and amortization period
        of certain intangibles were changed, which will result in the
        deductibility of certain previously undeductible goodwill.


        Net Income
        ----------
             Net income increased $23,057,000 and $4,148,000 from fiscal
        1993 to 1994 and 1994 to 1995.  The increase in net income for
        fiscal 1994 and 1995 reflects the factors discussed above.



        FINANCIAL CONDITION
        -------------------

        Liquidity and Capital Resources
        -------------------------------
             The solid waste industry is capital intensive.  The Company
        has financed its operations and capital expenditures through cash
        flow from operations, borrowings and issuances of common stock. 
        Cash provided by operations was $36,245,000 and $49,023,000 in
        fiscal 1994 and 1995, respectively, while additions to debt
        provided $15,028,000 and $18,675,000 in those fiscal years,
        respectively.  These funds have been used to purchase property
        and equipment, to develop and expand new and existing landfill
        sites, and to finance the Company's expansion of services.

             At June 30, 1994 and 1995, working capital amounted to
        $20,660,000 and $15,288,000, respectively.  The current ratio was
        1.5 to 1 at June 30, 1995 as compared to 1.6 to 1 a year earlier. 
        Trade receivables represent the largest portion of current assets
        totaling $30,244,000 and $28,993,000 at June 30, 1994 and 1995,
        respectively.  Days sales in trade receivables were 37 days for
        fiscal 1994 and 38 days for fiscal 1995.  The allowance for
        doubtful trade accounts as a percentage of trade receivables was
        4.7% and 4.5% at the end of fiscal 1994 and fiscal 1995,
        respectively.

             The Company has an unsecured revolving credit agreement,
        (the "Agreement") which provides for borrowings up to $100
        million.  The Agreement currently matures on June 1, 1997 and has
        a $16.5 million quarterly commitment reduction commencing March
        1, 1996.  On or before the first day of October of each year, the
        Company has the option to request an extension of the revolving
        period and the termination date with the approval of its banks. 
        The Company is in the process of negotiating a new agreement and
        therefore has not filed an extension request.  At the Company's
        option, borrowings under the Agreement bear interest at the
        bank's prime rate and/or at the London Interbank Offered Rate
        (LIBOR) plus .75% to 2.0%, (.75% at June 30, 1995), depending
        upon certain ratios.  Outstanding borrowings under the Agreement
                                    Page 26 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
 
       were $44 million at June 30, 1995.  The Agreement requires no
        compensating balances.  Under the terms of the Agreement, the
        Company is subject to various debt covenants including
        maintenance of certain financial ratios, and in addition, it
        limits the amount of cash dividends.

             During the second quarter of fiscal 1995, the Company
        issued, through the California Pollution Control Financing
        Authority, $24 million of tax exempt bonds (the "bonds") with a
        floating rate (3.76% as of June 30, 1995) which is set weekly by
        a remarketing agent.  Simultaneously, as part of the overall tax
        exempt bond financing, the Company entered into an interest rate
        swap agreement with a major bank, with a term of five years.  The
        Company entered into this interest rate swap agreement to modify
        the interest characteristics of this debt from a floating rate to
        a fixed rate of 6.29%.  The Company's objective with this swap
        agreement is to minimize the impact of increases in interest-
        rates over the term of the swap agreement.  This represents
        approximately 31% of outstanding floating rate debt.  The Company
        has not entered into any other interest rate swaps.

             As of June 30, 1995, the Company had $6.4 million in
        restricted cash.  This cash, which is related to the California
        Pollution Control Bonds discussed above, is held in custody by a
        Trustee and is restricted as to withdrawal or use for qualified
        fixed asset expenditures.    The $6.4 million, is expected to be
        received over the remainder of fiscal 1996 and is included with
        Other Assets as of June 30, 1995.  Based upon current cash flow
        from operations and estimated capital expenditures, the Company
        intends to use the receipt of the reimbursement proceeds to
        reduce revolving credit agreement borrowings.

             The Company's debt to equity ratio was .50 to 1.0 at
        June 30, 1995 and .67 to 1.0 at June 30, 1994.

             During the year ended June 30, 1995, the Company made
        capital expenditures of approximately $36 million for property
        and equipment.  The Company estimates that total capital
        expenditures for fiscal 1996 will be approximately $50 million. 
        The Company believes that cash provided by operations, and cash
        available under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient
        for its capital expenditure requirements.  In addition, the
        Company is exploring various municipal contract opportunities. 
        As part of the Company's renewed acquisition program, several
        potential acquisitions are being considered.  Such acquisitions,
        if completed, will be financed utilizing cash, debt or stock.

             In April 1995, the Company filed a shelf registration
        statement on Form S-4 covering 3,000,000 shares of common stock
        with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Registration
        Statement became effective in May 1995.  The shares may be issued
        by the Company from time to time in connection with the
        acquisition of solid waste businesses.  The Company believes that
        cash provided by operations, cash available under its revolving
                                    Page 27 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        credit agreement, and cash from other external sources will be
        sufficient for its cash acquisition financing needs.

             The following table summarizes the dollar amount of capital asset
        additions by major category:
                                                    Year ended June 30,        

                                   ------------------------------------------
                                           1993          1994           1995 
                                       -----------   -----------    -----------
        Land                           $   367,000   $   233,000    $    34,000
        Landfill sites                  11,278,000     6,125,000     10,968,000
        Building and 
          leasehold improvements         7,202,000     7,098,000      5,785,000
        Vehicles                        15,640,000    14,743,000     10,617,000
        Containers and other             9,230,000     7,257,000      8,965,000
                                       -----------   -----------    -----------

                                       $43,717,000   $35,456,000    $36,369,000
                                       ===========   ===========    ===========


        Inflation
        ----------
             Inflation has had a minimal impact on the Company's operations
        for the periods referred to above as most of the Company's
        collection operations are under contracts that provide for rate
        adjustments based upon increases in the consumer price index. 
        These contracts reduce the Company's vulnerability to inflation. 
        However, in the case of rapid changes in certain costs, such as
        fuel and disposal costs, rate increases may lag behind cost
        increases.


        Environmental Matters
        ---------------------
             Closure and post-closure costs are accrued and charged to cost
        of operations over the estimated remaining useful lives of landfill
        facilities. These accruals are based on estimates from periodic
        management reviews. The closure and post-closure requirements for
        the Company's municipal solid waste landfills are established by
        Subtitle D or the applicable states' adopted and EPA approved
        Subtitle D implementation plan. In performing the review for each
        facility, the Company analyzes actual costs incurred versus total
        estimated costs, updates prior cost estimates to reflect current
        regulatory requirement, and considers requirements of proposed
        regulatory changes. 

             Closure and post-closure accruals consider final capping of
        the site, site inspections, ground-water monitoring, leachate
        management, methane gas control and recovery, and operation and
        maintenance costs to be incurred during the period after the
        facility closes.

                                    Page 28 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             The Company accounts for closure and post-closure accruals by
        comparing the total estimated closure and post-closure cost with
        the existing reserve. The difference is accrued and charged to cost
        of operations as airspace is consumed.

             Summarized closures and post-closure information is as follows
        (note that the following information includes only acreage in which
        the Company is liable for closure and post-closure costs);

                           CLOSURE AND POST-CLOSURE COSTS
                           ------------------------------
        Payments   Accruals                           No. Of     Cost
        Thru       At          Future                 Permitted  Per
        6/30/95    6/30/95     Costs      Total       Acres      Acre
        ---------  ----------  ---------- ----------- -----  -------

        $5,017,000 $9,180,000 $23,130,000 $37,327,000  595   $62,734



































                                    Page 29 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                          Report of Independent Auditors
                          ------------------------------

        Board of Directors and Shareholders
        Western Waste Industries

        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
        Western Waste Industries and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1994 and
        1995 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
        shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
        the period ended June 30, 1995.  Our audits also included the
        financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 14(a).
        These financial statements and the financial statement schedule are
        the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility
        is to express an opinion on these financial statements and the
        financial statement schedule based on our audits.


        We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
        auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and
        perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
        financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
        includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
        amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also
        includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
        estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
        financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
        provide a reasonable basis for our opinion


        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
        above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
        financial position of Western Waste Industries and subsidiaries at
        June 30, 1994 and 1995, and the consolidated results of their
        operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
        period ended June 30, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted
        accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, the related financial
        statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
        financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all
        material respects, the information set forth therein.


        As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, in
        1994 the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes,
        and as discussed in Note 1 to the consoldiated financial










                                    Page 30 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        statements, in 1995 the Company changed its method of accounting
        for impairment of long-lived assets.


                                                  /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

        Long Beach, California
        August 25, 1995, 
        except for Note 8 as to which the date is,
        September 12, 1995












































                                    Page 31 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
      
                                    Western Waste Industries   
                                Consolidated Statement of Operations
                                       Year Ended June 30,
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                     1993           1994           1995
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
Revenue                          $231,205,000   $257,005,000   $270,941,000
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
Costs and expenses:         
  Operating                       187,648,000    192,099,000    196,235,000
    Selling, general 
    and administrative             37,076,000     38,483,000     39,480,000
  Special charges                  21,043,000              -              -  
                                     ------------   ------------   ------------
  Total costs and expenses        245,767,000    230,582,000    235,715,000
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
    Income (loss) from operations (14,562,000)    26,423,000     35,226,000 
Nonoperating income (expense):
Interest income                       841,000        799,000      1,542,000
Interest expense                   (3,480,000)    (3,834,000)    (5,349,000 
Other                               2,735,000     (  767,000)    (  628,000) 
                                 ------------    -----------   ------------
    Net nonoperating 
    income (expense)                   96,000     (3,802,000)    (4,435,000)
                                 ------------    -----------   ------------
Income (loss) before income taxes 
  and cumulative effect of 
  accounting change               (14,466,000)    22,621,000     30,791,000 
 Income taxes (benefit)            ( 4,350,000)    10,094,000     13,702,000 
                                     ------------    -----------   ------------
Income (loss) before cumulative 
  effect of accounting change     (10,116,000)    12,527,000     17,089,000
Cumulative effect of 
  accounting change                         -        414,000              - 
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
Net income (loss)                $(10,116,000)  $ 12,941,000   $ 17,089,000
                                 ============   ============   ============
Earnings (loss) per common share:
  Primary
    Income (loss) before cumulative
      effect of accounting change  $     (.73)  $        .83   $       1.10
    Cumulative effect of 
      accounting change                     -            .03              -
                                     ------------   ------------   ------------
    Net income (loss)            $       (.73)  $        .86   $       1.10
                                     ============   ============   ============
  Fully diluted
    Income (loss) before cumulative
      effect of accounting change  $     (.73)  $        .80   $       1.10
    Cumulative effect of 
      accounting change                     -            .03              -
                                     ------------   ------------   ------------
    Net income (loss)            $       (.73)  $        .83   $       1.10   
                                     ============   ============   ============
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                    Page 32 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
   Western Waste Industries   Consolidated Balance Sheet

                                                              June 30,          

                                                    ---------------------------
                                                         1994           1995
                                                     -----------   ------------
     Assets
     Current assets:                             
       Cash and short-term investments              $  9,935,000   $  6,484,000
       Receivables, less allowance of $1,611,000 
         in 1994, and $1,738,000 in 1995              31,367,000     29,596,000
       Supplies                                        3,349,000      3,320,000
       Prepaid expenses                                2,842,000      3,762,000
       Other current assets                            1,323,000        199,000
       Deferred income tax benefit                     5,319,000      4,101,000
                                                     -----------   ------------
        Total current assets                          54,135,000     47,462,000
     Property and equipment, net                     185,598,000    196,972,000
     Purchased routes, net                             9,410,000      7,340,000
     Goodwill, net                                    21,818,000     19,994,000
     Other assets                                     13,720,000     21,605,000
                                                     -----------   ------------
                                                    $284,681,000   $293,373,000
                                                    ============   ============

     Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
     Current liabilities:
       Current instalments of long-term debt        $  1,526,000   $  1,308,000
       Accounts payable                                8,764,000      9,159,000
       Accrued payroll and related costs               3,325,000      3,885,000
       Other current liabilities                      19,860,000     17,822,000
                                                     -----------   ------------
          Total current liabilities                   33,475,000     32,174,000

     Long-term debt, excluding current instalments    91,864,000     78,882,000
     Other liabilities                                17,218,000     18,400,000
     Deferred income taxes                             2,947,000      3,696,000
     Commitments and contingencies                            --             --
     Shareholders' equity:
       Preferred stock, no par value; 2,000,000
         shares authorized; none issued or
         outstanding                                          --             --
       Common stock, no par value; 50,000,000 
         shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
         14,333,612 shares in 1994 and 14,612,599 
         in 1995                                      75,659,000     79,614,000
       Retained earnings                              63,518,000     80,607,000
                                                     -----------   ------------
          Total shareholders' equity                 139,177,000    160,221,000
                                                     -----------   ------------
                                                    $284,681,000   $293,373,000
                                                    ============   ============
      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
                                    Page 33 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
   
     Western Waste Industries  Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity

                               Common Stock
                        --------------------------     Retained
                           Shares        Amount        Earnings        Total
                        -----------    -----------    -----------   -----------
   Balance at July 1, 
    1992                13,775,202    $61,934,000    $60,622,000   $122,556,000

   Stock issued in 
    connection with:

    401(k) plan             47,309        506,000              -        506,000

    Stock option plans      44,050        449,000              -        449,000

    Acquisitions                 -      8,955,000         71,000      9,026,000

   Net Loss                      -              -    (10,116,000)  
(10,116,000)
                       -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
   Balance at 
    June 30, 1993       13,866,561     71,844,000     50,577,000    122,421,000
                       -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
   Stock issued in 
    connection with:

    401(k) plan             39,441        566,000              -        566,000

    Stock option plans     284,610      4,219,000              -      4,219,000

    Guaranteed value 
      commitments          240,000              -              -              -
         
   Cancellation of stock   (97,000)      (970,000)             -      
(970,000)
   Net Income                    -              -     12,941,000     12,941,000
                       -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
   Balance at 
    June 30, 1994       14,333,612     75,659,000     63,518,000    139,177,000
                       -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
   Stock issued in 
    connection with:

    401(k) plan             37,869        661,000              -        661,000
     
    Stock option plans     241,118      3,294,000              -      3,294,000

   Net Income                    -              -     17,089,000     17,089,000
                       -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
   Balance at 
    June 30, 1995       14,612,599    $79,614,000    $80,607,000   $160,221,000
                       ===========    ===========    ===========   ============
       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                    Page 34 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
   Western Waste Industries  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                         1993          1994          1995
Operating Activities:                 ------------   ------------  ----------
 Net income (loss)                    $(10,116,000)  $12,941,000  $17,089,000
 Adjustments to reconcile net income 
  (loss) to net cash provided by 
  operating activities:
   Depreciation and amortization        18,678,000    22,047,000   26,999,000
   Bad debt expense                      1,858,000     1,965,000    1,579,000
   Uninsured claims                      3,723,000     1,728,000    1,407,000
   Employer portion-401(k) contribution    506,000       566,000      661,000
   Deferred income taxes                (8,976,000)    1,327,000    1,967,000
   Loss on municipal contract            6,000,000             -     (950,000)
   Gain on sale of minority investment  (2,829,000)            -            -
   Cumulative effect of accounting change        -      (414,000)
   Loss on disposition of assets           157,000     1,164,000      628,000
   Special charges                      21,043,000             -            -
   Changes in operating assets 
    and liabilities net of effects 
    of purchased businesses:
     Decrease (increase) in receivables (1,882,000)   (6,045,000)   1,162,000
     Decrease (increase) in other assets 1,891,000     4,979,000   (2,429,000)
     Increase (decrease) in
      accounts payable                      48,000    (  171,000)     395,000
     Increase (decrease) in 
      other liabilities                  6,171,000    (3,842,000)     515,000
   Net cash provided by                -----------   -----------     --------
    operating activities                36,272,000    36,245,000   49,023,000
Investing activities:                  -----------   -----------  -----------
 Purchases of property and equipment   (34,980,000)  (44,293,000) (36,386,000)
 Proceeds from sale of investments       7,000,000             -     200,000
 Proceeds from disposition of assets       270,000     1,976,000     870,000
   Net cash used in investing          -----------   -----------  ----------
    activities                         (27,710,000)  (42,317,000) (34,316,000)
Financing activities:                  -----------    ----------   ----------
 Proceeds from revolving lines of credit
 and long-term borrowings, net of
 restricted cash                        13,515,000    15,028,000   18,675,000
  Principal payments on debt           (20,954,000)  ( 4,574,000) (39,450,000)
  Proceeds from sale of stock              419,000     3,294,000    2,617,000
    Net cash provided (used) by        -----------   -----------   ----------
     financing activities              ( 7,020,000)   13,748,000  (18,158,000)
 Increase (decrease) in cash and       -----------   -----------   ----------
  short-term investments                 1,542,000     7,676,000   (3,451,000)
Cash and short-term investments at 
 beginning of year                         717,000     2,259,000    9,935,000
                                       -----------   -----------   ----------
Cash and short-term investments at end
 of year                               $ 2,259,000   $ 9,935,000   $6,484,000
                                       ===========   ===========   ==========
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                    Page 35 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        Western Waste Industries  Notes to Consolidated Financial
        Statements

        June 30, 1995

        Western Waste Industries is a integrated solid waste services
        company, providing collection, recycling, composting and disposal
        services for commercial, industrial and residential customers. 
        The Company operates as a single business segment.

        Note 1  Summary of significant accounting policies:
        --------------------------------------------------
        Principles of consolidation-The consolidated financial statements
        include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All
        significant intercompany  accounts and transactions have been
        eliminated.

        Cash and short term investments-Short term investments generally
        consist of highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
        months or less.

        Property and equipment-Property and equipment are recorded at
        cost.  Landfill sites and site improvements are carried at cost
        and to the extent this exceeds estimated end use realizable
        value, such excess is amortized over the remaining estimated
        useful life of the site.  Interest is capitalized in connection
        with the construction of major facilities.  The capitalized
        interest is recorded as part of the asset to which it relates and
        is amortized over the asset's useful life.  In fiscal 1993, 1994
        and 1995, respectively, $1,151,000, $953,000 and $820,000 of
        interest cost was capitalized.   Depreciation and amortization of
        other property and equipment are provided for by using the
        straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. 
        Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life
        of the improvement or the term of the lease.

        Purchased routes-Purchased routes are amortized on a straight-
        line basis over the contract periods or estimated service
        periods, generally 10 years.  Accumulated amortization at June
        30, 1994 and 1995 was $16,640,000 and $18,414,000, respectively.

        Impairment of long-lived assets-In the fourth quarter of fiscal
        1995, the Company adopted FASB Statement No. 121 "Accounting for
        Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be
        Disposed Of".  The Statement requires the Company to review
        long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles to be held
        and used for impairment whenever certain events or changes in
        circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
        not be recoverable.  Under the Statement, if the sum of the
        expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying
        amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized.  An
        impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying
        amount exceeds the fair value of the assets (assets to be held


                                    Page 36 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        and used) or fair value less cost to sell (assets to be disposed
        of).

        Goodwill-Consideration paid in excess of the fair market value of
        net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill and is generally
        amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years.  During fiscal
        1993 and 1994, the carrying value of goodwill was  reviewed if
        the facts and circumstances suggested that it may be impaired. 
        If this review indicates that goodwill will not be recoverable,
        as determined based on the undiscounted cash flows of the entity
        acquired over the remaining amortization period, the Company's
        carrying value of the goodwill is reduced by the estimated
        shortfall of cash flows.  In fiscal 1995, the Company accounted
        for impairment as discussed above under "Impairment of Long-
        Lived Assets".  Accumulated amortization at June 30, 1994 and
        1995 was $2,794,000 and $3,379,000, respectively.

        Deferred bond issue costs-Expenses related to the issuance of
        Pollution Control Revenue Bonds and Solid Waste Disposal Revenue
        Bonds (see Note 7) are included in other assets and are amortized
        over the life of the bonds using the straight-line method.  At
        June 30, 1994 and 1995, the unamortized portion of deferred bond
        issue costs amounted to $286,000 and $714,000, respectively.

        Closure and post-closure reserves-The Company will have material
        financial obligations relating to closure and post-closure costs
        of landfill facilities it operates or for which it is otherwise
        responsible. While the precise amount of these future obligations
        cannot be determined, the Company has estimated that total costs
        for final closure of its existing facilities and post-closure
        activities, will approximate $32,000,000.  Closure and post-
        closure accruals consider final capping of the site, site
        inspections, ground-water monitoring, leachate management,
        methane gas control and recovery, and operation and maintenance
        costs to be incurred during the period after the facility closes.

        Closure and post-closure costs are accrued and charged to cost of
        operations over the estimated useful lives of such facilities.
        These accruals are based on estimates from management reviews
        performed periodically. The closure and post-closure requirements
        for the Company's municipal solid waste landfills are established
        by Subtitle D or the applicable states' adopted and EPA approved
        Subtitle D implementation plan. In performing the review for each
        facility, the Company analyzes actual costs incurred versus total
        estimated costs, updates prior cost estimates to reflect current
        regulatory requirement, and considers requirements of proposed
        regulatory changes. 

             The Company accounts for closure and post-closure accruals
        by comparing the total estimated closure and post-closure cost
        with the existing reserve. The difference is accrued and charged
        to cost of operations as airspace is consumed.



                                    Page 37 of 191                   <PAGE>
 <PAGE>
             The Company had closure and post-closure reserves as
        follows:

                                                    June 30, 
                                             --------------------------
                                                 1994          1995
                                             ------------  ------------
        Current portion included in 
        Other Current Liabilities           $  2,019,000   $  2,636,000
        Non-current portion included in
        Other Liabilities                      5,617,000      6,544,000
                                            ------------   ------------
                                            $  7,636,000   $  9,180,000
                                            ============   ============


        Marketable Securities-In May 1993, the FASB issued Statement
        No. 115 "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
        Securities".  The Statement requires the Company to report its
        investment in  marketable securities (see Note 5) at fair value,
        with unrealized gains and losses reported in a separate component
        of shareholders' equity.  The Company adopted this statement in
        fiscal 1995.  The effect of this adoption was not material to the
        financial position or results of operations of the Company. 

        Note 2  Special Charges
        -----------------------
             In fiscal 1993, the Company incurred special charges in the
        amount of $21,043,000.  These charges included principally
        (i) writeoffs and reserves of $10,143,000 related to certain
        landfill development projects (ii) a provision of $6,900,000 for
        additional reserves for potential future expenditures relating to
        the long-term requirements for closure/post closure management of
        certain of the Company's landfills and (iii) a general reserve of
        $4,000,000 for property no longer needed for operations and other
        matters.  The balance of the reserves related to (i) landfill
        development projects and (ii) real property totaled $3,600,000
        and $1,800,000 respectively, as of June 30, 1995.  Company
        management believes that the these reserves remain adequate as of
        June 30, 1995.


        Note 3  Acquisitions/Divestitures:
        ----------------------------------
             In October 1990, the Company issued 300,000 shares of its
        common stock in exchange for all the outstanding capital stock of
        a waste collection company.  This transaction, which was not
        material to the Company's financial position or results of
        operations when originally recorded in fiscal 1991, was accounted
        for as a pooling-of-interests at that time.  However, as a result
        of new information, it was determined in fiscal 1993 that the
        transaction would have been more properly recorded by using the
        purchase method.  Accordingly, the financial statements for the


                                    Page 38 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        year ended June 30, 1993 reflect this revision.  As the effect
        was not material, financial statements for prior years were not
        restated.  Total consideration paid for this acquisition was
        $9,310,000 consisting of 300,000 shares of capital stock at a
        guaranteed price of $30 per share and $310,000 in assumed debt in
        excess of assets acquired.  In exchange for this consideration,
        the Company allocated $1,215,000 to purchased routes and
        $8,095,000 to goodwill.  As part of this transaction the Company
        issued 240,000 shares of common stock in fiscal 1994 as
        renumeration for a stock price guarantee.

             In February 1993, the Company sold its equity investment in
        the outstanding common stock of Best Pak Disposal resulting in a
        gain of $2,800,000.  The gain of $2,800,000 was included in
        nonoperating income (expense)-other in the Consolidated Statement
        of Operations for the year ended June 30, 1993.  As part of the
        fiscal 1993 transaction, the Company received 75,000 shares of
        common stock of USA Waste Services, Inc., valued at $1,200,000. 
        In fiscal 1995, the Company exercised a put option on the shares
        and received $1,200,000. 


        Note 4  Property and equipment:
        -------------------------------
             Property and equipment is composed of the following:
                                                    June 30,             
                                              ------------------------
                                               1994          1995
                                            ----------    ----------
        Land                               $ 27,271,000  $ 27,533,000
        Landfill sites                       52,445,000    63,391,000
        Buildings and leasehold improvements 40,080,000    44,633,000
        Vehicles                             74,854,000    75,682,000
        Equipment and other                  81,800,000    85,875,000
                                           ------------  ------------
                                            276,450,000   297,114,000
        Less accumulated depreciation 
          and amortization                   90,852,000   100,142,000
                                           ------------  ------------
                                           $185,598,000  $196,972,000
                                           ============  ============














                                    Page 39 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        Note 5  Other assets:
        ---------------------

                Other non-current assets consist of the following:
                                                   June 30, 
                                             ---------------------
                                               1994         1995
                                           -----------  -----------
        Marketable securities              $ 2,260,000  $ 1,518,000
        Secured note receivable              3,113,000    3,438,000
        Joint development venture            3,073,000    3,602,000
        Restricted cash                              -    6,416,000
        Other                                5,274,000    6,631,000
                                           -----------  -----------
                                           $13,720,000  $21,605,000
                                           ===========  ===========

           In fiscal 1992, the Company entered into a joint development
        arrangement with two other companies, for the purpose of
        developing a waste-by-rail project called California RailFill
        Systems, formerly California InteRail.  The project is in the
        permitting stage and expects to receive solid waste from
        throughout Southern California.  The preliminary permitting cost
        estimate is approximately $5,000,000 for each member of the joint
        development team, of which the Company has expended $4,429,000
        through June 30, 1995.  The Company's investment in this venture
        totaled $3,073,000 and $3,602,000 at June 30, 1994 and 1995,
        respectively.

           As of June 30, 1995, the Company had $6,416,000 in restricted
        cash.  This cash, which is related to the California Pollution
        Control Bonds (see Note 7), is held in custody by a Trustee and
        is restricted as to withdrawal or use for qualified fixed asset
        expenditures.

           During fiscal 1995 the Company experienced significant
        competition in the greenwaste market resulting in a decrease in
        price and volume and negative cashflow from operations.  The
        Company believes that this environment will continue in the
        foreseeable future.  Accordingly the Company evaluated the
        ongoing value of the fixed assets, covenants, and goodwill
        associated with its greenwaste operations.  Based on this
        evaluation, and in accordance with the adoption of FASB 121 (see
        Note 1) the Company determined that assets with a carrying value
        of approximately $4,473,000 were impaired and wrote them down by
        approximately $1,242,000 to their fair value.  The Company
        obtained independent appraisals of its fixed assets in order to
        determine fair value.  The impairment loss is included in
        Operating Expenses in the fiscal 1995 Consolidated Statement of
        Operations.





                                    Page 40 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        Note 6 - Other current liabilities:
        -----------------------------------

             Other current liabilities consist of the following:

                                                     June 30,
                                              ----------------------
                                                1994         1995
                                             -----------  -----------
        Uninsured claims                     $ 6,698,000  $ 6,413,000
        Closure and post-closure reserves      2,019,000    2,636,000
        Reserve for loss on municipal contract   500,000      500,000
        Other                                 10,643,000    8,273,000
                                             -----------  -----------
                                             $19,860,000  $17,822,000
                                             ===========  ===========

             The Company has a risk management program whereby it retains
        the liability, subject to maximum limits, for auto, general
        liability,  employee health and welfare benefits and workers'
        compensation.   As required by law, the Company has pledged
        certain marketable securities, (see Note 5) and has established a
        letter of credit in the amount of $1,366,000 as of June 30, 1995,
        to guarantee its workers' compensation obligations in California. 
        The Company establishes self insured losses and loss adjustment
        expenses based on estimates of the ultimate cost of claims which
        have been reported but not fully paid, and of claims which have
        been incurred but not yet reported.  The length of time for which
        such costs must be estimated varies depending on the coverage
        involved.  Actual claim costs are dependent upon such complex
        factors as inflation, changes in the doctrines of legal liability
        and size of damage awards.  Because of the variables involved,
        the reserving process results in an estimate rather than an exact
        calculation of liabilities.


        The estimated liability for uninsured claims at June 30, 1995,
        included in other current liabilities and other liabilities,
        consists of the following:

                                         Current       Long-term        Total
                                         -------       ---------     ----------
      Liability and property damage      $2,482,000     $3,800,000  $ 6,282,000
       Workers' compensation              2,931,000      3,085,000    6,016,000
       Employee health and welfare        1,000,000        382,000    1,382,000
                                         ----------     ----------   ----------
                                         $6,413,000     $7,267,000  $13,680,000
                                         ==========     ==========  ===========







                                    Page 41 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
           Under its current risk management programs, the Company's maximum
      liability per occurrence is listed below:

                           Auto and general liability         $100,000
                           Workers' compensation         $ 325,000 - $500,000
                           Employee health and welfare        $ 75,000

     Note 7  Long-term debt:
     -----------------------
          Long-term debt, which approximates market value, consists of the
     following:
                                                                  June 30,     

                                                    -----------------------
                                                       1994         1995
                                                    ----------  ----------
Notes payable to banks, unsecured                  $82,000,000  $44,000,000
 Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds, 
 Series 1994A                                               -    24,000,000
Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds                   8,200,000    8,200,000
Pollution Control Revenue Bonds                      1,489,000    1,133,000
Other notes payable, secured and unsecured           1,701,000    2,857,000
                                                   -----------  -----------
Total long-term debt                                93,390,000   80,190,000
Less current instalments                             1,526,000    1,308,000
                                                   -----------  -----------
Long-term debt, excluding current instalments      $91,864,000  $78,882,000
                                                   ===========  ===========

  Aggregate principal amounts of long-term debt at June 30, 1995, including
  capital leases, are due as follows:

                                                Year Ended 
                                                 June 30, 
                                               -----------
                        1996                   $ 1,308,000
                        1997                    44,990,000 
                        1998                       856,000
                        1999                       828,000
                        2000                         8,000
                        Thereafter              32,200,000
                                               -----------
                                               $80,190,000
                                               ===========

             The Company's revolving line of credit (the "Agreement"),
      which currently matures on June 1, 1997, permits borrowings up to
      $100,000,000.  At the Company's option, borrowings under the
      Agreement bear interest at the bank's prime rate (8.75% at June 30,
      1995), and/or at the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)  plus .75
      to 2.0 per cent, depending upon certain ratios.  At June 30, 1995,
      all borrowings were under the LIBOR option with rates ranging from
      6.75% to 6.81% and averaging 6.79%.  The Agreement has a $16.5
      million quarterly commitment reduction commencing March 1, 1996.  On
                                    Page 42 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
      or before the first day of October of each year, the Company has the
      option to request an extension of the revolving period and the
      termination date with the approval of its banks.  The Company is in
      the process of negotiating a new agreement and therefore has not
      filed the extension request.  Under the terms of the Agreement, the
      Company is subject to various debt covenants including maintenance of
      certain financial ratios, and in addition, it limits the amount of
      cash dividends.  

           During the second quarter of fiscal 1995 the Company issued,
      through the California Pollution Control Financing Authority,
      $24,000,000 of tax exempt bonds (the "Bonds") with a term of twelve
      years.  The Bonds are subject to a mandatory sinking fund redemption
      of $4,000,000 each October 1, over the period of 2001 to 2006.  The
      proceeds of the financing are restricted to fund certain projects,
      including purchases of equipment, located in California counties.  
      As part of this financing, the Company established an irrevocable
      letter of credit for the principal amount of $24,000,000 plus 52 days
      accrued interest on the bonds to guarantee repayment.  The bonds bear
      interest at a floating rate (3.76% as of June 30, 1995) which is set
      weekly by a remarketing agent.  Simultaneously with the issuance of
      the Bonds, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
      with a major bank whereby the Company will pay a fixed rate of 6.29%
      and the bank will pay the floating rate for a period of five years.
      The Company records the fixed rate as interest expense. 

           Solid Waste Disposal Revenue Bonds issued by the California
      Pollution Control Financing Authority are secured by a solid waste
      landfill facility constructed with bond proceeds.  The bonds, which
      mature through 2000, bear interest at a floating rate set weekly
      (4.375% at June 30, 1995) until conversion to a fixed rate, at the
      option of the Company, for the remaining term of the bonds.  As of
      June 30, 1995, the Company has not exercised its option of conversion
      to a fixed rate.  The Company also has an option to redeem the bonds
      prior to maturity  at the redemption price ranging from 100% to 103%
      depending on the redemption date.  At June 30, 1995, the Company
      established in the trustee's favor an irrevocable letter of credit
      for the principal amount of $8,200,000 plus 123 days accrued interest
      on the bonds to guarantee repayment.  

           Pollution Control Revenue Bonds issued by the California
      Pollution Control Financing Authority are secured by a solid waste
      disposal facility constructed with bond proceeds.  Revenue from the
      operation of the solid waste disposal facility is pledged to secure
      repayment of the bonds.  The Company is required to deposit into a
      Reserve Fund an amount equal to three months' debt service (principal
      and interest). The Reserve Fund balances at June 30, 1994 and 1995
      were $546,000 and $588,000 respectively, and have been deducted from
      bond principal outstanding.  Bond repayment is guaranteed up to a
      maximum of 80 percent by the Federal Small Business Administration. 
      The bonds bear interest at a rate from 5.4% to 6.0% and mature from
      2000 to 2005.



                                    Page 43 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
           At June 30, 1995, $33,000,000 of long-term debt was
      collateralized by land, buildings and equipment with a carrying value
      of $24,000,000.  Interest paid during fiscal years 1993, 1994 and
      1995 was $5,010,000, $4,652,000, and $5,790,000, respectively.

           The fair value of the Company's long term debt calculated using
      current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining
      maturities is not materially different from the amounts included in
      the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

           The Company has used an interest-rate swap agreement to
      effectively convert a portion of its floating rate debt to a fixed
      rate basis, thus reducing the impact of interest-rate volatility on
      future operations.  Approximately 31% ($24,000,000) of the Company's
      outstanding floating rate debt was subject to this interest-rate swap
      agreement as of June 30, 1995.


      Note 8  Income taxes:
      ---------------------

           Effective July 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of
      accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the liability
      method required by FASB Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income
      Taxes".  Under the liability method, deferred tax liabilities and
      assets are determined based on the difference between financial
      reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, using the enacted
      tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
      expected to reverse.  Taxes previously accrued will be adjusted for
      changes in tax rates as they become effective as opposed to when the
      taxes were recorded.  The cumulative effect of adopting Statement 109
      was a $414,000 benefit to income.  As permitted under the new rules,
      prior year financial statements have not been restated. 






















                                    Page 44 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
           Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
      follows:
                                                       1994          1995    
                                                   -----------    -----------
      Deferred tax assets:
        Self-insurance                             $ 4,572,000    $ 5,043,000
        Reserve for:
          Asset valuation                            4,305,000      4,668,000
          Landfill related costs                     4,094,000      4,311,000
          Loss on municipal contract                 1,348,000        959,000
          Litigation settlements                     1,013,000        115,000
          Disposal of a division                       581,000              -
        State taxes                                    595,000        802,000
        Other, net                                   1,127,000      1,385,000
                                                   -----------    -----------  

          Total deferred tax assets                 17,635,000     17,283,000

      Deferred tax liabilities:
        Tax over book depreciation                  11,935,000     13,121,000
        Deferred gain on sale of asset               1,465,000      1,465,000
        Prepaid expenses                               490,000        495,000
        Property taxes                                       -        354,000
        Other                                        1,373,000      1,443,000
                                                   -----------    -----------
      Total deferred tax liabilities                15,263,000     16,878,000
                                                   -----------    -----------
      Net deferred taxes                           $ 2,372,000    $   405,000
                                                   ===========    ===========


      Income tax expense (benefit) consists of the following:

                                            Year Ended June 30,             
                               ----------------------------------------------
                               Deferred Method             Liability Method
                               ---------------     --------------------------
                                          1993            1994           1995
                               ---------------     -----------     ----------
        Current:
        Federal                    $ 1,441,000     $ 7,085,000     $ 9,592,000
        State                          555,000       1,682,000       2,143,000
                                --------------      ----------       ---------
                                     1,996,000       8,767,000      11,735,000
      Deferred:
        Federal                     (4,891,000)      1,174,000       1,710,000
        State                       (1,455,000)        153,000         257,000
                                --------------     -----------       ---------
                                    (6,346,000)      1,327,000       1,967,000
                                --------------      -----------      ---------
                                   $(4,350,000)    $10,094,000     $13,702,000
                                ==============     ===========      ==========



                                    Page 45 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
      The provision for deferred taxes, as of June 30, 1993 consists of the
      following:

                                                                               
      Accelerated depreciation for tax purposes                $ 1,811,000 
      Change in allowance valuation of properties               (  820,000)
      Reserve for: 
        Landfill related costs                                  (2,992,000)
        Loss on municipal contract                              (2,460,000)
        Litigation settlements                                  (1,230,000)
        Disposal of a division                                     666,000 
      Change in estimated liability for uninsured claims        (1,753,000)
      Change in certain prepaid expenses                            86,000 
      Equity investment income                                  (  260,000)    

      Other, net                                                   606,000
                                                               -----------
                                                               $(6,346,000)
                                                               ===========

           A reconciliation of income tax expense (benefit) computed by
      applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income (loss) before 
      taxes and reported tax expense is presented below:

                                                 Year Ended June 30,        
                                         -----------------------------------
                                             1993          1994       1995
                                         -----------   -----------  -----------

     Income tax computed at statutory
      federal income tax rate            $(4,918,000)  $ 7,918,000  $10,777,000
     State income taxes, net of 
      federal income tax benefit          (  594,000)    1,193,000    1,560,000
     Provision for non-deductible 
      items                                  764,000       600,000      387,000
     Amortization and other expenses not 
      deductible for tax purposes, net       398,000       383,000      978,000
                                         -----------   -----------  -----------
     Income tax expense (benefit) 
      as reported                        $(4,350,000)  $10,094,000  $13,702,000
                                         ===========   ===========  ===========
     Effective tax rate                       (30.1%)        44.6%        44.5%
                                         ===========   ===========  ===========


           The Company made income tax payments of $5,014,000, $5,995,000, and
      $9,740,000 during fiscal years 1993, 1994 and 1995, respectively.

           The Company's corporate tax returns are currently being audited by
      the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for fiscal years 1989 through 1993. 
      The IRS has proposed adjustments for these years, which the Company is
      vigorously protesting, which neither alone nor together would have a


                                    Page 46 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
      material effect on the Company's financial position or results of
      operations, when resolved.

           In September 1995, the Company entered into a settlement agreement
      with the IRS for fiscal years 1989 and 1990 and resolved certain other
      open issues for other years.  The Company has paid additional tax and
      interest of approximately $2,200,000, which is within amounts 
      previously accrued.  Also, as part of the settlement, the deductibility
      and amortization period of certain intangibles were changed, which 
      will result in the deductibility of certain previously undeductible
      goodwill.


      Note 9  Shareholders' equity:

           Primary and fully diluted earnings per share are computed on the
      basis of the weighted average number of shares outstanding plus the
      common stock equivalents which would arise from the exercise of stock
      options as follows:

                                                       Year Ended June 30,     
                                          ------------------------------------

                                               1993         1994         1995
                                         ----------   ----------   ----------
      Primary                            13,818,000   15,048,000   15,531,000

      Fully diluted                      13,818,000   15,525,000   15,531,000


           The Company presently maintains three stock option plans affording
      key employees and directors with the Company the right to purchase
      shares of its common stock.  At June 30, 1995, options were available
      for future grants only under one of the plans, the Companys 1992 Stock
      Option Plan.  The options may be designated as incentive or non-
      qualified in nature, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of
      the Board of Directors, though only employees are eligible to receive
      incentive stock options.  The Company has reserved 2,000,000 shares
      under its Incentive Stock Option Plan (ISOP) and an additional
      2,000,000 shares under its Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.  In
      addition, the 1992 plan provides for the reserve of 2,000,000 shares
      which are to be designated as either qualified or non-qualified.  The
      plans provide for the granting of options at a purchase price of at
      least 100% of the fair market value on the date the options are
      granted.  Options are generally exercisable in instalments beginning
      one year after the grant date.

           The exercise of non-qualified stock options results in state and
      federal income tax benefits to the Company related to the difference
      between the market price at the date of exercise and the option price. 
      During fiscal 1993, 1994, and 1995, $30,000, $925,000, and $677,000,
      respectively, was credited to common stock.


                                    Page 47 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
           Information with respect to options granted under the plans is as
      follows:

                                                                 Non-qualified
                                                         ISOP         Plan  
                                                    ------------  -----------
        Outstanding at July 1, 1993                      779,000    1,670,566
           Issued                                             --      740,400
           Canceled                                     ( 20,561)    ( 48,333)
           Exercised                                    (168,209)    (116,401)
                                                    ------------  -----------
        Outstanding at June 30, 1994                     590,230    2,246,232
       
           Issued                                        291,500      270,000
           Canceled                                     (  2,375)    ( 23,432)
           Exercised                                    ( 42,530)    (198,588)
        Outstanding at June 30, 1995                     836,825    2,294,212
                                                    ------------  -----------
           Exercisable at June 30, 1995                  547,325    1,438,824
                                                    ============  ============
            Option price range                      $8.00-$22.00  $8.00-$20.00


           Notes receivable of $154,000 due from employees for the purchase of
      shares of the Company's common stock under stock option plans, have been
      deducted from shareholders' equity at June 30, 1994.

           During fiscal 1994, the Company accepted as settlement of a
      receivable, 97,000 shares of common stock valued at $970,000.  The shares
      were canceled and returned to authorized but unissued status.

           The Company issued 240,000 shares of common stock in fiscal 1994 as
      renumeration for a stock price guarantee related to an acquisition which
      took place in fiscal 1991 (See Note 3).

           In April 1995, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on
      Form S-4 covering 3,000,000 shares of common stock with the Securities
      and Exchange Commission.  The Registration Statement became effective in
      May 1995. 


      Note 10  Commitments and other items:
      -------------------------------------
           The Company leases a portion of its equipment and facilities which
      are classified as operating leases.  Minimum rental commitments
      (exclusive of property tax, insurance and maintenance) under all
      non-cancelable operating leases are due at June 30, 1995, as follows:

                                        1996                  $ 2,016,000
                                        1997                       80,000


                                    Page 48 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
           Included above is a lease with the Company's President for the
      rental of one of the Company's buildings.  The rental rate is, in
      management's opinion, comparable to that which would have been entered
      into with independent third parties.

            Rental expense approximated $11,415,000, $10,156,000 and $7,018,000
      for the  fiscal years ended June 30, 1993, 1994 and 1995, respectively. 
      These amounts include rental payments to the President of approximately
      $172,000, $161,000 and $175,000 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1993,
      1994 and 1995, respectively.

           The Company has a 401(k) plan which generally covers all full time
      salaried and clerical employees not represented by a bargaining
      agreement.  Eligible employees are allowed to contribute up to the
      maximum allowed by law.  At its discretion, the Company can match up to
      50% of the amount contributed by employees. The Company's contributions
      for 1993, 1994, and 1995, represented by issuance of Company common
      stock, were $506,000 and $566,000, and $661,000, respectively.

           In connection with the Company's decision to dispose of a truck body
      manufacturing division in fiscal 1992, the Company recorded a provision
      of $4,050,000 to reflect the estimated loss on disposition, including
      estimated future costs and operating results.  In fiscal 1995, the
      Company completed the disposal.

           On June 30, 1992, the Company entered into an agreement with the
      City of San Jose, to provide refuse and recycling services, for a term of
      six years, with service beginning July 1, 1993.  During the initial
      months of the contract, it became apparent that the level of services
      required for the contract and related costs of operation would be greater
      than originally envisioned.  This occurred, in part, by factors outside
      of the control of the Company.  As a consequence, most of the increased
      cost could not have been anticipated or estimated prior to the start of
      the contract.  The Company estimated that it would incur a loss of
      $6,000,000 over the life of the contract, in order to satisfy the service
      requirements of the contract and accordingly accrued that amount in
      fiscal 1993.  Through 1995 the Company incurred $3,050,000 of the
      projected loss.  As of June 30, 1995, the Company revised its estimate of
      the loss related to the remaining contract period resulting in a
      reduction of the accrual of approximately $950,000.  This reduction was
      based mainly on improved recycling market prices and operating margins. 
      The Company believes that the remaining $2,000,000 is adequate to cover
      any future losses related to this contract.



      Note 11  Litigation:
      --------------------
           The Company was served on October 13, 1993 with a class action
      lawsuit.  The complaint alleges that the Company violated federal
      securities laws with regard to certain disclosures and representations
      made by the Company and certain alleged omissions on the part of the


                                    Page 49 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
      Company in connection with merger negotiations between the Company and
      Browning-Ferris Industries ("BFI").  The plaintiffs allege that they and
      all other persons or entities that bought the stock of the Company during
      the period of September 2, 1993 through October 7, 1993 suffered damages
      as a result of changes in the market price of the Company's common stock.

      The Company does not believe that it has violated any laws with regard to
      the BFI matter and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit.

           The Company was served on August 9, 1994 with a complaint filed by
      certain refuse haulers in San Bernardino County alleging that the Company
      violated certain California Business and Professions Code Sections and
      also intentionally interfered with existing and prospective economic
      relations.  The complaint alleges that the Company does not hold a
      validly issued permit to operate within a certain geographic area in the
      County of San Bernardino and that the Company has engaged in a course of
      conduct of predatory pricing.  The complaint also alleges that the
      Company has violated a San Bernardino County ordinance by engaging in
      discriminatory and non-uniform pricing of its refuse hauling services. 
      In addition to the injunction, the complaint prays for three times the
      actual damages incurred by plaintiffs, punitive and exemplary damages in
      the amount to be proven at the time of trial, reasonable attorneys' fees
      and costs of suit.  The Company believes it has valid defenses to the
      allegations and intends to vigorously defend the suit.  The Company has
      filed a cross-complaint against the plaintiffs for engaging in improper
      pricing activities.

           The Company was named by the County of Los Angeles in regard to an
      indemnification action by the County for collection of alleged damages
      resulting from hauling waste from County garbage districts to the
      Operating Industries Landfill.  The Company and some of its prior
      subsidiaries hauled waste to the Operating Industries site for certain
      defendant cities and also hauled waste through two defendant county
      garbage districts in the County of Los Angeles.  In July 1994, the
      Company reached an agreement to settle the claims for the amount of
      $3,600,000, and received insurance proceeds of $1,200,000 as of June 30,
      1994. This amount fell within the range previously accrued.  The
      settlement includes a release by the EPA with regard to the Operating
      Industries site.

           In or about August 1994, a case was filed in the United States
      District Court for the Western District of Arkansas.  This is an action
      originally filed by seven landowners who live near a landfill operated by
      the Company in Miller County, Arkansas.  The landowners allege that the
      Company unlawfully received hazardous waste and that the pollutants from
      the waste received by the Company had contaminated their property or
      threatened to contaminate their property in the future.  The landowners
      seek an unspecified amount of damages based on the contamination or
      threat of contamination.  In addition, the landowners seek to recover
      damages based on the devaluation of their property due to the "stigma" of
      being located near a disposal site for hazardous waste.  In addition, the
      landowners also seek to recover damages based upon their fear of
      developing adverse health effects.  In July 1995, 135 additional
      plaintiffs intervened and asserted claims similar to those raised by the
                                    Page 50 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
      original plaintiffs.  The Company and the other defendants have denied
      that any unlawful disposal of waste took place at the landfill.  In or
      about June 1995, a case of was filed by eight land owners who own
      property along a creek downstream from the Company's Miller County
      landfill.  Plaintiffs allege that their property has been contaminated by
      releases of hazardous substances from the landfill and other hazardous
      substance disposal sites operated by the other defendants.  The Company
      believes it has valid defenses to the allegations and is vigorously
      defending the action.

           In late December 1994, a lawsuit was filed in Los Angeles County
      Superior Court by 24 plaintiffs.  The Company is among 19 named
      defendants.  The complaint asserts causes of action for nuisance and
      trespass seeking damages for personal injuries and property damage.  The
      complaint alleges that Western owns a parcel of property, acquired from
      Cadillac Fairview/California located in Torrance, California.  The
      complaint alleges that Montrose Chemical Corporation and others
      manufactured DDT on property at or adjacent to the property owned by
      Western.  The plaintiffs further allege that contaminants from this
      property escaped to plaintiff's property, injured plaintiff and damaged
      the value of plaintiff's property. On June 29, 1995, this case was
      removed to the United States District Court.  The Company has filed an
      answer denying any liability.  The Company believes it has valid defenses
      to the allegations and intends to vigorously contest the case and is
      contemplating filing a cross-complaint once its investigation of the
      facts is completed.

           On or about February 2, 1995, a complaint was filed in a taxpayer
      lawsuit.   The complaint does not name the Company as a defendant.  The
      plaintiffs allege that the County and the other defendants, in connection
      with a contract with the Company, regarding the operation and management
      of the El Sobrante Landfill (the "Landfill") located within the County
      (the "Agreement"), engaged in various improper actions, including the
      unlawful sale of public property, wasting public funds, and making an
      unconstitutional gift of public property and funds.  The complaint seeks
      an order voiding the Agreement and an injunction ordering the defendants
      to pay to the county allegedly unlawful revenues earned from th Landfill,
      to cease further dumping at the Landfill of out-of-county waste, return
      of alleged windfall profits and limiting dumping fees charged to incounty
      residents.  The complaint also seeks general damages of $10,000,000 and
      special and punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs.  The Company
      believes the taxpayer suit is based upon erroneous assumptions and that
      there are valid defenses available to the County to each of the claims
      asserted in the complaint.

           In addition to the above, there are a number of claims and suits
      pending against the Company  for alleged damages to persons and property,
      alleged violation of certain laws and for alleged liabilities arising out
      of matters occurring during the normal operation of the waste management
      business.  In the opinion of management, the uninsured liability, if any,
      under the aforementioned claims and suits would not materially affect the
      financial position or results of operations of the Company.



                                    Page 51 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                          UNAUDITED SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA

                          (dollars expressed in thousands,
                              except per share figures)

                                                           
                                   Income                       Net Income
                                    from              Net          per
                      Revenue    operations         income    share (primary)
                      -------    ----------       ----------  ---------------
   Fiscal 1994

     First quarter    $ 62,911      $  5,201      $  2,975<Fa    $  .21<Fa>

     Second quarter     63,323         5,906         2,836          .19

     Third quarter      64,949         7,560         3,375          .22

     Fourth quarter     65,822         7,756         3,755          .24
                      --------      --------      --------       ------
                      $257,005      $ 26,423      $ 12,941       $  .86
                      ========      =========     ========       ======

   Fiscal 1995

     First quarter    $ 67,147      $  8,449      $  4,078       $  .26

     Second quarter     67,671         9,453         4,147          .27

     Third quarter      67,638         8,816         4,339          .28

     Fourth quarter     68,485         8,508         4,525          .29
                       -------      --------      --------       ------
                      $270,941      $ 35,226      $ 17,089       $ 1.10
                       =======      ========      ========       ======

   [FN]
   <Fa>    Net income and net income per share for the first quarter of
           fiscal 1994 includes a tax benefit of $414 or $.03 per share
           related to the change in accounting for income taxes.















                                    Page 52 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        PART III
        --------
           Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of Part III (except for certain
        information required with respect to executive officers of the
        Company which is set forth below) have been omitted from this report,
        since the Company will file with the Securities and Exchange
        Commission, not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal
        year, a proxy statement, pursuant to Regulation 14A, which involves
        the election of directors.  The information required by Items 10, 11,
        12 and 13 of this report which will appear in the definitive proxy
        statement is incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.




           The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

                                                Present Office
                      Name          Age         or Position <F1>
                      ----          ---        ------------------
        Kosti Shirvanian<F2><F3>    65   Chairman of the Board of
                                          Directors and President



        Ramsey DiLibero <F3>        67   Chief Operating Officer, Director




        Savey Tufenkian <F2><F3>    66   Executive Vice President,
                                          Secretary and Treasurer;
                                          Director



        Lawrence F. McQuaide <F3>   47   Executive Vice President,
                                          Finance



        [FN]
        <F1>    Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

        <F2>    Kosti Shirvanian is the brother of Savey Tufenkian.

        <F3>    Member, Management Committee.  The Committee, composed of
                certain officers and two outside board members, coordinates
                Company operations.






                                    Page 53 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
           Kosti Shirvanian founded the Company in 1955 as a sole
        proprietorship.  He became the Chairman of the Board and President
        when the Company was incorporated in 1964.

           Ramsey DiLibero joined the Company in 1993 as Chief Operating
        Officer.  Prior to joining the Company Mr. DiLibero served as Chief
        Operating Officer of CECOS International, Inc. and Chief Executive
        Officer of Browning-Ferris International, both subsidiaries of
        Browning-Ferris Industries.  Mr. DiLibero also served as Chief
        Operating Officer of Waste Resources Corporation and SCA
        Services, Inc.

           Savey Tufenkian helped to establish the Company in 1955 and has
        served as the Secretary and Treasurer of the Company since its
        incorporation in 1964.  In 1988 she was elected as Executive Vice
        President, Secretary and Treasurer.

           Lawrence F. McQuaide, certified public accountant, joined the
        Company in 1984 as Vice President, Finance.  In 1988 he was elected
        as Executive Vice President, Finance.  Prior to joining the Company,
        Mr. McQuaide was a Senior Manager with Price Waterhouse where he had
        served for eleven years.

































                                    Page 54 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        PART IV
        -------
        Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports
                    on Form 8-K

            (a)  Financial Statement, Schedules and Exhibits.

                1.  Financial Statement (included in Item 8)
                    Reports of Independent Auditors
                    Consolidated Balance Sheet - June 30, 1994 and 1995
                    Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Three Years
                     Ended June 30, 1995
                    Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity for the
                     Three Years Ended June 30, 1995
                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Three 
                     Years Ended June 30, 1995
                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                2.  Schedules.

                    Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts


           All other schedules have been omitted since the required
           information is not applicable or is included in the financial
           statements or the notes thereto. 

                3.  Exhibits

           The exhibits to this Report are listed in the Exhibit Index
           elsewhere herein.


            (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

                 No reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Company during the 
                  fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995      


















                                    Page 55 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    SCHEDULE II
                                    -----------
                           VALUATION AND QUALIYING ACCOUNTS
                               WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES

                       For the Three Years Ended June 30, 1995

                           ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS

                        Balance       Additions     Deductions       Balance
                       beginning     Charged to        from           end of
                        of year        Expense      Allowances         year  
                      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
             1993     $1,377,000     $1,858,000     $1,881,000     $1,354,000

             1994      1,354,000      1,965,000      1,708,000      1,611,000

             1995      1,611,000      1,579,000      1,452,000      1,738,000



                             LANDFILL DEVELOPMENT RESERVE

                        Balance       Additions     Deductions       Balance
                       beginning     Charged to        from           end of
                        of year        Expense      Allowances         year  
                      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
             1993          0          4,000,000          0          4,000,000

             1994      4,000,000          0              0          4,000,000

             1995      4,000,000          0           435,000       3,565,000



                                REAL PROPERTY RESERVE

                        Balance       Additions     Deductions       Balance
                       beginning     Charged to        from           end of
                        of year        Expense      Allowances         year  
                      ----------     ----------     ----------     ----------
             1993          0          2,000,000          0          2,000,000

             1994      2,000,000          0            206,000      1,794,000

             1995      1,794,000          0              0          1,794,000









                                    Page 56 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        Exhibit Index

                 Exhibit
                   No.    Description of Exhibit
                 -------   ---------------------------------------
                  3.1       Articles of Incorporation of
                            registrant as presently in
                            effect.                                   62

                  3.2       By-laws of registrant as
                            presently in effect (Exhibit
                            3.2 to Form S-1 Registration
                            Statement No. 2-83121 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                  4.2       Specimen of Common Stock
                            Certificate (Exhibit 4.2 to
                            Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                            ended June 30, 1992 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                 10.1       Twenty-five Year Lease dated
                            May 1, 1968 between Kosti
                            Shirvanian and Marian
                            Shirvanian as lessors and
                            registrants as lessee, as
                            amended March 24, 1983 ("the
                            Lease") (Exhibit 10.1 to Form
                            S-1 Registration Statement
                            No. 2-83121 and incorporated
                            herein by reference.)

                 10.2       Second amendment to the
                            Lease. (Exhibit 10.2 to Form
                            10-K for the year ended June
                            30, 1994 and incorporated
                            herein by reference)

                 10.3       1983 Incentive Stock Option
                            Plan of Western Waste
                            Industries (Exhibit 10.6 to
                            Form S-1 Registration
                            Statement No. 2-83121 and
                            incorporated herein by 
                            reference.)

                 10.4       Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                            and Employee Stock Ownership
                            Trust Agreement (Exhibit 10.7
                            to Form S-1 Registration
                            Statement No. 2-83121 and


                                    Page 57 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)
         
                 10.5       1983 Non-Qualified Stock
                            Option Plan (Exhibit 10.10 to
                            Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                            ended June 30, 1984 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                 10.6       Revolving Credit Agreement
                            dated as of November 19, 1992
                            among Western Waste
                            Industries, as Borrower and
                            Citicorp, USA, Inc., Bank of
                            America National Trust and
                            Savings Association, ABN AMRO
                            Bank, The Bank of Nova
                            Scotia,  The First National
                            Bank of Boston, and BHF-Bank,
                            as Lenders, and Citicorp USA,
                            Inc. as Agent for Lenders
                            ("the Revolving Credit
                            Agreement").  (Exhibit 10.1
                            to Form 10-Q for Quarter
                            Ended December 31, 1992 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                10.7        First Amendment dated as of
                            June 28, 1993 to the
                            Revolving Credit Agreement
                            (Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-Q
                            for Quarter Ended September
                            30, 1993 and incorporated
                            herein by reference.)
                 
                10.8        Second Amendment dated as of
                            October 14, 1993 to the
                            Revolving Credit Agreement
                            (Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-Q
                            for Quarter Ended September
                            30, 1993 and incorporated
                            herein by reference.)

                10.9        Third Amendment dated as of
                            February 25, 1995 to the
                            Revolving Credit Agreement
                            (Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-Q
                            for Quarter Ended March 31,
                            1994 and incorporated herein
                            by reference.)



                                    Page 58 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                10.10       Western Waste Industries
                            401(k) Savings and Investment
                            Plan.  (Exhibit 10.2 to Form
                            10-Q for Quarter Plan Ended
                            September 30, 1988 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                10.11       1992 Stock Option Plan, as
                            amended (Exhibit 10.11 to
                            Form 10-K for the year ended
                            June 30, 1994 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference)

                10.12       Amendment to 1992 Stock
                            Option Plan (Exhibit 10.12 to
                            Form 10-K for the year ended
                            June 30, 1994 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference)

                10.13       Reimbursement Agreement
                            between Western Waste
                            Industries and California
                            Pollution Control Financing
                            Authority. (Exhibit 10.13 to
                            Form 10-Q for Quarter Ended
                            December 31, 1994 and
                            incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                 10.15      Third amendment to the Lease.             76

                 10.16      Fourth amendment to the Lease.            78

                 10.17      Western Waste Industries
                            401(k) Savings and Investment
                            Plan, as amended, dated
                            December 15, 1994.                        80

                 21.1       Subsidiaries of registrant 
                            (Exhibit 22.1 to Form 10-K
                            for year ended June 30, 1993
                            and incorporated herein by
                            reference.)

                 23.1       Consent of independent                    190
                            auditors.

                 27         Financial Data Schedule.                  191




                                    Page 59 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                 99.1       Amendment to 1983 Incentive
                            Stock Option and 1983 Non-
                            qualified Stock Option Plan
                            (undertakings to be
                            incorporated by reference
                            into Form S-8 Registration
                            Statement No. 33-9358)
















































                                    Page 60 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
        SIGNATURES
        ----------
              Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
        Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
        report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
        authorized in the City of Torrance, State of California, on the 
        27th day of September, 1995.
                                             WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES
                                             By:  /s/ KOSTI SHIRVANIAN
                                                -------------------------
                                                Kosti Shirvanian
                                                Chairman of the Board and
                                                President

              Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
        1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
        behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
        indicated.
              Signatures               Title                         Date
              ----------               -----                         ----
        /s/ Kosti Shirvanian                                      9/27/95
        ____________________      Chairman of the Board
        Kosti Shirvanian          of Directors and President
                                  (Principal Executive
                                  Officer)
        /s/ Ramsey G. DiLibero                                    9/27/95
        ____________________      Chief Operating Officer and
        Ramsey G. DiLibero        Director

        /s/ Lawrence F. McQuaide                                  9/27/95
        ____________________      Executive Vice President,
        Lawrence F. McQuaide      Finance (Principal
                                  Financial and Accounting
                                  Officer)
        /s/ Savey Tufenkian                                       9/27/95
        ____________________      Executive Vice President,
        Savey Tufenkian           Secretary-Treasurer and
                                  Director
        /s/ John W. Simmons                                       9/27/95
        _____________________     Director
        John W. Simmons

        /s/ Harry S. Derbyshire                                   9/27/95
        _____________________     Director
        Harry S. Derbyshire

        /s/ Dr. A. N. Mosich                                      9/27/95
        _____________________     Director
        Dr. A. N. Mosich  

        /s/ Michael C. Palmer                                     9/27/95
        _____________________     Director
        Michael C.Palmer


                                    Page 61 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT 3.1

                                      RESTATED

                             ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

                                         OF

                              WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES



          KOSTI SHIRVANIAN AND SAVEY TUFENKIAN certify that:


               1.   They are the president and the secretary,
          respectively, of WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES, a California
          corporation.

               2.   The articles of incorporation of this corporation are
          amended and restated to read as follows:


                             ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

                                         OF

                              WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES


                                         I

               The name of this corporation is WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES.


                                         II

               The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful
          act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under
          the General Corporation Law of California other than the
          banking business, the trust company business or the practice of
          a profession permitted to be incorporated by the California
          Corporations Code.


                                        III

               This corporation is authorized to issue only one class of
          shares of stock, designated "Common Stock," and the total
          number of shares of Common Stock which this corporation is
          authorized to issue is Fifteen Million (15,000,000).  Upon the
          amendment of this article as herein set forth, each outstanding

                                        -1-
                                    Page 62 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          share of Common Stock shall be split up and converted into
          four (4) shares of Common Stock.


                                         IV

               This corporation elects to be governed by all of the
          provisions of the General Corporation Law effective January 1,
          1977.

               3.   The foregoing amendment and restatement of Articles
          of Incorporation has been duly approved by the board of
          directors.

               4.   The foregoing amendment and restatement of Articles
          of Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of
          shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of the Corporations
          Code.  The total number of outstanding shares of the
          corporation is 929,171.  The number of shares voting in favor
          of the amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.  The
          percentage vote required was more than 50%.

          We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of
          the State of California that the matters set forth in this
          certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.



          Date:     April 5   , 1983    /s/ KOSTI SHIRVANIAN           
               ---------------          -------------------------------
                                        KOSTI SHIRVANIAN, President



                                        /s/ SAVEY TUFENKIAN             
                                        -------------------------------
                                        SAVEY TUFENKIAN, Secretary














                                        -2-

                                    Page 63 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
 
                             CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                         OF
                         RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                                         OF
                              WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES



                    KOSTI SHIRVANIAN and SAVEY TUFENKIAN certify that:

                    1.   They are the president and secretary,
          respectively, of WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES, a California
          corporation.

                    2.   The Restated Articles of Incorporation of this
          corporation are amended to add Articles V and VI as follows:

                    "V.  The liability of the directors of this
                    corporation for monetary damages shall be
                    eliminated to the fullest extent
                    permissible under California law."

                    "VI.  This corporation is authorized to
                    provide indemnification of agents (as
                    defined in Section 317 of the California
                    Corporations Code) for breach of duty to
                    this corporation and its shareholders
                    through bylaw provisions or through
                    agreements with the agents, or both, in
                    excess of the indemnification otherwise
                    permitted by Section 317 of the California
                    Corporations Code, subject to the limits on
                    such excess indemnification set forth in
                    Section 204 of the California Corporations
                    Code."

                    3.   The foregoing amendment of the Restated Articles
          of Incorporation has been duly approved by the board of
          directors.

                    4.   The foregoing amendment of the Restated Articles
          of Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of
          shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of the Corporations
          Code.  The total number of outstanding shares of the
          corporation entitled to vote with respect to the foregoing
          amendment of the Restated Articles of Incorporation was
          4,946,892.  The number of shares voting in favor of the
          amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.  The
          percentage vote required was more than 50%.



                                        -3-

                                    Page 64 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>

                    We further declare under penalty of perjury under the    
  laws of the State of California that the matters set forth in
          this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.


          Date:  July 29, 1988.
                      --

                                        /s/ KOSTI SHIRVANIAN
                                        ----------------------------
                                        KOSTI SHIRVANIAN, President


                                        /s/ SAVEY TUFENKIAN
                                        SAVEY TUFENKIAN, Secretary




































                                        -4-

                                    Page 65 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                              CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                         OF
                         RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                                         OF
                              WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES


               Kosti Shirvanian and Savey Tufenkian certify that:

               1.   They are the President and the Secretary,
          respectively, of Western Waste Industries, a California
          corporation.

               2.   The outstanding shares of this corporation's Common
          Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

               3.   Article III of the Restated Articles of Incorporation
          of this corporation is amended to read as follows:

                                       "III.

                    (a)  This corporation is authorized to
                    issue two classes of shares, to be
                    designated Common Stock and Preferred
                    Stock, respectively.  The corporation shall
                    have authority to issue 15,000,000 shares
                    of Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of
                    Preferred Stock.

                    (b)  The Preferred Stock may be used in any
                    number of series, as determined by the
                    Board of Directors.  The Board may by
                    resolution fix the designation and number
                    of shares of any such series.  The Board
                    may thereafter in the same manner increase
                    or decrease the number of shares of any
                    such series (but not below the number of
                    shares of that series then outstanding).

                    (c)  The Board may determine, alter, or
                    revoke the rights, preferences, privileges,
                    and restrictions of any wholly unissued
                    class or series of shares."

               4.   An article designated "VII" is added to the Restated
          Articles of Incorporation of this corporation to read as
          follows:



                                        -5-

                                    Page 66 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
 
                                      "VII.
                    No holder of any class of stock of this
                    corporation shall be entitled to cumulate
                    votes at any election of directors of this
                    corporation."

               5.   The foregoing amendments of the Restated Articles of
          Incorporation of this corporation have been duly approved by
          the Board of Directors.

               6.   The foregoing amendments of the Restated Articles of
          Incorporation of this corporation have been duly approved by
          the required vote of shareholders in accordance with
          Section 902 of the Corporations Code.  The total number of
          outstanding shares of the corporation at the time the foregoing
          amendments were approved by the shareholders was 13,237,039. 
          The number of shares voting in favor of the amendments equaled
          or exceeded the vote required.  The percentage vote required
          was more than 50%.

               We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws
          of the State of California that the matters set forth in this
          Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

               Dated this 1st of APRIL 1991.
                          ---

                                        /s/ KOSTI SHIRVANIAN
                                        -------------------------------
                                            Kosti Shirvanian, President


                                        /s/ SAVEY TUFENKIAN
                                        -------------------------------
                                            Savey Tufenkian, Secretary















                                        -6-

                                    Page 67 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                              CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                         OF         
                          RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
                                         OF
                              WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES



                    Kosti Shirvanian and Savey Tufenkian certify that:

                    1.   They are the President and the Secretary,
          respectively, of Western Waste Industries, a California
          corporation.

                    2.   Article III of the Restated Articles of
          Incorporation of this Corporation is amended to read as
          follows:

                                        "III

                              (a)  This corporation is authorized to
                    issue two classes of shares, to be designated
                    Common Stock and Preferred Stock, respectively. 
                    The corporation shall have authority to issue
                    50,000,000 shares of Common Stock and
                    2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock.

                              (b)  The Preferred Stock may be issued
                    in any number of series, as determined by the
                    Board of Directors.  The Board may by resolution 
                    fix the designation and number of shares of any
                    such series.  The Board may thereafter in the
                    same manner increase or decrease the number of
                    shares of any such series (but not below the
                    number of shares of that series then
                    outstanding).

                              (c)  The Board may determine, alter,
                    or revoke the rights, preferences, privileges,
                    and restrictions of any wholly unissued class or
                    series of shares."

                    3.   The foregoing amendment of the Restated Articles
          of Incorporation has been duly approved by the Board of
          Directors.

                    4.   The foregoing amendment of the Restated Articles
          of Incorporation has been duly approved by the required vote of
          shareholders in accordance with Section 902 of the California
          Corporations Code.  The total number of outstanding shares of
          this corporation entitled to vote on the foregoing amendment
          was 13,485,388.  The number of shares voting in favor of the

                                        -7-
                                    Page 68 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          amendment equaled or exceeded the vote required.  The
          percentage vote required was more than 50%.

                    We further declare under penalty of perjury under the
          laws of the State of California that the matters set forth in
          this certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

                    Dated this 25th day of September, 1991.
                               ----


                                        /s/ KOSTI SHIRVANIAN
                                        ---------------------------
                                        KOSTI SHIRVANIAN, President



                                        /s/ SAVEY TUFENKIAN
                                        ---------------------------
                                        SAVEY TUFENKIAN, Secretary































                                        -8-

                                    Page 69 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                AGREEMENT OF MERGER
                                -------------------

               THIS AGREEMENT OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), is entered
          into as of April _3_, 1992, by and between WESTERN WASTE
          INDUSTRIES, a California corporation ("Western") and UNITED
          PACIFIC CORPORATION, a California corporation ("United"). 
          Western and United are sometimes collectively referred to
          herein as the "Constituent Corporations."  Western is sometimes
          referred to herein as the "Surviving Corporation."

                                 R E C I T A L S:
                                 ---------------
               A.   Western is a corporation duly organized and existing
          under the laws of the State of California.  As of the date
          hereof, the authorized capital stock of Western consists of
          50,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value (the "Western
          Common Stock"), of which 13,594,953 shares are issued and
          outstanding.

               B.   United is a corporation duly organized and existing
          under the laws of the State of California.  As of the date
          hereof, the authorized capital stock of United consists of
          100,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value (the United Common
          Stock"), of which 100,000 shares are issued and outstanding.

               C.   The Constituent Corporations have entered into an
          Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of April _3_,
          1992, providing for the merger of United with and into Western
          (the "Agreement and Plan of Reorganization"), which is intended
          to be construed together with this Agreement in order to
          effectuate their purposes.

               NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                      I.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MERGER
                      --  ----------------------------------
               1.1  MERGER.  United shall be merged with and into Western
          (the "Merger"), and Western will survive the Merger.  As the
          Surviving Corporation, Western will continue its corporate
          existence under the laws of the State of California.  The
          separate existence and corporate organization of United, except
          insofar as it may be continued by operation of law, will
          terminate and cease following the Merger.  The Merger will be
          effective as of the date on which this Agreement is duly filed
          with the Secretary of State of the State of California in
          accordance with the California General Corporation Law (the
          "Effective Date").

               1.2  SUCCESSION.  On the Effective Date, the separate
          existence of United shall cease and Western shall succeed,
          without other transfer, to all the rights, privileges, powers,
          franchises and immunities and all property of United, and shall

                                        -9-
                                    Page 70 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          be subject to all the obligations, debts and liabilities of
          United in the same manner as if Western had itself incurred
          them.

               1.3  CONVERSION OF SHARES.

                    1.3.1  On the Effective Date, by virtue of the Merger
          and without any further action on the pat of the Constituent
          Corporations or their respective shareholders, each outstanding
          share of United Common Stock shall be converted into 0.65 of a
          fully paid and nonassessable share of Western Common Stock.

                    1.3.2  Each share of Western Common Stock outstanding
          immediately prior to the Effective Date shall remain
          outstanding without change by virtue of the Merger.

               1.4  STOCK CERTIFICATES.  On and after the Effective Date,
          all of the outstanding certificates that prior to that time
          represented shares of United Common Stock shall be deemed for
          all purposes to evidence ownership of any to represent the
          shares of Western Common Stock into which the shares of United
          Common Stock represented by such certificates have been
          converted as herein provided and shall be so registered on the
          books and records of Western or its transfer agents.  The
          registered owner of any such outstanding share of United Common
          Stock shall, until such certificate shall have been surrendered
          for transfer or otherwise accounted for to Western or its
          transfer agent, have and be entitled to exercise any voting and
          other rights with respect to and, upon surrender of the United
          Common Stock shall, receive any dividend and other
          distributions declared with respect to the shares of Western
          Common Stock evidenced by such outstanding certificate as
          provided above.

               1.5  TRANSFERS OF UNITED SHARES.  If any shares of Western
          Common Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in
          which the certificate representing shares of United Common
          Stock surrendered for exchange is registered, it shall be a
          condition of such issuance that the certificate so surrendered
          be properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form of transfer
          and that the person requesting such transfer either pay to
          Western any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
          issuance of shares of Western Common Stock to a person other
          than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered or
          establish to Western that such tax has been paid or is not
          payable.

               1.6  LEGENDS.  All certificates evidencing shares of
          Western Common Stock and to be issued to holders of United
          Common Stock shall bear such legends as may in the opinion of
          counsel to Western be necessary to comply with applicable
          federal and state securities laws.

                                        -10-
                                    Page 71 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  II.  CHARTER DOCUMENTS, DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
                  ---  -----------------------------------------
               2.1  ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION.  The Articles of
          Incorporation of Western as in effect immediately prior to the
          Effective Date shall remain the Articles of Incorporation of
          the Surviving Corporations from and after the Effective Date.

               2.2  BYLAWS.  The Bylaws of Western as in effect
          immediately prior to the Effective Date shall remain the Bylaws
          of the Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Date.

               2.3  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.  The directors and officers
          of Western immediately prior to the Effective Date shall, from
          and after the Effective Date, be and remain the directors and
          officers of the Surviving Corporation until their respective
          successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or
          until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance
          with the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving
          Corporation.

                                III.  MISCELLANEOUS
                                ----  -------------
               3.1  FURTHER ASSURANCES.  From time to time, and when
          required by Western or by its successors and assigns, there
          shall be executed and delivered on behalf of United such deeds
          and other instruments, and there shall be taken or caused to be
          taken by it such further actions, as shall be appropriate or
          necessary in order to vest or perfect, or to confirm of record
          of otherwise, in Western the title to and possession of all the
          property, interests, assets, rights, privileges, immunities,
          powers, franchises and authority of United and otherwise to
          carry out the purposes of this Agreement, and the directors and
          officers of Western are fully authorized in the name and on
          behalf of United or otherwise to take any and all such actions
          and to execute and deliver any and all such deeds and other
          instruments.

               3.2  TERMINATION.  At any time before the Effective Date,
          this Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be
          abandoned by mutual consent of the Boards of Directors of the
          Constituent Corporations, notwithstanding the approval of the
          Merger by the shareholders of the Constituent Corporations, or
          the consummation of the Merger may be deferred for a reasonable
          period if, in the mutual opinion of the Boards of Directors of
          the Constituent Corporations, such action would be in the best
          interests of the Constituent Corporations.  This Agreement
          shall automatically terminate without any further action of the
          Constituent Corporations upon the termination of the Agreement
          and Plan of Reorganization.



                                        -11-

                                    Page 72 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
               3.3  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by
          and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
          California.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement, having first been duly
          approved by the Boards of Directors of the Constituent
          Corporations, is hereby executed on behalf of each said
          corporation and attested by their respective officers thereunto
          duly authorized as of the date first above written.


                                        WESTERN
                                        -------
                                        WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES,
                                        a California corporation


                                        By:   /s/ MARK D. BOZAJIAN
                                             --------------------------
                                             EXECUTIVE VICE, PRESIDENT

                                        By:   /s/ SAVEY TUFENKIAN
                                             --------------------------
                                             SECRETARY


                                        UNITED

                                        UNITED PACIFIC CORPORATION,
                                        a California corporation


                                        By:   /s/ LANCE B. JONES
                                             -------------------------
                                             Lance B. Jones, President


                                        By:   /s/ GUS K. FRANKLIN
                                             -------------------------
                                             Gus K. Franklin, Secretary











                                        -12-

                                    Page 73 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                              CERTIFICATE OF APPROVAL
                              -----------------------

          Lance B. Jones and Gus K. Franklin hereby certify that:

               1.   They are the President and the Secretary,
          respectively, of United Pacific Corporation, a corporation
          organized under the laws of the State of California (the
          "Corporation").

               2.   The Corporation has only one class of shares,
          designated as Common Stock.  The total number of outstanding
          shares of Common Stock of the Corporation is 100,000.

               3.   The principle terms of the Agreement of Merger in the
          form attached hereto were approved by the Corporation by a vote
          of a number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation which
          equaled or exceeded the vote required.  The Common Stock was
          the sole class outstanding and entitled to vote, and the
          percentage vote required of such class was more than fifty
          percent (50%).

               We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws
          of the State of California that the matters set forth in this
          Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

               Executed at Gardena, California on April  3 , 1992.
                                                        ---


                                        /s/ LANCE B. JONES
                                        --------------------------------
                                        Lance B. Jones, President


                                        /s/ GUS K. FRANKLIN
                                        --------------------------------
                                        Gus K. Franklin, Secretary













                                        -13-

                                    Page 74 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                              CERTIFICATE OF APPROVAL


             SAVEY TUFENKIAN    and    MARK D. BOZAJIAN    hereby certify
          ---------------------     ----------------------
          that:

               1.   They are the Secretary and the Exec. V.P.,
          respectively, of Western Waste Industries, a corporation
          organized under the laws of the State of California (the
          "Corporation").

               2.   The Corporation has only one class of shares,
          designated as Common Stock.  The total number of outstanding
          shares of Common Stock of the Corporation is 13,594,953, none
          of which was entitled to vote on the merger.

               3.   The Agreement of Merger in the form attached hereto
          was entitled to be and was approved by the Board of Directors
          of the Corporation alone under the provisions of Section 1201
          of the General Corporation Law of the State of California.

               We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws
          of the State of California that the matters set forth in this
          Certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.

               Executed at Gardena, California on April  3 , 1992.
                                                        ---


                                        /s/ MARK D. BOZAJIAN        
                                        -------------------------------
                                        ____________, President


                                        /s/ SAVEY TUFENKIAN         
                                        -------------------------------
                                        ____________, Secretary













                                        -14-

                                    Page 75 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 10.15

                              THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE

          This Third Amendment to Lease ("Third Amendment"), dated as of
          February 28, 1995, is entered into by and between KOSTI and
          MARIAN SHIRVANIAN, husband and wife ("Lessor") and WESTERN
          WASTE INDUSTRIES, a California corporation, formerly known as
          "Western Refuse Hauling, Inc." ("Tenant").

                                      Recitals

             A.   Lessor and Tenant entered into that certain Twenty-
          Five (25) Year Lease ("Lease"), dated May 1, 1968, pursuant to
          which Lessor leased to Tenant those premises in the County of
          Los Angeles, State of California, described as:  "Approximately
          two and one- half acres known as 401 W. Francisco, together
          with approximately one acre immediately adjacent to said
          property abutting on Main St."  The capitalized terms used and
          not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth
          for such terms in the Lease.

             B.   The Lease was amended on March 24, 1983 ("First Amend-
          ment") to, among other things, increase the rental and to
          provide for future rent adjustments.

             C.   The Lease was also amended on February 28, 1993,
          ("Second Amendment") to, among other things, increase the
          rental and provide for future rent adjustments.

             D.   Lessor and Tenant now desire to amend the Lease as
          hereinafter provided.


                                     Amendment

             NOW, THEREFORE, Lessor and Tenant agree as follows:

             1.   Expiration Date.  That paragraph of the Second
          Amendment modifying the expiration date of the Lease is hereby
          deleted in its entirety and the following is substituted in
          place thereof:

             TO HAVE AND TO HOLD  said premises, together with the
             tenements, hereditaments, appurtenances and easements
             thereunto belonging, at the rental and upon the terms,
             conditions, covenants and agreements herein stated, for a
             term commencing on the 1st day of June 1968, and ending
             on the 31st day of August 1995, hereinafter called "said
             term."


                                        -1-
                                    Page 76 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             2.   No Other Modification.  Except as modified by this
          Third Amendment, the Lease, as amended, remains in full force
          and effect.

             3.   Miscellaneous.  This Third Amendment shall bind, and
          shall inure to the benefit of, the successors and assigns of
          the parties.  This document may be executed in counterparts
          with the same force and effect as if the parties had executed
          one instrument, and each such counterpart shall constitute an
          original hereof.  No provision of this Third Amendment that is
          held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid shall affect
          the remaining provisions, and to this end all provisions hereof
          are hereby declared to severable.  Time is of the essence of
          this Third Amendment.  This Third Amendment shall be governed
          by the laws of the State of California.

             IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Third Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first
          written above.


                            "LESSOR"



                            /s/ KOSTI SHIRVANIAN
                            ------------------------------------
                            Kosti Shirvanian


                            /s/ MARIAN SHIRVANIAN
                            ------------------------------------- 
                            Marian Shirvanian




                            "TENANT"

                             WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES

                             /s/ ARNIE ROTHLISBERGER
                          By: ----------------------------------
                              ARNIE ROTHLISBERGER
                              Vice President and General Counsel
                              Title





                                        -2-

                                    Page 77 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                   EXHIBIT 10.16

                             FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE


          This Fourth Amendment to Lease ("Fourth Amendment"), dated as
          of August 31, 1995, is entered into by and between KOSTI and
          MARIAN SHIRVANIAN, husband and wife ("Lessor") and WESTERN
          WASTE INDUSTRIES, a California corporation, formerly known as
          "Western Refuse Hauling, Inc." ("Tenant").

                                      Recitals

             A.   Lessor and Tenant entered into that certain Twenty-
          Five (25) Year Lease ("Lease"), dated May 1, 1968, pursuant to
          which Lessor leased to Tenant those premises in the County of
          Los Angeles, State of California, described as:  "Approximately
          two and one-half acres known as 401 W. Francisco, together with
          approximately one acre immediately adjacent to said property
          abutting on Main St."  The capitalized terms used and not
          otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth for
          such terms in the Lease.

             B.   The Lease was amended on March 24, 1983 ("First Amend-
          ment") to, among other things, increase the rental and to
          provide for future rent adjustments.

             C.   The Lease was also amended on February 28, 1993,
          ("Second Amendment") to, among other things, increase the
          rental and provide for future rent adjustments.

             D.   The Lease was subsequently amended on February 28, 1995
          ("Third Amendment") to extend the expiration date of the Lease.


             E.   Lessor and Tenant now desire to amend the Lease as
          hereinafter provided.

                                     Amendment

             NOW, THEREFORE, Lessor and Tenant agree as follows:

             1.   Expiration Date.  The Third Amendment to the Lease is
          hereby deleted in its entirety and the following is substituted
          in place thereof:

             TO HAVE AND TO HOLD  said premises, together with the
             tenements, hereditaments, appurtenances and easements
             thereunto belonging, at the rental and upon the terms,
             conditions, covenants and agreements herein stated, for a
             term commencing on the 1st day of June 1968, and ending
             on the 28th day of February 1996, hereinafter called
             "said term."

                                        -1-
                                    Page 78 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             2.   No Other Modification.  Except as modified by this
          Fourth Amendment, the Lease, as amended, remains in full force
          and effect.

             3.   Miscellaneous.  This Fourth Amendment shall bind, and
          shall inure to the benefit of, the successors and assigns of
          the parties.  This document may be executed in counterparts
          with the same force and effect as if the parties had executed
          one instrument, and each such counterpart shall constitute an
          original hereof.  No provision of this Fourth Amendment that is
          held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid shall affect
          the remaining provisions, and to this end all provisions hereof
          are hereby declared to severable.  Time is of the essence of
          this Fourth Amendment.  This Fourth Amendment shall be governed
          by the laws of the State of California.

             IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Fourth Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first
          written above.


                                      "LESSOR"


                                      /s/ Kosti Shirvanian
                                      _________________________________
                                      Kosti Shirvanian


                                      /s/ Marian Shirvanian
                                      _________________________________
                                      Marian Shirvanian



                                      "TENANT"

                                      WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES



                                      By:  _____________________________
                                           Vice President and General
                                           Counsel
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Title





                                        -2-

                                    Page 79 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                 EXHIBIT 10.17




          Western Waste Industries 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan
          Plan Cover Sheet














































                                    Page 80 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>





















            WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES 401(K) SAVINGS AND INVESTMENT PLAN 






















                                   IMPORTANT NOTE


          Neither Connecticut General Life Insurance Company nor any of
          its employees can provide you with legal advice in connection
          with the execution of this document.  Prior to execution of
          this document, you should consult your attorney on whether this
          document is appropriate for you. 


                                    Page 81 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                 Table Of Contents

          ARTICLE I         Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

          ARTICLE II        Service . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16

          ARTICLE III       Eligibility, Enrollment and Participation  19

          ARTICLE IV        Contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  21

          ARTICLE V         Limitations on Allocations  . . . . . . .  32

          ARTICLE VI        Distribution of Benefits  . . . . . . . .  39

          ARTICLE VI-A      Direct Rollovers  . . . . . . . . . . . .  45

          ARTICLE VII       Retirement Benefits . . . . . . . . . . .  47

          ARTICLE VIII      Joint and Survivor Annuity Requirements .  48

          ARTICLE IX        Termination of Employment . . . . . . . .  53

          ARTICLE X         Withdrawals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  55

          ARTICLE X-A       Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  58

          ARTICLE XI        Fiduciary Duties and Responsibilities . .  60

          ARTICLE XII       The Administrator . . . . . . . . . . . .  61

          ARTICLE XIII      Participants' Rights  . . . . . . . . . .  63

          ARTICLE XIV       Amendment or Termination of the Plan  . .  66

          ARTICLE XV        Substitution of Plans . . . . . . . . . .  68

          ARTICLE XVI       Miscellaneous . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  69

          ARTICLE XVI-A     Top-Heavy Provisions  . . . . . . . . . .  71

          ARTICLE XVII      Trust Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . .  76






          October 31, 1994





                                    Page 82 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE I
                                    DEFINITIONS
                                    -----------


          1.1     ACCRUED BENEFIT. The term Accrued Benefit means the
                  value on any applicable date of the Participant's
                  Account.

          1.2     ACTIVE PARTICIPANT. The term Active Participant means
                  any Participant who (a) performs duties as an Employee
                  for the Employer, and (b) is not an Inactive
                  Participant. 

          1.3     ACTUAL CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGE.  The term Actual
                  Contribution Percentage means the average of the Actual
                  Contribution Ratios of a specified group computed to
                  the nearest one-hundredth of one percent. 

          1.4     ACTUAL CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGE TEST. 

             (A)  For each Plan Year, the Plan shall satisfy the
                  contribution percentage requirement described in
                  section 401(m)(2) of the Code and the regulations
                  thereunder, which are incorporated herein. 

                  The Plan satisfies the Actual Contribution Percentage
                  Test if:

                  (1)  The Actual Contribution Percentage for the group
                       of eligible Highly Compensated Employees is not
                       more than the Actual Contribution Percentage for
                       the group of all other eligible Employees
                       multiplied by 1.25; or

                  (2)  The excess of the Actual Contribution Percentage
                       for the group of eligible Highly Compensated
                       Employees over the Actual Contribution Percentage
                       for the group of all other eligible Employees is
                       not more than two percentage points, and the
                       Actual Contribution Percentage for the group of
                       eligible Highly Compensated Employees is not more
                       than the Actual Contribution Percentage for the
                       group of all other eligible Employees multiplied
                       by two. 

             (B)  Special Rules. 

                  (1)  Matching Contributions and Qualified Nonelective
                       Contributions will be considered for a Plan Year
                       only if allocated to the Employee's Account as of
                       any date within the Plan Year being tested and
                       only if made before the last day of the twelve

                                        -1-
                                    Page 83 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                       month period immediately following the Plan Year
                       to which such contributions relate. 

                  (2)  A Matching Contribution that is forfeited to
                       correct Excess Aggregate Contributions, or because
                       the contribution to which it relates is treated as
                       an Excess Contribution, Excess Deferral,  or
                       Excess Aggregate Contribution, shall not be taken
                       into account for purposes of the Actual
                       Contribution Percentage Test. 

                  (3)  The Employer shall maintain records sufficient to
                       demonstrate satisfaction of the Actual
                       Contribution Percentage Test, including records
                       showing the extent to which Qualified Nonelective
                       Contributions and Elective Deferral Contributions
                       are taken into account. 

          1.5     ACTUAL CONTRIBUTION RATIO. 

             (A)  An Employee's Actual Contribution Ratio is the sum of
                  the Contribution Percentage Amounts allocated to the
                  Employee's Account for the Plan Year (including any
                  amounts required to be taken into account under
                  subparagraphs (B) (1) and (B) (2) of this section)
                  divided by the Employee's Compensation for the Plan
                  Year.  If no Matching Contributions, Qualified
                  Nonelective Contributions, or Elective Deferral
                  Contributions are taken into account with respect to an
                  eligible Employee, the Actual Contribution Ratio of the
                  Employee is zero. 

             (B)  Special Rules. 

                  (1)  In the event that this Plan is aggregated with one
                       or more plans for purposes of section 410(b) of
                       the Code (other than for purposes of the average
                       benefit percentage test), or if one or more other
                       plans satisfy the requirements of section 410(b)
                       of the Code (other than the average benefit
                       percentage test) only if aggregated with this
                       Plan, then this section shall be applied by
                       determining the Actual Contribution Ratios of
                       Employees as if all such plans were a single plan. 
                       Plans may be aggregated only if they have the same
                       Plan Year. 

                  (2)  The Actual Contribution Ratio of a Highly
                       Compensated Employee who is eligible to
                       participate in more than one plan of the Employer
                       to which Matching Contributions are made shall be
                       calculated by treating all such plans in which the
                       Employee is eligible to participate as one plan. 

                                        -2-
                                    Page 84 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                       For Plan Years beginning after December 31, 1988,
                       if a Highly Compensated Employee participates in
                       two or more plans that have different plan years,
                       all plans ending with or within the same calendar
                       year shall be treated as a single plan.  However,
                       plans that are not permitted to be aggregated
                       under Treasury Regulation section
                       1.401(m)-1(b)(3)(ii) shall not be aggregated for
                       purposes of this section. 

                  (3)  For purposes of determining the Actual
                       Contribution Ratio of a Participant who is a
                       5-percent owner or one of the ten most highly-paid
                       Highly Compensated Employees, the Contribution
                       Percentage Amounts and Compensation of such
                       Participant shall include the Contribution
                       Percentage Amounts (including any amounts required
                       to be taken into account under subparagraphs
                       (B)(1) and (B)(2) of this section) and
                       Compensation for the Plan Year of all Family
                       Members. 

                       If the Participant is required to be aggregated as
                       a member of more than one family group under the
                       Plan, all eligible Employees who are members of
                       those family groups that include that Employee are
                       aggregated as one family group. 

                       Family Members, with respect to Highly Compensated
                       Employees, shall be disregarded as separate
                       Employees in determining the Actual Contribution
                       Ratio both for Participants who are Nonhighly
                       Compensated Employees and for Participants who are
                       Highly Compensated Employees. 

                  (4)  The determination and treatment of the Actual
                       Contribution Ratio amounts of any Participant
                       shall satisfy such other requirements as may be
                       prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. 

          1.6     ACTUAL DEFERRAL PERCENTAGE.  The term Actual Deferral
                  Percentage means the average of the Actual Deferral
                  Ratios of a specified group, computed to the nearest
                  one-hundredth of one percent.

          1.7     ACTUAL DEFERRAL PERCENTAGE TEST.

             (A)  For each Plan Year, the Plan shall satisfy the Actual
                  Deferral Percentage Test described in section 410(k)(3)
                  and the regulations thereunder, which are herein
                  incorporated by reference. 


                                        -3-
                                    Page 85 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  The Plan satisfies the Actual Deferral Percentage Test
                  for a Plan Year only if:

                  (1)  The Actual Deferral Percentage for the group of
                       eligible Highly Compensated Employees is not more
                       than the Actual Deferral Percentage for the group
                       of all other eligible Employees multiplied by
                       1.25; or

                  (2)  The excess of the Actual Deferral Percentage for
                       the group of eligible Highly Compensated Employees
                       over the Actual Deferral Percentage for the group
                       of all other eligible Employees is not more than
                       two percentage points, and the Actual Deferral
                       Percentage for the group of eligible Highly
                       Compensated Employees is not more than the Average
                       Actual Deferral Percentage for the group of all
                       other eligible Employees multiplied by two. 

             (B)  Special Rules. 

                  (1)  For purposes of determining the Actual Deferral
                       Percentage Test, Elective Deferral Contributions,
                       Qualified Nonelective Contributions, and Qualified
                       Matching Contributions must be allocated to the
                       Employee's Account as of a date within the Plan
                       Year being tested and must be made before the last
                       day of the twelve-month period immediately
                       following the Plan Year to which such
                       contributions relate. 

                  (2)  The Excess Deferrals of a Highly Compensated
                       Employee shall be taken into account for purposes
                       of the Actual Deferral Percentage Test. 
                       Conversely, the Excess Deferrals of an Employee
                       who is a Nonhighly Compensated Employee shall not
                       be taken into account for purposes of the Actual
                       Deferral Percentage Test. 

                  (3)  The Employer shall maintain records sufficient to
                       demonstrate satisfaction of the Actual Deferral
                       Percentage Test, including the extent to which
                       Qualified Nonelective Contributions and Qualified
                       Matching Contributions are taken into account. 

          1.8     ACTUAL DEFERRAL RATIO. 

             (A)  An Employee's Actual Deferral Ratio for the Plan Year
                  is the sum of the Employee's Deferral Percentage
                  Amounts allocated to the Employee's Account for the
                  Plan Year (including any amounts required to be taken
                  into account under subparagraphs (B) (1) and (B) (2) of
                  this section), divided by the Employee's Compensation

                                        -4-
                                    Page 86 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  taken into account for the Plan Year.  If an eligible
                  Employee makes no Elective Deferral Contributions, and
                  no Qualified Matching Contributions or Qualified
                  Nonelective Contributions are taken into account with
                  respect to the Employee, the Actual Deferral Ratio of
                  the Employee is zero. 

             (B)  Special Rules. 

                  (1)  In the event that this Plan is aggregated with one
                       or more plans for purposes of section 410(b) of
                       the Code (other than for purposes of the average
                       benefit percentage test), or if one or more other
                       plans satisfy the requirements of section 410(b)
                       of the Code (other than the average benefit
                       percentage test) only if aggregated with this
                       Plan, then this section shall be applied by
                       determining the Actual Deferral Ratio of Employees
                       as if all such plans were a single plan.  Plans
                       may be aggregated only if they have the same Plan
                       Year. 

                  (2)  The Actual Deferral Ratio of a Highly Compensated
                       Employee who is eligible to participate in more
                       than one cash or deferred arrangement (as
                       described in section 401(k) of the Code) of the
                       same Employer shall be calculated by treating all
                       the cash or deferred arrangements in which the
                       Employee is eligible to participate as one
                       arrangement.  If the cash or deferred arrangements
                       that are treated as a single arrangement under the
                       preceding sentence are parts of plans that have
                       different Plan Years, the cash or deferred
                       arrangements are treated as a single arrangement
                       with respect to the Plan Years ending with or
                       within the same calendar year.  However, plans
                       that are not permitted to be aggregated under
                       Treasury Regulation section
                       1.401(k)-1(b)(3)(ii)(B) are not aggregated for
                       purposes of this section. 

                  (3)  For purposes of determining the Actual Deferral
                       Ratio of a Participant who is a 5 percent owner or
                       one of the 10 most Highly Compensated Employees,
                       the Deferral Percentage Amounts and Compensation
                       of such Participant shall include the Deferral
                       Percentage Amounts (including any amounts required
                       to be taken into account under subparagraphs (B)
                       (1) and (B) (2) of this section) and Compensation
                       for the Plan Year of Family Members. 

                       If an Employee is required to be aggregated as a
                       member of more than one family group under the

                                        -5-
                                    Page 87 of 191                  <PAGE> <PAGE>
                       Plan, all eligible Employees who are members of
                       those family groups that include that Employee are
                       aggregated as one family group. 

                       Family Members, with respect to such Highly
                       Compensated Employees, shall be disregarded as
                       separate Employees in determining the Actual
                       Deferral Percentage both for Participants who are
                       Non-highly Compensated Employees and for
                       Participants who are Highly Compensated Employees.


                  (4)  The determination and treatment of the Actual
                       Deferral Ratio amounts of any Participant shall
                       satisfy such other requirements as may be
                       prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury. 

          1.9     ANNUITY.  The term Annuity means a series of payments
                  made over a specified period of time which, for a fixed
                  annuity are, of equal, specified amounts, and for a
                  variable annuity increase or decrease to reflect
                  changes in investment performance of the underlying
                  portfolio. 

          1.10    ANNUITY STARTING DATE.  The term Annuity Starting Date
                  means the first day of the first period for which an
                  amount is payable as an Annuity.  In the case of a
                  benefit not payable in the form of an Annuity, the term
                  Annuity Starting Date means the first day on which all
                  events have occurred which entitle the Participant to
                  such benefit. 

          1.11    BENEFICIARY. The Participant's Spouse is the designated
                  Beneficiary of the Participant's entire Vested
                  Interest. However, each Participant shall have the
                  right to designate another Beneficiary and to specify
                  the form of death benefit the Beneficiary is to
                  receive, subject to the requirements of the "Qualified
                  Election" provisions of Article VIII, Joint and
                  Survivor Annuity Requirements.  The Participant may
                  change the Beneficiary and/or the form of death benefit
                  at any time, subject to the requirements of the
                  "Qualified Election" provisions of Article VIII, Joint
                  and Survivor Annuity Requirements. 

             If any distribution hereunder is made to a Beneficiary in
             the form of an Annuity, and if such Annuity provides for a
             death benefit, then such Beneficiary shall also have the
             right to designate a Beneficiary and to change that
             Beneficiary from time to time.  As an alternative to
             receiving the benefit in the form of an Annuity, the
             Beneficiary may elect to receive a single cash payment or
             any other form of payment provided for in the Plan. 

                                        -6-
                                    Page 88 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             If a Beneficiary has not been designated, or if a
             Beneficiary designation or change of Beneficiary designation
             does not meet the requirements of the "Qualified Election"
             provisions of Article VIII, Joint and Survivor Annuity
             Requirements, (including any designation made prior to
             August 23, 1984 by a married Participant who has an Hour of
             Service on or after August 23, 1984), or if no designated
             Beneficiary survives the Participant, the Participant's
             entire Vested Interest shall be distributed to the
             Participant's Spouse, if living; otherwise in equal shares
             to any surviving children of the Participant. In the event
             none of the above named individuals survives the
             Participant, the Participant's entire Vested Interest shall
             be paid to the executor or administrator of the
             Participant's estate. 

          1.12    BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The term Board of Directors means
                  the Employer's board of directors or other comparable
                  governing body.

          1.13    CODE. The term Code means the Internal Revenue Code of
                  1986, as amended from time to time.

          1.14    COMPENSATION. 

             (A)  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the term
                  Compensation means wages within the meaning of section
                  3401(a) of the Code for the purposes of income tax
                  withholding at the source but determined without regard
                  to any rules that limit the remuneration included in
                  wages based on the nature or location of the employment
                  or the services performed (such as the exception for
                  agricultural labor in section 3401(a)(2) of the Code). 

             (B)  Compensation shall include only that Compensation which
                  is actually paid to the Participant during the
                  determination period.  Except as provided elsewhere in
                  the Plan, the determination period shall be the Plan
                  Year.   However, for the Plan Year in which an Employee
                  begins participation in the Plan and the Plan Year in
                  which an Employee ends participation in the Plan, the
                  determination period is the portion of the Plan Year
                  during which the Employee is a Participant in the Plan.


             (C)  Compensation shall include any amount which is
                  contributed by the Employer pursuant to a salary
                  reduction agreement and which is not includible in the
                  gross income of the employee under sections 125,
                  402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) of the Code; Compensation
                  deferred under an eligible deferred compensation plan
                  within the meaning of section 457(d) of the Code; and

                                        -7-
                                    Page 89 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  employee contributions described in section 414(h)(2)
                  of the Code that are picked up by the employing unit
                  and, thus, are treated as employer contributions. 

             (D)  The annual Compensation of each Participant taken into
                  account for determining all benefits provided under the
                  Plan for any determination period shall not exceed
                  $200,000.  This limitation shall be adjusted by the
                  Secretary of the Treasury at the time and in the same
                  manner as under section 415(d) of the Code, except that
                  the dollar increase in effect on January 1 of any
                  calendar year is effective for determination periods
                  beginning in such calendar year and the first
                  adjustment to the $200,000 limitation is effected on
                  January 1, 1990.  If the period for determining
                  Compensation used in calculating an Employee's
                  allocation for a determination period is a short Plan
                  Year (i.e., shorter than 12 months), the annual
                  Compensation limit is an amount equal to the otherwise
                  applicable annual Compensation limit multiplied by a
                  fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
                  months in the short Plan Year, and the denominator of
                  which is 12. 

                  In determining the Compensation of a Participant for
                  purposes of this limitation, the rules of section
                  414(q)(6) of the Code shall apply, except in applying
                  such rules, the term "family" shall include only the
                  Spouse of the Participant and any lineal descendants of
                  the Participant who have not attained age 19 before the
                  close of the year.  If, as a result of the application
                  of such rules, the adjusted $200,000 limitation is
                  exceeded, then either the limitation shall be prorated
                  among the affected individuals in proportion to each
                  such individual's Compensation as determined under this
                  section prior to the application of this limitation, or
                  the limitation shall be allocated among the affected
                  individuals in an objective and nondiscriminatory
                  manner based on a reasonable, good faith interpretation
                  of section 401(a)(17) of the Code.  The method chosen
                  in the preceding sentence shall be uniformly applied to
                  all affected individuals in a Plan Year and shall be
                  applied consistently from year to year. 

                  If Compensation for any prior determination period is
                  taken into account in determining an Employee's
                  allocations or benefits for the current determination
                  period, the Compensation for such prior determination
                  period is subject to the applicable annual Compensation
                  limit in effect for that prior year.  For this purpose,
                  for years beginning before January 1, 1990, the
                  applicable annual Compensation limit is $200,000. 

                                        -8-
                                    Page 90 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             (E)  In addition to other applicable limitations set forth
                  in the Plan, and notwithstanding any other provision of
                  the Plan to the contrary, for Plan Years beginning on
                  or after January 1, 1994, the annual Compensation of
                  each Employee taken into account under the Plan shall
                  not exceed the OBRA '93 annual Compensation limit.  The
                  OBRA '93 annual Compensation limit is $150,000, as
                  adjusted by the Commissioner for increases in the cost
                  of living in accordance with section 401(a)(17)(B) of
                  the Code.  The cost-of-living adjustment in effect for
                  a calendar year applies to any period, not exceeding 12
                  months, over which Compensation is determined
                  (determination period) beginning in such calendar year. 
                  If a determination period consists of fewer than 12
                  months, the OBRA '93 annual Compensation limit will be
                  multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
                  number of months in the determination period, and the
                  denominator of which is 12.  For Plan Years beginning
                  on or after January 1, 1994, any reference in this Plan
                  to the limitation under section 401(a)(17) of the Code
                  shall mean the OBRA '93 annual Compensation limit set
                  forth in this provision.  If Compensation for any prior
                  determination period is taken into account in
                  determining an employee's benefits accruing in the
                  current Plan Year, the Compensation for that prior
                  determination period is subject to the OBRA '93 annual
                  Compensation limit in effect for that prior
                  determination period.  For this purpose, for
                  determination periods beginning before the first day of
                  the first Plan Year beginning on or after January 1,
                  1994, the OBRA '93 annual Compensation limit is
                  $150,000. 

          1.15    CONSIDERED NET PROFITS. The term Considered Net Profits
                  means the entire amount of the accumulated or current
                  operating profits (excluding capital gains from the
                  sale or involuntary conversion of capital or business
                  assets) of the Employer after all expenses and charges
                  other than (i) the contributions made by the Employer
                  to the Plan, and (ii) federal or state or local taxes
                  based upon or measured by income, as determined by the
                  Employer, either on an estimated basis or a final
                  basis, in accordance with the generally accepted
                  accounting principles used by the Employer. When the
                  amount of Considered Net Profits has been determined by
                  the Employer, and the contributions are made by the
                  Employer on the basis of such determination, for any
                  Plan Year, such determination and contribution shall be
                  final and conclusive and shall not be subject to change
                  because of any adjustments in income or expense which
                  may be required by the Internal Revenue Service or
                  otherwise. Such determination and contribution shall
                  not be open to question by any Participant either

                                        -9-
                                    Page 91 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  before or after the contributions by the Employer have
                  been made. 

          1.16    CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGE AMOUNTS.  The term Contribution
                  Percentage Amounts means the sum of the Matching
                  Contributions and Qualified Matching Contributions (to
                  the extent not taken into account for purposes of the
                  Actual Deferral Percentage Test) made under the Plan on
                  behalf of the Employee for the Plan Year.  The term
                  Contribution Percentage Amounts also includes Qualified
                  Nonelective Contributions and Elective Deferral
                  Contributions treated as Matching Contributions and
                  taken into account in determining the Employee's Actual
                  Contribution Ratio for the Plan Year. 

          1.17    CONTRIBUTION PERIOD. The term Contribution Period means
                  that regular period specified by the Employer in
                  Article IV for which contributions shall be made. 

          1.18    DEFERRAL PERCENTAGE AMOUNTS.  The term Deferral
                  Percentage Amounts means an Employee's Elective
                  Deferral Contributions for the Plan Year.  The term
                  Deferral Percentage Amounts also includes Qualified
                  Nonelective Contributions and Qualified Matching
                  Contributions treated as Elective Deferral
                  Contributions and taken into account in determining the
                  Employee's Actual Deferral Ratio for the Plan Year. 

          1.19    DISABILITY. The term Disability means a Participant's
                  incapacity to engage in any substantial gainful
                  activity because of a medically determinable physical
                  or mental impairment which can be expected to result in
                  death, or to be of long, continued and indefinite
                  duration. Such determination of Disability shall be
                  made by the Administrator with the advice of competent
                  medical authority.  All Participants in similar
                  circumstances will be treated alike. 

          1.20    DISABILITY RETIREMENT DATE. The term Disability
                  Retirement Date means the first day of the month after
                  the Plan Administrator has determined that a
                  Participant's incapacity is a Disability. 

          1.21    EARLY RETIREMENT DATE. The term Early Retirement Date
                  means the first day of the month coinciding with or
                  next following the date a Participant is separated from
                  Service with the Employer on or after the date he
                  attains age 55 and has 5 Years of Service for any
                  reason other than death or Disability, provided that on
                  such date the Participant has not attained his Normal
                  Retirement Age. 

                                        -10-
                                    Page 92 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          1.22    EFFECTIVE DATE. The term Effective Date means January
                  1, 1989.

          1.23    ELECTIVE DEFERRAL CONTRIBUTION.  The term Elective
                  Deferral Contribution means any Employer Contribution
                  made to the Plan at the election of the Participant, in
                  lieu of cash compensation, and includes contributions
                  made pursuant to a Salary Deferral Agreement or other
                  deferral mechanism. 

             Solely for purposes of the dollar limitation specified in
             section 402(g) of the Code, with respect to any taxable
             year, a Participant's Elective Deferral Contributions are
             the sum of all employer contributions made on behalf of such
             Participant pursuant to an election to defer under any
             qualified cash or deferred arrangement as described in
             section 401(k) of the Code, any simplified employee pension
             cash or deferred arrangement described in section
             402(h)(1)(B) of the Code, any plan as described under
             section 501(c)(18) of the Code, and any employer
             contributions made on behalf of a Participant for the
             purchase of a tax sheltered annuity contract under section
             403(b) of the Code pursuant to a salary reduction agreement.


             The term Elective Deferral Contribution shall not include
             any deferrals properly distributed as excess annual
             additions. 

          1.24    EMPLOYEE.  The term Employee means an individual who
                  performs services for the Employer and who is either a
                  common law employee of the Employer or a self-employed
                  individual/owner employee treated as an Employee
                  pursuant to Code section 401(c)(1).  The term Employee
                  also includes a Leased Employee who is treated as an
                  Employee of the Employer-recipient pursuant to the
                  provisions of Code section 414(n) or 414(o).  For
                  purposes of determining the Highly Compensated
                  Employees, the Employer may elect, on a reasonable and
                  consistent basis, to treat such Leased Employees
                  covered by a plan described in Code section 414(n)(5)
                  as Employees. 

          1.25    EMPLOYEE CONTRIBUTIONS.  The term Employee
                  Contributions means any contributions to the Plan or
                  any other plan that are designated or treated at the
                  time of contribution as after-tax Employee
                  Contributions and are allocated to a separate account
                  to which the attributable earnings and losses are
                  allocated.  Such term includes Employee Contributions
                  applied to the purchase of life insurance policies.


                                        -11-
                                    Page 93 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             Such term does not include repayment of loans or buy-back of
             benefits described in code section (411)(a)(7)(c) or
             employee contributions transferred to this Plan. 

          1.26    EMPLOYER.  The term Employer means Western Waste
                  Industries and any successor organization to such
                  Employer which elects to continue the Plan.  In the
                  case of a group of employers which constitutes a
                  controlled group of corporations (as defined in Code
                  section 414(b)), or which constitutes trades or
                  businesses (whether or not incorporated) which are
                  under common control (as defined in Code section
                  414(c)), or which constitutes an affiliated service
                  group (as defined in Code section 414(m)), all such
                  employers shall be considered a single employer for
                  purposes of participation, vesting, Top-Heavy
                  provisions and determination of Highly Compensated
                  Employees. 

          1.27    EMPLOYER CONTRIBUTION.  The term Employer Contribution
                  means any contribution made to the Plan by the Employer
                  on behalf of a Participant, other than a Rollover
                  Contribution or a mandatory or voluntary contribution
                  made to the Plan by the Employee that is treated at the
                  time of contribution as an after-tax employee
                  contribution. 

          1.28    ENTRY DATE.  The term Entry Date means either the
                  Effective Date or the January 31, April 30, July 31, or
                  October 31 thereafter when an Employee who has
                  fulfilled the eligibility requirements commences
                  participation in the Plan. 

             Any Employee who has satisfied the maximum eligibility
             requirements permissible under ERISA, shall be eligible to
             commence participation in this Plan no later than the
             earlier of (A) or (B) below, as applicable, provided that
             the Employee has not separated from the Service of the
             Employer:

             (A)  The first day of the first Plan Year beginning after
                  the date on which the Employee satisfied such
                  requirements; or

             (B)  The date six months after the date on which the
                  Employee satisfied such requirements.

             If an Employee is not in the active Service of the Employer
             as of his initial Entry Date, his subsequent Entry Date
             shall be the date he returns to the active Service of the
             Employer, provided he still meets the eligibility
             requirements.  If an Employee does not enroll as a
             Participant as of his initial Entry Date, his subsequent

                                        -12-
                                    Page 94 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             Entry Date shall be the applicable Entry Date as specified
             above when the Employee actually enrolls as a Participant. 

          1.29    ERISA. The term ERISA means the Employee Retirement
                  Income Security Act of 1974 (PL 93-406) as it may be
                  amended from time to time, and any regulations issued
                  pursuant thereto as such Act and such regulations
                  affect this Plan and Trust. 

          1.30    EXCESS AGGREGATE CONTRIBUTIONS. 

             (A)  The term Excess Aggregate Contributions means, with
                  respect to any Plan Year, the excess of the aggregate
                  amount of the Contribution Percentage Amounts actually
                  made on behalf of Highly Compensated Employees for the
                  Plan Year (including any amounts required to be taken
                  into account under subparagraphs (B) (1) and (B) (2) of
                  Section 1.5 of the Plan), over the maximum amount of
                  contributions permitted under the Actual Contribution
                  Percentage Test.  The amount of Excess Aggregate
                  Contributions for each Highly Compensated Employee is
                  determined by using the method described in paragraph
                  (B) of this section. 

             (B)  The amount of Excess Aggregate Contributions for a
                  Highly Compensated Employee for a Plan Year is the
                  amount (if any) by which the Employee's Matching
                  Contributions must be reduced for the Employee's Actual
                  Contribution Ratio to equal the highest permitted
                  Actual Contribution Ratio under the Plan. 

                  To calculate the highest permitted Actual Contribution
                  Ratio under the Plan, the Actual Contribution Ratio of
                  the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest Actual
                  Contribution Ratio is reduced by the amount required to
                  cause the Employee's Actual Contribution Ratio to equal
                  the ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the
                  next highest Actual Contribution Ratio.  If a lesser
                  reduction would enable the Plan to satisfy the Actual
                  Contribution Percentage Test, only this lesser
                  reduction may be made.  This process shall be repeated
                  until the Plan satisfies the Actual Contribution
                  Percentage Test.  The highest Actual Contribution
                  Percentage Ratio remaining under the Plan after
                  leveling is the highest permitted Actual Contribution
                  Ratio. 

                  For each Highly Compensated Employee, the amount of
                  Excess Aggregate Contributions for a Plan Year is equal
                  to the total Contribution Percentage Amounts (including
                  any amounts required to be taken into account under
                  subparagraphs (B) (1) and (B) (2) of Section 1.5 of the
                  Plan), minus the amount determined by multiplying the

                                        -13-
                                    Page 95 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  Employees's highest permitted Actual Contribution Ratio
                  (determined after application of this section) by the
                  compensation used in determining the ratio. 

          1.31    EXCESS CONTRIBUTION. 

             (A)  The term Excess Contribution means, with respect to a
                  Plan Year, the excess of Deferral Percentage Amounts
                  made on behalf of eligible Highly Compensated Employees
                  for the Plan Year (including any amounts required to be
                  taken into account under subparagraphs (B) (1) and (B)
                  (2) of Section 1.8 of the Plan) over the maximum amount
                  of such contributions permitted under the Actual
                  Deferral Percentage Test for the Plan Year.  The amount
                  of Excess Contributions for each Highly Compensated
                  Employee is determined by using the method described in
                  paragraph (B) of this section. 

             (B)  The amount of Excess Contributions for a Highly
                  Compensated Employee for a Plan Year is the amount (if
                  any) by which the Employee's Elective Deferral
                  Contributions must be reduced for the Employee's Actual
                  Deferral Ratio to equal the highest permitted Actual
                  Deferral Ratio under the Plan. 

                  To calculate the highest permitted Actual Deferral
                  Ratio under the Plan, the Actual Deferral Ratio of the
                  Highly Compensated Employee with the highest Actual
                  Deferral Ratio is reduced by the amount required to
                  cause the Employee's Actual Deferral Ratio to equal the
                  ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the next
                  highest Actual Deferral Ratio.  If a lesser reduction
                  would enable the arrangement to satisfy the Actual
                  Deferral Percentage Test, only this lesser reduction
                  shall be made.  This process shall be repeated until
                  the cash or deferred arrangement satisfies the Actual
                  Deferral Percentage Test.  The highest Actual Deferral
                  Ratio remaining under the Plan after leveling is the
                  highest permitted Actual Deferral Ratio. 

          1.32    EXCESS DEFERRALS.  The term Excess Deferrals means
                  those Elective Deferral Contributions that are
                  includible in a Participant's gross income under
                  section 402(g) of the Code to the extent such
                  Participant's Elective Deferral Contributions for a
                  taxable year exceed the dollar limitation under such
                  Code section. 

          1.33    FAIL-SAFE CONTRIBUTION. The term Fail-Safe Contribution
                  means a Nonelective Contribution, designated by the
                  Employer at the time of contribution as a Qualified
                  Nonelective Contribution, which is contributed to the
                  Plan solely for the purposes of satisfying either the

                                        -14-
                                    Page 96 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  Actual Deferral Percentage Test or the Actual
                  Contribution Percentage Test and is made in accordance
                  with the provisions of Article IV of this Plan. 

          1.34    FAMILY MEMBER.  The term Family Member means, with
                  respect to any Employee, such Employee's Spouse and
                  lineal ascendants and descendants and the spouses of
                  such lineal ascendants and descendants. 

          1.35    FIDUCIARY.  The term Fiduciary means any, or all, of
                  the following, as applicable:

             (A)  Any Person who exercises any discretionary authority or
                  control respecting the management of the Plan or its
                  assets; or

             (B)  Any Person who renders investment advice for a fee or
                  other compensation, direct or indirect, respecting any
                  monies or other property of the Plan or has authority
                  or responsibility to do so; or

             (C)  Any Person who has discretionary authority or
                  responsibility in the administration of the Plan; or

             (D)  Any Person who has been designated by a Named Fiduciary
                  pursuant to authority granted by the Plan, who acts to
                  carry out a fiduciary responsibility, subject to any
                  exceptions granted directly or indirectly by ERISA. 

          1.36    FORFEITURE. The term Forfeiture means the amount, if
                  any, by which the value of a Participant's Account
                  exceeds his Vested Interest following such
                  Participant's Termination of Employment, and at the
                  time specified in Section 9.1. 

          1.37    HIGHLY COMPENSATED EMPLOYEE. The term Highly
                  Compensated Employee means any Highly Compensated
                  Active Employee or Highly Compensated Former Employee
                  as further defined herein. 

             For purposes of the determination of Highly Compensated
             Employees, the term Compensation means Compensation as
             defined in Article V of the Plan, but includes the amount of
             any elective contributions made by the Employer on the
             Employee's behalf to a cafeteria plan established in
             accordance with the provisions of Code section 125, a
             qualified cash or deferred arrangement in accordance with
             the provisions of Code section 402(e)(3), a simplified
             employee pension plan in accordance with the provisions of
             Code section 402(h), or a tax sheltered annuity plan
             maintained in accordance with the provisions of Code section
             403(b). 


                                        -15-
                                    Page 97 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             A "Highly Compensated Active Employee" is any Employee who
             performs services for the Employer during the current Plan
             Year and who, during the current Plan Year or the 12-month
             period immediately preceding such Plan Year:

             (A)  Owns (or is considered to own within the meaning of
                  section 318 of the Code, as modified by section
                  416(i)(1)(B)(iii) of the Code), more than 5% of the
                  outstanding stock of the Employer or stock possessing
                  more than 5% of the total combined voting power of all
                  stock of the Employer, or, if the Employer is other
                  than a corporation, owns more than 5% of the capital or
                  profits interest in the Employer.  The determination of
                  5% ownership shall be made separately for each member
                  of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in
                  Code section 414(b)), or of a group of trades or
                  businesses (whether or not incorporated) that are under
                  common control (as defined in Code section 414(c)), or
                  of an affiliated service group (as defined in Code
                  section 414(m)); or

             (B)  Receives Compensation in excess of $75,000 multiplied
                  by the applicable cost-of-living adjustment factor
                  prescribed under Code section 415(d) and then prorated
                  in the case of a short Plan Year; or

             (C)  Receives Compensation in excess of $50,000, as adjusted
                  for cost-of-living increases in accordance with Code
                  section 415(d) and then prorated in the case of a short
                  Plan Year, and is in the top 20% of Employees ranked by
                  Compensation; or

             (D)  Is, at any time, an officer of the Employer and
                  receives Compensation in excess of 50% of the amount in
                  effect under Code section 415(b)(1)(A) for the
                  applicable period. 

                  If no officer receives Compensation in excess of the
                  amount specified above, the highest paid officer for
                  the applicable period shall be a Highly Compensated
                  Employee. 

                  In no event if there are more than 500 Employees, shall
                  more than 50 Employees or, if there are less than 500
                  Employees, shall the greater of three Employees or 10%
                  of all Employees, be taken into account as officers. 

             In determining both the top 20% of Employees ranked by
             Compensation for purposes of paragraph (C) above, and
             officers of the Employer for purposes of paragraph (D)
             above, Employees who have not completed six months of
             Service by the end of the applicable period, Employees who
             normally work less than 17-1/2 hours per week, Employees who

                                        -16-
                                Page 98 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             normally work less than six months during a year, Employees
             who have not attained 21, and nonresident aliens who receive
             no earned income from U.S. sources shall be excluded. 

             Also excluded under the above paragraph are Employees who
             are covered by an agreement which the Secretary of Labor
             finds to be a collective bargaining agreement.  Such
             Employees will be excluded only if retirement benefits were
             the subject of good faith bargaining, 90% of the Employees
             of the Employer are covered by the agreement, and the Plan
             covers only Employees who are not covered by the agreement. 

             Notwithstanding the above provisions, an Employee, other
             than a 5% owner as described in paragraph (A) above who was
             not highly compensated during the 12-month period
             immediately preceding the current Plan Year will not be
             considered to be a Highly Compensated Employee in the
             current Plan Year unless such Employee is one of the top 100
             Employees ranked by Compensation for the current Plan Year. 

             A "Highly Compensated Former Employee" is any former
             Employee who separated from Service with the Employer in a
             Plan Year preceding the current Plan Year and was a Highly
             Compensated Active Employee in either:

             (A)  the Plan Year in which his separation from Service
                  occurred; or

             (B)  any Plan Year ending on or after such former Employee's
                  55th birthday.

             A former Employee is an Employee who performs no services
             for the Employer during a Plan Year (for example, by reason
             of a leave of absence). 

          1.38    INACTIVE PARTICIPANT. The term Inactive Participant
                  means any Participant who does not currently meet the
                  requirements to be an Active Participant due to a
                  suspension of the performance of duties for the
                  Employer. 

             In addition, a Participant who ceases to meet the
             eligibility requirements in accordance with Section 3.1
             shall be considered an Inactive Participant. 

          1.39    INSTALLMENT REFUND ANNUITY.  The term Installment
                  Refund Annuity means an annuity which provides fixed
                  monthly payments for a period certain of not less than
                  three nor more than 15 years.  If the Participant dies
                  before the period certain expires, the annuity will be
                  paid to the Participant's Beneficiary for the remainder
                  of the period certain.  The period certain shall be
                  chosen by the Participant at the time the annuity is

                                        -17-
                                    Page 99 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  purchased, and the Installment Refund Annuity will be
                  the amount of benefit which can be purchased with the
                  Participant's Vested Interest.  The Installment Refund
                  Annuity is not a life annuity and in no event shall the
                  period certain extend to a period which equals or
                  exceeds the life expectancy of the Participant. 

          1.40    JOINT AND SURVIVOR ANNUITY.  The term Joint and
                  Survivor Annuity means an Annuity for the life of the
                  Participant with a survivor Annuity for the life of the
                  Participant's Spouse which is not less than one-half,
                  nor greater than, the amount of the Annuity payable
                  during the joint lives of the Participant and the
                  Participant's Spouse.  The Joint and Survivor Annuity
                  will be the amount of benefit which can be purchased
                  with the Participant's vested account balance.  In the
                  case of an unmarried Participant, Joint and Survivor
                  Annuity means an Annuity payable over the Participant's
                  life. 

          1.41    LATE RETIREMENT DATE. The term Late Retirement Date
                  means the first day of the month coinciding with or
                  next following the date a Participant is separated from
                  Service with the Employer after his Normal Retirement
                  Age, for any reason other than death. 

          1.42    LEASED EMPLOYEE.  The term Leased Employee means any
                  person (other than an Employee of the recipient) who,
                  pursuant to an agreement between the recipient and any
                  other person ("leasing organization"), has performed
                  services for the recipient (or for the Employer and
                  related persons determined in accordance with Code
                  section 414(n)(6)) on a substantially full-time basis
                  for a period of at least one year, and such services
                  are of a type historically performed by employees in
                  the business field of the recipient Employer. 

          1.43    MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS.  The term Matching
                  Contributions means contributions made by the Employer
                  to the Plan on behalf of a Participant on account of
                  either Elective Deferral Contributions, if any,
                  Employee Contributions, if any, or required
                  contributions, if any. 

          1.44    NAMED FIDUCIARY. The term Named Fiduciary means the
                  Plan Administrator, the Trustee and any other Fiduciary
                  designated in writing by the Employer, and any
                  successor thereto. 

          1.45    NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS. The term Nonelective
                  Contributions means contributions made by the Employer
                  (other than Matching Contributions) that the

                                        -18-
                                   Page 100 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  Participant may not elect to have paid in cash or other
                  benefits instead of being contributed to the Plan. 

          1.46    NONHIGHLY COMPENSATED EMPLOYEE.  The term Nonhighly
                  Compensated Employee means an Employee who is not a
                  Highly Compensated Employee. 

          1.47    NORMAL RETIREMENT AGE. The term Normal Retirement Age
                  means the date the Participant attains age 65. 

          1.48    NORMAL RETIREMENT DATE. The term Normal Retirement Date
                  means the first day of the month coinciding with or
                  next following the date a Participant attains his
                  Normal Retirement Age. 

          1.49    PARTICIPANT. The term Participant means any Employee of
                  the Employer, who is or becomes eligible to participate
                  under this Plan in accordance with its provisions and
                  shall include an Active Participant and an Inactive
                  Participant. 

          1.50    PARTICIPANT'S ACCOUNT. The term Participant's Account
                  means the sum of the following sub-accounts held on
                  behalf of each Participant:

                  Elective Deferral Contributions, if any, and earnings
                  thereon. 

                  Matching Contributions, if any, and earnings thereon.

                  Qualified Matching Contributions, if any, and earnings
                  thereon.

                  Nonelective Contributions, if any, and earnings
                  thereon.

                  Qualified Nonelective Contributions, if any, and
                  earnings thereon.

                  Rollover Contributions, if any, and earnings thereon.

             A Participant's Account shall be invested in accordance with
             the rules established by the Plan Administrator, which shall
             be applied in a consistent and nondiscriminatory manner. 

          1.51    PARTICIPANT'S EMPLOYER STOCK ACCOUNT.  The term
                  Participant's Employer Stock Account means that
                  portion, if any, of the Participant's Account which is
                  invested in shares of the Employer's stock.  Such
                  Participant's Employer Stock Account shall be credited
                  with dividends paid, if any.  Such Participant's
                  Employer Stock Account will be valued on the last day
                  of each month that the public exchange over which the

                                        -19-
                                   Page 101 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  Employer's stock is traded is open for unrestricted
                  trading. 

             Amounts which are to be invested in the Participant's
             Employer Stock Account may be invested in any short-term
             account prior to actual investment in the Participant's
             Employer Stock Account. 

             The Trustee will vote the shares of the Employer's stock
             invested in the Participant's Employer Stock Account. The
             Trustee may request voting instructions from the
             Participants, provided this is done in a consistent and
             nondiscriminatory manner. 

          1.52    PERSON. The term Person means any natural person,
                  partnership, corporation, trust or estate.

          1.53    PLAN.  The term Plan means Western Waste Industries
                  401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, the terms of which
                  are set forth herein as it may be amended from time to
                  time. 

          1.54    PLAN ADMINISTRATOR.  The terms Plan Administrator and
                  Administrator are used interchangeably throughout the
                  Plan and Trust and shall mean the Employer. 

          1.55    PLAN YEAR.  The term Plan Year means the 12-month
                  period commencing on January 1 and ending on the
                  following December 31. 

          1.56    QUALIFIED MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS.  The term Qualified
                  Matching Contributions shall mean Matching
                  Contributions which are subject to the distribution and
                  nonforfeitability requirements under section 401(k) of
                  the Code when made. 

          1.57    QUALIFIED NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS.  The term
                  Qualified Nonelective Contributions shall mean
                  Nonelective Contributions which are subject to the
                  distribution and nonforfeitability requirements under
                  section 401(k) of the Code when made. 

          1.58    ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTION.  The term Rollover Contribution
                  means an amount representing all or part of a
                  distribution from a pension or profit-sharing plan
                  meeting the requirements of Code section 401(a) that is
                  eligible for rollover to this Plan in accordance with
                  the requirements set forth in Code section 402 or Code
                  section 408(d)(3), whichever is applicable. 

          1.59    SALARY DEFERRAL AGREEMENT. The term Salary Deferral
                  Agreement means an agreement between a Participant and
                  the Employer to defer the Participant's Compensation

                                        -20-
                                   Page 102 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  for the purpose of making Elective Deferral
                  Contributions to the Plan. 

          1.60    TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. The term Termination of
                  Employment means a severance of the Employer-Employee
                  relationship which occurs prior to a Participant's
                  Normal Retirement Age for any reason other than Early
                  Retirement, Disability or death. 

          1.61    TRUST. The term Trust means the trust agreement entered
                  into by the Employer, the Administrator and the
                  Trustee, which trust agreement forms a part of, and
                  implements the provisions of this Plan. 

          1.62    TRUSTEE. The term Trustee means one or more individuals
                  collectively appointed and acting under the trust
                  agreement, and any successor thereto. 

          1.63    VESTED INTEREST. The term Vested Interest on any date
                  means the nonforfeitable right to an immediate or
                  deferred benefit in the amount which is equal to the
                  following:

             (A)  the value on that date of that portion of the
                  Participant's Account that is attributable to the
                  following contributions:

                       Elective Deferral Contributions, if any

                       Rollover Contributions, if any

                       Qualified Matching Contributions, if any

                       Qualified Nonelective Contributions, if any

             (B)  plus the value on that date of that portion of the
                  Participant's Account that is attributable to and
                  derived from:

                       Matching Contributions, if any

                       Nonelective Contributions, if any

                  Such contributions pursuant to Subsection (B), plus the
                  earnings thereon, shall be, at any relevant time, a
                  part of the Participant's Vested Interest equal to an
                  amount ("X") determined by the following formula:

                       X = P(AB + D) - D


                                        -21-
                                   Page 103 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  For the purposes of applying this formula:

                  P    =    The Participant's Vesting Percentage
                            at the relevant time. 
                  AB   =    The account balance attributable
                            to such contributions, plus
                            the earnings thereon, at the
                            relevant time. 
                  D    =    The amount of the distribution. 

          1.64    VESTING PERCENTAGE. The term Vesting Percentage means
                  the percentage used to determine a Participant's Vested
                  Interest in contributions made by the Employer, plus
                  the earnings thereon, credited to his Participant's
                  Account that are not 100% immediately vested.  The
                  Vesting Percentage for each Participant shall be
                  determined in accordance with the following schedule
                  based on Years of Service with the Employer:

                    Months of Service       Vesting Percentage

                           up to 12 mo.                20%
                           13 mo. - 24 mo.             40%
                           25 mo. - 36 mo.             60%
                           37 mo. - 48 mo.             80%
                           49 mo. - 60 mo.            100%

          However, if an Active Participant dies prior to attaining his
          Normal Retirement Age, his Vesting Percentage shall be 100%.





















                                        -22-

                                   Page 104 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE II
                                      SERVICE
                                     ----------


          2.1     SERVICE.  The term Service means active employment with
                  the  Employer  as   an  Employee.    For   purposes  of
                  determining Service, employment with any company  which
                  is under common control with  the Employer as specified
                  in section 414  of the Internal  Revenue Code shall  be
                  treated as employment with the Employer.

          2.2     ABSENCE  FROM EMPLOYMENT.   Absence from  employment on
                  account  of  a  leave  of  absence  authorized  by  the
                  Employer pursuant  to the Employer's  established leave
                  policy will be counted as  employment with the Employer
                  provided that such leave of absence is of not more than
                  two  years'  duration.    Absence  from  employment  on
                  account of  active duty  with the  Armed Forces of  the
                  United States will  be counted  as employment with  the
                  Employer.   If the  Employee does not  return to active
                  employment  with the  Employer,  his  Service  will  be
                  deemed to  have ceased  on the  date the  Administrator
                  receives notice that  such Employee will not  return to
                  the active  Service of  the Employer.   The  Employer's
                  leave  policy  shall  be  applied   in  a  uniform  and
                  nondiscriminatory  manner  to  all  Participants  under
                  similar circumstances.

          2.3     HOUR OF  SERVICE.   The term  Hour of  Service means  a
                  period of  Service during  which an  Employee shall  be
                  credited with  one Hour of Service as described in (A),
                  (B), (C), and (D) below:

             (A)  Each  hour  for  which  an   Employee  is  directly  or
                  indirectly  paid,   or  entitled  to  payment,  by  the
                  Employer for the  performance of  duties.  These  hours
                  shall be credited  to the Employee for  the computation
                  period or periods  in which  the duties are  performed;
                  and

             (B)  Each  hour  for  which  an   Employee  is  directly  or
                  indirectly  paid,   or  entitled  to  payment,  by  the
                  Employer for  reasons  (such as  vacation, sickness  or
                  Disability) other  than for the performance  of duties.
                  Hours  under this  Subsection  shall be  calculated and
                  credited  pursuant   to  section  2530.200b-2   of  the
                  Department of Labor  Regulations which are incorporated
                  herein by this reference; and

             (C)  Each   hour  for  which   back  pay,   irrespective  of
                  mitigation  of  damages,  has been  either  awarded  or
                  agreed  to  by  the  Employer.  These  hours  shall  be

                                        -23-
                                   Page 105 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  credited to the Employee for  the computation period or
                  periods to which the award or agreement pertains rather
                  than  the  computation  period   in  which  the  award,
                  agreement or payment is made; and

             (D)  Each hour  for which  an Employee  is on  an authorized
                  unpaid leave (such  as service  with the Armed  Forces,
                  jury duty, educational  leave).   These hours shall  be
                  credited to the Employee for  the computation period or
                  periods  in which  such authorized  leave takes  place.
                  However, no more than 501 hours shall be credited under
                  this subparagraph (D). 

             Hours of  Service will be credited for employment with other
             members  of an  affiliated  service  group  (under  Internal
             Revenue   Code  section  414(m)),   a  controlled  group  of
             corporations (under  Internal Revenue Code  section 414(b)),
             or  a group  of trades  or  businesses under  common control
             (under Internal Revenue  Code section 414(c)), of  which the
             adopting employer is a  member.  Hours of Service  will also
             be credited for any individual  considered an Employee under
             Internal Revenue Code section 414(n).

             Solely for purposes of determining  whether a One-Year Break
             in Service, as defined in Section 2.4, for participation and
             vesting purposes has  occurred in  a computation period,  an
             individual  who  is  absent  from   work  for  maternity  or
             paternity  reasons  shall receive  credit  for the  Hours of
             Service which  would otherwise  have been  credited to  such
             individual but for  such absence,  or in any  case in  which
             such hours cannot be determined, eight Hours of Service  per
             day of such  absence.   For purposes of  this paragraph,  an
             absence from work  for maternity or paternity  reasons means
             an absence (1) by reason of the pregnancy of the individual,
             (2) by reason of a birth  of a child of the individual,  (3)
             by reason of the placement of a child with the individual in
             connection  with  the   adoption  of  such  child   by  such
             individual, or (4) for purposes of caring for such child for
             a  period  beginning  immediately  following  such  birth or
             placement.    The  Hours  of  Service  credited  under  this
             paragraph shall be credited (1) in the computation period in
             which the  absence begins if  the crediting is  necessary to
             prevent a  Break in  Service in that  period, or (2)  in all
             other cases, in the following computation period.

          2.4     ONE-YEAR BREAK IN  SERVICE.   Except as provided  below
                  regarding  eligibility,  the  term  One-Year  Break  in
                  Service means any  Plan Year  during which an  Employee
                  fails to complete more than 500 Hours of Service.

          2.5     DETERMINING VESTING PERCENTAGE. Vesting credit shall be
                  given for  each Year  of Service  except those  periods
                  specified in Section 2.7.

                                        -24-
                                   Page 106 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             If a Participant completes less  than 1,000 Hours of Service
             during a Plan  Year while  remaining in the  Service of  the
             Employer, his Vesting Percentage shall  not be increased for
             such  Plan Year.  However, at  such time as  the Participant
             again  completes at  least  1,000 Hours  of  Service in  any
             subsequent Plan Year, his Vesting Percentage shall then take
             into account all Year(s) of Service with the Employer except
             those specified in Section 2.7.

             If  an  individual  who ceases  to  be  an  Employee and  is
             subsequently rehired as an  Employee enrolls (or re-enrolls)
             in   the  Plan,   upon  his  participation   (or  subsequent
             participation) his Vesting  Percentage shall then take  into
             account all  Year(s) of  Service except  those specified  in
             Section 2.7.

          2.6     YEAR(S)  OF SERVICE.  The term Year(s) of Service means
                  a 12-consecutive-month period during  which an Employee
                  has completed at least 1,000 Hours of Service.

             (A)  Eligibility Computation Period.

                  For purposes of determining Years of Service and Breaks
                  in       Service       for       eligibility,       the
                  twelve-consecutive-month  period  shall begin  with the
                  date on which  an Employee's employment  commenced and,
                  where additional periods  are necessary, on  succeeding
                  anniversaries of his employment commencement date.  The
                  employment commencement date  is the date on  which the
                  Employee  first  performs an  Hour  of Service  for the
                  Employer maintaining the Plan. 

                  The eligibility requirement specified in Article III is
                  one or  more full Years  of Service.   Such requirement
                  shall be met upon completion of at least 1,000 Hours of
                  Service for each Year of Service specified. 

             (B)  Vesting Computation Period. 

                  In computing Years of Service and Breaks in Service for
                  vesting, the  12-consecutive-month period shall  be the
                  Plan Year.   However,  active participation  as of  the
                  last day of the Plan Year  is not required in order for
                  a Participant to be credited with a Year of Service for
                  vesting purposes. 

                  For purposes of the Vesting  Computation Period, if any
                  Plan Year is less than 12-consecutive months, and if  a
                  Participant would  have been  credited with  a Year  of
                  Service   during   the    12-consecutive-month   period
                  beginning on the first day of the short Plan Year, then
                  the Participant will receive a Year of Service  for the

                                        -25-
                                   Page 107 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  short Plan Year.   The Participant receives  credit for
                  an additional Year of Service  if the Participant would
                  have been credited with a Year  of Service for the Plan
                  Year immediately following the short Plan Year. 

             (C)  Contribution Computation Period. 

                  For purposes of determining a Participant's eligibility
                  to  receive  a  contribution  made  by   the  Employer,
                  pursuant to  Article IV,  which is  conditioned upon  a
                  Year       of       Service       requirement,      the
                  twelve-consecutive-month period shall  be any Plan Year
                  during which the Active Participant is credited with at
                  least  1,000  Hours  of  Service.    However,  when  an
                  Employee first  becomes a Participant or resumes active
                  participation in the Plan following a One-Year Break in
                  Service on a date other than  the first day of the Plan
                  Year, all Hours of Service  credited to the Participant
                  during that  Plan Year, including those  hours credited
                  prior to the date the  Employee enrolls (or re-enrolls)
                  as an Active Participant in the Plan, shall be counted.


                  For purposes of the Contribution Computation Period, if
                  any Plan Year is  less than 12 consecutive  months, the
                  number of Hours of Service required to accrue a Year of
                  Service, in such  short Plan Year, shall bear  the same
                  ratio to 1000  as the number of days in  the short Plan
                  Year bears to 365. 

          2.7     EXCLUDED YEARS OF SERVICE.   In determining the Vesting
                  Percentage of an  Employee, all  Years of Service  with
                  the Employer shall be taken into account except:

                  Plan Years during which a  Participant did not complete
                  at least 1,000 Hours of Service.

          2.8     PREDECESSOR ORGANIZATION SERVICE. For purposes of  this
                  Article, Service with a predecessor organization of the
                  Employer shall be treated as  Service with the Employer
                  in any case in which the Employer maintains the Plan of
                  such predecessor organization. 









                                        -26-

                                   Page 108 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE III
                     ELIGIBILITY, ENROLLMENT AND PARTICIPATION
                     -----------------------------------------


          3.1     ELIGIBILITY.  Each Employee who was a Participant prior
                  to the Effective Date and who is in  the Service of the
                  Employer  on  the Effective  Date  shall continue  as a
                  Participant   in  the  Plan.     Each  other  Employee,
                  including  a  Leased  Employee, shall  be  eligible  to
                  become a Participant as of the Entry Date when he first
                  meets the following requirement(s):

                  90 days of employement with the Employer

                  Age 21

                  Not  in a  unit of  Employees  covered by  an agreement
                  which  the Secretary of Labor  finds to be a collective
                  bargaining agreement  between Employee  representatives
                  and the Employer, if there  is evidence that retirement
                  benefits  were  the  subject of  good  faith bargaining
                  between such Employee representatives and the Employer,
                  unless the collective bargaining agreement provides for
                  coverage under this Plan. 

          3.2     ENROLLMENT  AND  PARTICIPATION. Each  eligible Employee
                  may  enroll  as of  his  Entry Date  by  completing and
                  delivering to the Administrator an enrollment form and,
                  if applicable,  a  Salary Deferral  Agreement. He  will
                  then become a Participant as of his Entry Date. 

          3.3     RE-EMPLOYED EMPLOYEE.  In the case of an individual who
                  ceases to be an Employee and is subsequently rehired as
                  an Employee, the  following provisions  shall apply  in
                  determining his eligibility to again participate in the
                  Plan:

             (A)  If the Employee had met the eligibility  requirement(s)
                  specified in Section  3.1 prior to his  separation from
                  employment,  he shall  become an Active  Participant in
                  the  Plan  as of  the  date  he is  re-employed,  after
                  completing the applicable  form(s), in accordance  with
                  Section 3.2. 

             (B)  If   the  Employee   had   not  met   the   eligibility
                  requirement(s) specified  in Section  3.1 prior  to his
                  separation from  employment, he  shall  be eligible  to
                  participate  in  the  Plan  on  the  first  Entry  Date
                  following   his   fulfillment   of   such   eligibility
                  requirement(s). 


                                        -27-
                                   Page 109 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             For  purposes of this Subsection,  all Years of Service with
             the Employer,  including any Years  of Service prior  to any
             Breaks in Service, shall be taken into account. 

          3.4     ELIGIBLE  CLASS. In  the  event  a Participant  becomes
                  ineligible to  participate because  he is  no longer  a
                  member of an eligible class of Employees, such Employee
                  shall  participate immediately  upon his  return  to an
                  eligible class of Employees. 

             In the event an Employee who is not a member of the eligible
             class of Employees becomes a  member of the eligible  class,
             such Employee shall participate immediately if such Employee
             has satisfied the  minimum age and service  requirements and
             would have  previously become a  Participant had he  been in
             the eligible class. 

          3.5     WAIVER OF PARTICIPATION.  Notwithstanding any provision
                  of the Plan to the contrary, any Employee in accordance
                  with the  rules of  the Plan  may decline  to become  a
                  Participant or  cease to  be an  Active Participant  by
                  filing  a written  waiver  of  participation  with  the
                  Administrator in the manner he prescribes.  Such waiver
                  must  be  filed prior  to  the  date such  Employee  is
                  eligible to become a Participant, or  in the case of an
                  Active Participant, in the last month of the  Plan Year
                  immediately preceding the Plan Year for which he wishes
                  to cease being an Active Participant. 

             Any Employee  who files  such a  waiver shall  not become  a
             Participant, or  if an  Active Participant,  shall elect  to
             cease to be  such as of the first day of the succeeding Plan
             Year; and  such Employee  shall not  receive any  additional
             compensation  or  other  sums by  reason  of  his waiver  of
             participation. 

             Any such waiver may be rescinded by an Employee effective on
             the  first day of the first Plan  Year following one or more
             Plan  Years commencing after  the filing  of such  waiver in
             which he was  not an Active  Participant, in which event  he
             shall  become  a  Participant,  or  again become  an  Active
             Participant, as the case may be, effective as of such date. 












                                        -28-
                                   Page 110 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE IV
                                   CONTRIBUTIONS
                                   -------------


          4.1     ELECTIVE   DEFERRAL   CONTRIBUTIONS.      Each   Active
                  Participant may enter  into a  written Salary  Deferral
                  Agreement  with the Employer in an  amount equal to not
                  less than 1% nor more than  20% of his Compensation for
                  the  Contribution Period.    In  consideration of  such
                  agreement, the  Employer will make  a contribution  for
                  each Contribution  Period on behalf of  the Participant
                  in an amount  equal to  the total amount  by which  the
                  Participant's  Compensation  from   the  Employer   was
                  deferred during the Contribution Period pursuant to the
                  Salary Deferral  Agreement  then in  effect.   Elective
                  Deferral Contributions shall be paid by the Employer to
                  the Trust not  less frequently than monthly, but  in no
                  event later than 90 days following the date the amounts
                  were  deferred.    Notwithstanding  the  above   stated
                  percentages, an Active  Participant may,  at any  time,
                  elect  to  defer a  portion  of his  Compensation  in a
                  lump-sum amount not  to exceed  the limit specified  in
                  Section 4.1(b).

             Salary  Deferral   Agreements  shall  be  governed   by  the
             following provisions:

             (A)  Amounts  contributed  pursuant  to  a  Salary  Deferral
                  Agreement  shall be 100%  vested and non-forfeitable at
                  all times.

             (B)  No  Participant shall  be  permitted  to have  Elective
                  Deferral Contributions  made under  this  Plan, or  any
                  other qualified plan maintained by the Employer, during
                  any taxable year,  in excess  of the dollar  limitation
                  contained in section  402(g) of the  Code in effect  at
                  the beginning of the taxable year. 

             (C)  Amounts  contributed  pursuant  to  a  Salary  Deferral
                  Agreement,  which  are  not  in  excess  of  the  limit
                  described in Subsection (B) above,  shall be subject to
                  the  Limitations  on  Allocations  in  accordance  with
                  Article V.  Elective Deferral Contributions that are in
                  excess of the  limit described in Subsection  (B) shall
                  also be subject  to the  Limitations on Allocations  in
                  accordance with Article V. 

             (D)  A  Salary  Deferral  Agreement  may  be  changed  by  a
                  Participant four times during the Plan Year, on January
                  31,  April  30, July  31,  and  October 31,  by  filing
                  written notice  thereof with  the Administrator.   Such
                  notice  shall be  effective,  and the  Salary  Deferral

                                        -29-
                                   Page 111 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  Agreement shall  be changed  on the  date specified  in
                  such  notice or as  soon as  administratively possible,
                  which date must be  at least 15 days after  such notice
                  is filed. 

             (E)  Elective Deferral Contributions shall be subject to the
                  Actual Deferral Percentage Test limitations.

             (F)  Correction of Excess Contributions. 

                  (1)  If the Employer determines prior to the end of the
                       Plan Year that the Actual Deferral Percentage Test
                       may not be  satisfied, the  Employer may take  the
                       corrective action specified in Section 4.12 of the
                       Plan. 

                  (2)  If,  after the end of the  Plan Year, the Employer
                       determines  that the  Plan  will fail  the  Actual
                       Deferral Percentage Test, the  Employer shall take
                       the corrective action specified in Section 4.14 or
                       Section 4.17 of the Plan, or a combination of such
                       corrective actions,  in order  to ensure that  the
                       Plan does not fail the Actual  Deferral Percentage
                       Test for the Plan Year being tested. 

          4.2     MATCHING  CONTRIBUTIONS.  The  Employer  shall  make  a
                  Matching  Contribution out of Considered Net Profits in
                  an  amount  equal to  $.50 for  each  $1.00 by  which a
                  Participant  defers  his  Compensation  pursuant  to  a
                  Salary  Deferral Agreement up  to the  maximum deferral
                  permitted  by  law,  subject   to  the  Limitations  on
                  Allocations  specified  in  Article V.    If  there are
                  insufficient Considered Net Profits of the Employer for
                  such  Matching   Contribution,  the   amount  of   such
                  contribution will be diminished to  the amount that can
                  be  made from  the Employer's  Considered  Net Profits.
                  The Matching Contribution  shall be  paid to the  Trust
                  not   less   frequently   than   monthly.      Matching
                  Contributions   shall   be   subject  to   the   Actual
                  Contribution  Percentage  Test.     The  Employer   may
                  designate  at the  time of  contribution that all  or a
                  portion of such  Matching Contributions  be treated  as
                  Qualified Matching Contributions. 

             If the Employer determines prior to the end of the Plan Year
             that  the  Actual Contribution  Percentage  Test may  not be
             satisfied,  the  Employer  may take  the  corrective  action
             specified in Section 4.13 of the Plan. 

             If, after the end of the  Plan Year, the Employer determines
             that the Plan  will fail the Actual  Contribution Percentage
             Test,  the   Employer  shall  take  the   corrective  action
             specified  in Section 4.15 or Section 4.17 of the Plan, or a

                                        -30-
                                   Page 112 of 191                   <PAGE>

<PAGE>
             combination of such  corrective actions, in order  to ensure
             that  the  Plan  does  not   fail  the  Actual  Contribution
             Percentage Test for the Plan Year being tested. 

             Such Matching Contribution shall be allocated as of the last
             day of the  Contribution Period for which  such contribution
             is made to each Participant who:

                  is   an  Active  Participant  as  of  any  day  of  the
                  Contribution Period.

             Matching Contributions  may  be made  in  the form  of  cash
             and/or Employer Stock. 

             Notwithstanding the above provision,  an allocation will  be
             made  on  behalf  of a  Participant  who  dies, retires,  or
             becomes disabled during the Contribution Period. 

          4.3     NONELECTIVE  CONTRIBUTIONS.  The  Employer  may make  a
                  contribution under  the Plan  for any  Plan Year  of an
                  amount  out  of   Considered  Net   Profits  that   the
                  Employer's  Board  of  Directors   shall  determine  by
                  resolution. Such  resolution  shall  either  specify  a
                  fixed amount or  specify a definite formula  by which a
                  fixed amount can be determined. 

             The  Employer may designate at the time of contribution that
             all or a portion of such Nonelective Contribution be treated
             as a Qualified Nonelective Contribution. 

             Nonelective Contributions may  be made in  the form of  cash
             and/or Employer Stock. 

             Such Nonelective Contribution  shall be allocated as  of the
             last day of  the Plan  Year for which  such contribution  is
             made to each Participant who:

                  has a  Year of  Service for  contribution purposes,  as
                  defined in Article II.

                  is an Active Participant as of the last day of the Plan
                  Year.

             Notwithstanding  the above provision,  an allocation will be
             made  on  behalf of  a  Participant  who  dies, retires,  or
             becomes disabled during the Plan Year. 

             For  each Plan Year  the contribution shall  be allocated to
             each  Participant  in the  proportion that  the Compensation
             paid to each Participant  during the Plan Year bears  to the
             Compensation paid to  all such Participants, subject  to the
             Limitations on Allocations specified in Article V. 

                                        -31-
                                   Page 113 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             The  contribution  as described  above,  for any  Plan Year,
             shall be paid to  the Trust at the end of  the Plan Year, or
             as soon as  possible on or after  the last day of  such Plan
             Year, but  in any  event not  later than the  date which  is
             prescribed  by  law  for filing  the  Employer's  income tax
             return, including any extension thereof. 

          4.4     FAIL-SAFE CONTRIBUTION. The Employer reserves the right
                  to make a discretionary Nonelective Contribution to the
                  Plan for any Plan Year, if the Employer determines that
                  such a contribution is necessary  to ensure that either
                  the  Actual  Deferral  Percentage Test  or  the  Actual
                  Contribution Percentage Test will be satisfied for that
                  Plan  Year.  Such  amount shall  be  designated  by the
                  Employer at  the time  of contribution  as a  Qualified
                  Nonelective  Contribution  and  shall  be  known  as  a
                  Fail-Safe Contribution. 

             The Fail-Safe Contribution  shall be made  on behalf of  all
             eligible   non-Highly   Compensated   Employees    who   are
             Participants  and  who  are  considered   under  the  Actual
             Deferral  Percentage   Test  or   the  Actual   Contribution
             Percentage Test. This contribution shall be allocated to the
             Participant's Account of each such  Participant in an amount
             equal   to  a   fixed   percentage  of   such  Participant's
             Compensation. The  fixed percentage  shall be  equal to  the
             minimum fixed percentage necessary to  be contributed by the
             Employer on behalf  of each eligible non-Highly  Compensated
             Employee who  is a Participant  so that the  Actual Deferral
             Percentage  Test or the  Actual Contribution Percentage Test
             is satisfied. 

             The Fail-Safe Contribution  for any Plan Year  as determined
             above shall be  paid to  the Trust  at the end  of the  Plan
             Year, or  as soon as  possible on or  after the last  day of
             such Plan Year, but in no event later than the date which is
             prescribed  by  law  for filing  the  Employer's  income tax
             return, including any extensions thereof. 

          4.5     PROFITS NOT REQUIRED. Contributions  to this Plan shall
                  not be  precluded because  the Employer  does not  have
                  Considered Net Profits.  Notwithstanding the  existence
                  of Considered Net Profits,  the Employer may  determine
                  in  its   sole  discretion   that  it   will  make   no
                  contributions for such Plan Year. 

          4.6     PAYMENT OF EXPENSES.   The  Employer may contribute  to
                  the Plan the  amount necessary,  to pay any  applicable
                  expense charges and administration charges.  In lieu of
                  the Employer's contributing the amount necessary to pay
                  such charges, these expenses may be paid from the Trust
                  fund. 

                                        -32-
                                   Page 114 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          4.7     ALLOCATION  OF  FORFEITURES. Forfeitures  available for
                  reallocation  in accordance with  Section 9.3  shall be
                  considered  as part  of  the Nonelective  Contributions
                  made by the  Employer as more  fully described in  this
                  Article IV.

          4.8     CREDITING OF ELECTIVE DEFERRAL AND OTHER CONTRIBUTIONS.
                  Elective Deferral Contributions and other contributions
                  made  by  the   Employer  shall  be  credited   to  the
                  Participant Account  of each Participant for  whom such
                  contributions  are   made,  in   accordance  with   the
                  provisions of Article XIII. 

          4.9     ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTIONS.  The Plan  may receive Rollover
                  Contributions on behalf of a Participant.  Receipt of a
                  Rollover Contribution shall be subject to  the approval
                  of  the  Plan  Administrator.    Before  approving  the
                  receipt   of   a   Rollover  Contribution,   the   Plan
                  Administrator  may  request  any   documents  or  other
                  information from a  Participant or opinions  of counsel
                  which  the   Plan  Administrator  deems   necessary  to
                  establish that such amount is a Rollover Contribution. 

             Rollover   Contributions   shall    be   credited   to   the
             Participant's  Account  and may  be  invested in  any manner
             authorized under the provisions of this Plan. 

          4.10    TRANSFERS.  Without  regard   to  the  Limitations   on
                  Allocations imposed  under Article  V, the Trustee  may
                  receive,  directly from  another  qualified pension  or
                  profit-sharing   plan   meeting  the   requirements  of
                  Internal Revenue Code  section 401(a),  all or part  of
                  the  entire   amount  distributable  on  behalf   of  a
                  Participant from such  plan. Likewise, the  Trustee may
                  receive  Transfers  representing  the  assets  of   any
                  predecessor plan. 

             Transfers may be invested in any manner authorized under the
             provisions of this Plan. 

          4.11    SUSPENSION  OF  ELECTIVE  DEFERRAL  CONTRIBUTIONS.  The
                  following  provisions  shall   apply  with  respect  to
                  suspension of Elective Deferral Contributions. 

             (A)  Elective Suspension.   An Active Participant  may elect
                  to suspend  his Salary Deferral  Agreement for Elective
                  Deferral  Contributions  by  filing  a  written  notice
                  thereof with the Administrator at any time.  The Salary
                  Deferral  Agreement  shall  be  suspended on  the  date
                  specified in such notice,  which date must be at  least
                  15 days after such  notice is filed.  The  notice shall
                  specify the period  for which such suspension  shall be
                  effective.  Such period may extend indefinitely. 

                                        -33-
                                   Page 115 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             (B)  Suspension for Leave. A Participant  who is absent from
                  employment on account of an authorized leave of absence
                  or  military  leave  shall  have  his  Salary  Deferral
                  Agreement suspended during such leave. Such  suspension
                  of contributions shall be effective on the date payment
                  of  Compensation  by the  Employer  to him  ceases, and
                  shall remain in effect until payment of Compensation is
                  resumed. 

             (C)  Withdrawal Suspension. An Active Participant who elects
                  a withdrawal in accordance with Article X  may have his
                  Salary  Deferral Agreement  suspended on the  date such
                  election  becomes  effective.  Such   suspension  shall
                  remain in  effect for  the number  of months  specified
                  therein. 

             (D)  Non-Elective  Suspension.  An  Active  Participant  who
                  ceases  to   meet  the   eligibility  requirements   as
                  specified in Section 3.1 but  who remains in the employ
                  of  the  Employer,  shall  have   his  Salary  Deferral
                  Agreement    suspended,  effective as  of  the  date he
                  ceases  to  meet  the  eligibility  requirements.  Such
                  suspension shall remain in effect  until he again meets
                  such eligibility requirements. 

             The Participant may elect to  reactivate his Salary Deferral
             Agreement for Elective  Deferral Contributions  by  filing a
             written notice  thereof with  the Plan  Administrator.   The
             Salary  Deferral  Agreement  shall  be  reactivated  on  the
             January  1,  April 1,  July 1,  or  October 1  following the
             expiration of the suspension period described above. 

          4.12    LIMITATION  OF ELECTIVE DEFERRAL CONTRIBUTIONS.  If the
                  Employer  determines prior to the end  of the Plan Year
                  that  the  Plan  may not  satisfy  the  Actual Deferral
                  Percentage Test  for the  Plan Year,  the Employer  may
                  require  that   the   amount   of   Elective   Deferral
                  Contributions being allocated to the accounts of Highly
                  Compensated  Employees   be  reduced   to  the   extent
                  necessary to  prevent Excess  Contributions from  being
                  made to the Plan. 

             Although  the  Employer may  reduce  the amount  of Elective
             Deferral  Contributions   that  may  be  allocated   to  the
             Participant's Account of  Highly Compensated Employees,  the
             affected  Employees shall  continue  to  participate in  the
             Plan.  When the situation that  resulted in the reduction of
             Elective  Deferral  Contributions   ceases  to  exist,   the
             Employer  shall reinstate  the amount  of  Elective Deferral
             Contributions  elected  by  the  Participant  in the  Salary
             Deferral Agreement to  the fullest  extent possible for  all
             affected Participants in a nondiscriminatory manner. 

                                        -34-
                                   Page 116 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          4.13    LIMITATION OF MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS.  If  the Employer
                  determines prior to the  end of the Plan Year  that the
                  Plan may not satisfy the Actual Contribution Percentage
                  Test for the Plan  Year, the Employer may require  that
                  the amount of Matching Contributions being allocated to
                  the Accounts of Highly Compensated Employees be reduced
                  to  the extent  necessary to  prevent  Excess Aggregate
                  Contributions from being made to the Plan. 

          4.14    CORRECTIVE DISTRIBUTION OF EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS. 

             (A)  The Employer may  distribute Excess Contributions  (and
                  income  allocable thereto)  to  the appropriate  Highly
                  Compensated Employee after  the close of the  Plan Year
                  in which the  Excess Contribution  arose and within  12
                  months after the close of that Plan Year. 

             (B)  The income  allocable to Excess Contributions  is equal
                  to the sum of  the allocable gain or loss  for the Plan
                  Year and shall be determined as follows:

                  (1)  The income  allocable to  Excess Contributions  is
                       determined by multiplying the  income for the Plan
                       Year allocable to Deferral Percentage Amounts by a
                       fraction.  The  numerator of  the fraction is  the
                       Excess Contributions attributable to  the Employee
                       for  the  Plan  Year.    The  denominator  of  the
                       fraction  is equal  to the  sum of  (A) the  total
                       account  balance of  the Employee  attributable to
                       Deferral Percentage Amounts as of the beginning of
                       the Plan  Year, plus (B)  the Employee's  Deferral
                       Percentage Amounts for the Plan Year. 

                  (2)  The allocable gain or loss  for the period between
                       the   end  of  the  Plan  Year  and  the  date  of
                       distribution shall not be taken into consideration
                       when determining  the income  allocable to  Excess
                       Contributions. 

             (C)  The  amount of  Excess Contributions to  be distributed
                  with respect to  an Employee for  a Plan Year shall  be
                  reduced by Excess  Deferrals previously distributed  to
                  the Employee  for  the Employee's  taxable year  ending
                  with or within the Plan Year. 

             (D)  The distribution  of Excess  Contributions made  to the
                  Family Members of a family group that  was combined for
                  purposes of determining a Highly Compensated Employee's
                  Actual  Deferral  Ratio  shall be  allocated  among the
                  Family  Members in proportion  to the Elective Deferral
                  Contribution  (including  any  amounts  required to  be
                  taken into account under subparagraphs  (B) (1) and (B)

                                        -35-
                                   Page 117 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (2) of Section 1.8  of the Plan) of each  Family Member
                  that  is  combined  to  determine  the Actual  Deferral
                  Ratio. 

             (E)  A corrective distribution of Excess Contributions  (and
                  income) shall be made without regard to any Participant
                  or  spousal  consent or  any notice  otherwise required
                  under sections 411(a)(11) and 417 of the Code. 

             (F)  Any  Matching  Contributions   or  Qualified   Matching
                  Contributions that  relate to  the Excess  Contribution
                  being  distributed shall  be forfeited.   The  Matching
                  Contribution so forfeited shall be in proportion to the
                  applicable Employee's vested and nonvested interest  in
                  Matching Contributions under the Plan for the Plan Year
                  in which the Excess Contribution arose.  Forfeitures of
                  Matching    Contributions    or    Qualified   Matching
                  Contributions that relate to Excess Contributions shall
                  be applied to reduce Employer contributions or pay Plan
                  expenses. 

             (G)  In no case may the amount of Excess Contributions to be
                  distributed for  a Plan Year with respect to any Highly
                  Compensated  Employee  exceed  the amount  of  Elective
                  Deferral  Contributions made  on  behalf of  the Highly
                  Compensated Employee for the Plan Year. 

             (H)  In  the event  of a  complete termination  of  the Plan
                  during the Plan  Year in  which an Excess  Contribution
                  arose, the corrective distribution must be made as soon
                  as  administratively feasible  after  the  date of  the
                  termination of the Plan, but in  no event later than 12
                  months after the date of termination. 

             (I)  Any  distribution  of less  than  the entire  amount of
                  Excess  Contributions   with  respect  to   any  Highly
                  Compensated Employee  shall  be treated  as a  pro-rata
                  distribution  of  Excess  Contributions  and  allocable
                  income or loss. 

          4.15    CORRECTION OF EXCESS AGGREGATE CONTRIBUTIONS. 

             (A)  Excess Aggregate Contributions  may be corrected  using
                  one of the  methods described in subparagraphs  (1) and
                  (2)  below.   The Employer  shall  elect the  method of
                  correction to be  used and shall  apply such method  to
                  the correction  of the  Excess Annual  Contribution for
                  the Plan Year.

                  (1)  Method 1:

                       (a)  The   Excess   Aggregate   Contribution  (and
                            income) shall be  forfeited, if  forfeitable,

                                        -36-
                                   Page 118 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                            or distributed on a  pro-rata basis from  the
                            Employee's     Account    attributable     to
                            Contribution   Percentage   Amounts.      The
                            distribution  or  forfeiture  shall  be  made
                            after the close of the Plan Year in which the
                            Excess  Aggregate   Contribution  arose   and
                            within 12 months after the close of that Plan
                            Year.   Whether an  amount is distributed  or
                            forfeited under this  subparagraph (a)  shall
                            be determined based on the rules set forth in
                            paragraph (B) of this section. 

                  (2)  Method 2:

                       (a)  Any  Matching  Contributions  (and  Qualified
                            Matching  Contributions,  to  the extent  not
                            taken into account for purposes of the Actual
                            Deferral   Percentage   Test),   and   income
                            allocable  thereto,  shall  be forfeited,  if
                            forfeitable,    or    distributed    to   the
                            appropriate Highly Compensated Employee.  The
                            distribution  or  forfeiture  shall  be  made
                            after the close of the Plan Year in which the
                            Excess  Aggregate   Contribution  arose   and
                            within 12 months after the close of that Plan
                            Year.   Whether  an  amount  is forfeited  or
                            distributed  shall  be  determined under  the
                            rules  set  forth in  paragraph  (B)  of this
                            section. 

             (B)  Determination of Distributable and Forfeitable Amounts.
                  For purposes of paragraph (A) of this section:

                  (1)  An Excess Aggregate  Contribution attributable  to
                       vested Matching Contributions,  Qualified Matching
                       Contributions  (and,   if  applicable,   Qualified
                       Nonelective  Contributions  and  Elective Deferral
                       Contributions)   shall   be  distributed   to  the
                       appropriate   Highly   Compensated   Employee   in
                       accordance with the terms of this section. 

                  (2)  An Excess Aggregate  Contribution attributable  to
                       an  Employee's  nonvested  Matching  Contributions
                       shall be forfeited in accordance with the terms of
                       this section. 

                  (3)  A   Highly   Compensated  Employee's   vested  and
                       nonvested interest in Matching  Contributions (and
                       income allocable thereto)  attributable to  Excess
                       Aggregate Contributions  shall  be  based  on  the
                       proportion that represents  the Employee's  Vested
                       Interest in Matching Contributions  under the Plan

                                        -37-
                                   Page 119 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                       for the Plan  Year in  which the Excess  Aggregate
                       Contribution arose. 

             (C)  Forfeited   Excess   Aggregate   Contributions.      In
                  accordance  with paragraph  (B)  of  this section,  the
                  amount   that   represents  the   Employee's  nonvested
                  interest in Matching Contributions (and income), and is
                  attributable to Excess  Aggregate Contributions,  shall
                  be forfeited and,  as such, shall be applied  to reduce
                  Employer contributions or pay expenses. 

             (D)  Income  Allocable  to  Excess Aggregate  Contributions.
                  For purposes of  this section, the income  allocable to
                  Excess Aggregate Contributions  is equal to the  sum of
                  the allocable gain or loss for the Plan Year, and shall
                  be determined as follows:

                  (1)  The   income   allocable   to   Excess   Aggregate
                       Contributions  is  determined  by multiplying  the
                       income for the Plan Year allocable to Contribution
                       Percentage Amounts by  a fraction.  The  numerator
                       of   the   fraction   is   the  Excess   Aggregate
                       Contributions for the Employee for the  Plan Year.
                       The denominator of  the fraction  is equal to  the
                       sum  of  (A)  the  total  account balance  of  the
                       Employee attributable  to Contribution  Percentage
                       Amounts as of the beginning of the Plan Year, plus
                       (B) the  Contribution Percentage  Amounts for  the
                       Plan Year. 

                  (2)  The allocable gain or loss  for the period between
                       the  end   of  the  Plan  Year  and  the  date  of
                       correction shall  not be taken  into consideration
                       when determining  the income  allocable to  Excess
                       Aggregate Contributions. 

             (E)  The distribution of Excess Aggregate Contributions (and
                  income) made to  Family Members of a  family group that
                  was  combined  for  purposes  of  determining  a Highly
                  Compensated Employee's Actual Contribution  Ratio shall
                  be allocated among Family Members  in proportion to the
                  Contribution Percentage Amounts (including  any amounts
                  required to be taken  into account under  subparagraphs
                  (B) (1) and (B) (2) of Section 1.5 of the Plan) of each
                  Family Member that are combined to determine the Actual
                  Contribution Ratio. 

             (F)  In the  event  of a  complete termination  of the  Plan
                  during  the  Plan  Year in  which  an  Excess Aggregate
                  Contribution  arose,  the  corrective  distribution  or
                  forfeiture  shall be made  as soon  as administratively
                  feasible after the date of termination of the Plan, but

                                        -38-
                                   Page 120 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  in no  event later  than 12  months after  the date  of
                  termination. 

             (G)  If the entire  account balance of a  Highly Compensated
                  Employee is distributed  during the Plan Year  in which
                  the   Excess   Aggregate   Contribution    arose,   the
                  distribution shall be deemed to  have been a corrective
                  distribution  of  Excess  Aggregate Contributions  (and
                  income)  to the extent  that a  corrective distribution
                  would otherwise have been required. 

             (H)  Any  distribution  of less  than  the entire  amount of
                  Excess Aggregate  Contributions (and  income) shall  be
                  treated as a pro-rata distribution  of Excess Aggregate
                  Contributions and allocable income or loss. 

             (I)  In  no  case   may  the  amount  of   Excess  Aggregate
                  Contributions  distributed  to  a   Highly  Compensated
                  Employee exceed  the amount  of Matching  Contributions
                  made on behalf  of the Highly Compensated  Employee for
                  the Plan Year. 

             (J)  A distribution  of Excess Aggregate  Contributions (and
                  income) shall be made under this section without regard
                  to  any  notice  or  consent  otherwise  required under
                  sections 411(a)(11) and 417 of the Code. 

          4.16    CORRECTIVE    DISTRIBUTION    OF    EXCESS   DEFERRALS.
                  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, Excess
                  Deferrals, plus any income and minus any loss allocable
                  thereto, may be distributed to any Participant to whose
                  account  Excess   Deferrals  were  allocated   for  the
                  individual's   taxable  year.      Such  a   corrective
                  distribution  shall  be made  in  accordance with  this
                  section. 

             (A)  Correction of Excess Deferrals After Taxable Year.

                  (1)  Not later than the March 15 following the close of
                       a Participant's taxable year,  the Participant may
                       notify the Plan of the  amount of Excess Deferrals
                       received  by  the Plan  during that  taxable year.
                       The  notification  shall  be   in  writing,  shall
                       specify  the  Participant's Excess  Deferrals, and
                       shall be accompanied  by the Participant's written
                       statement   that   if   such   amounts   are   not
                       distributed, these  amounts,  when  added  to  all
                       other  Elective  Deferral  Contributions  made  on
                       behalf of the Participant during the taxable year,
                       shall exceed  the dollar  limitation specified  in
                       section 402(g) of the Code. 

                                        -39-
                                   Page 121 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (2)  The  Participant is  deemed to  have  notified the
                       Plan of Excess  Deferrals if,  not later than  the
                       March  1 following  the close  of a  Participant's
                       taxable year,  the Employer notifies  the Plan  on
                       behalf of the Participant of the Excess Deferrals.
                       Such  Excess  Deferrals  shall  be  calculated  by
                       taking   into   account  only   Elective  Deferral
                       Contributions under the Plan  and any other  plans
                       of the Employer. 

                  (3)  Not later than the April 15 following the close of
                       the taxable year, the Plan shall distribute to the
                       Participant   the   amount  of   Excess  Deferrals
                       designated under subparagraphs (1) or (2) above. 

             (B)  Correction of Excess Deferrals During the Taxable Year.
                  A  Participant  who  has an  Excess  Deferral  during a
                  taxable  year  may  receive a  corrective  distribution
                  during the same  year.  Such a  corrective distribution
                  shall be made if:

                  (1)  The Participant designates the  distribution as an
                       Excess Deferral.  The designation shall be made in
                       the same  manner as the notification  described in
                       subparagraph  (A)  (1)  of  this  section.     The
                       Participant will be deemed  to have designated the
                       distribution as an Excess Deferral if the Employer
                       makes the designation on behalf of the Participant
                       to  the  extent  that the  Participant  has Excess
                       Deferrals  for  the  taxable  year  calculated  by
                       taking   into   account  only   Elective  Deferral
                       Contributions to the  Plan and other plans  of the
                       Employer. 

                  (2)  The corrective distribution is made after the date
                       on which the Plan received the Excess Deferral. 

                  (3)  The  Plan   designates  the   distribution  as   a
                       distribution of Excess Deferrals.

             (C)  If   the  Participant   provides   the  Employer   with
                  satisfactory evidence and written notice to demonstrate
                  that  all  Elective   Deferral  Contributions  by   the
                  participant in this  Plan and any other  qualified plan
                  exceed the applicable limit under section 402(g) of the
                  Code for such individual's taxable  year, then the Plan
                  Administrator may  (but is not required  to) distribute
                  sufficient  Elective  Deferral  Contributions  (not  to
                  exceed the  amount of  Elective Deferral  Contributions
                  actually contributed  on behalf  of the Participant  to
                  this  Plan during the  Participant's taxable year) from
                  this Plan to allow  the Participant to comply  with the
                  applicable  limit.    The  evidence  provided  by   the

                                        -40-
                                   Page 122 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Participant must establish clearly the amount of Excess
                  Deferrals. The  Participant must present  this evidence
                  to the Plan Administrator by the March  1 following the
                  end of the calendar year in which the Excess  Deferrals
                  occurred. 

             (D)  Income  Allocable  to  Excess  Deferrals.   The  income
                  allocable to  Excess Deferrals is  equal to the  sum of
                  allocable  gain or  loss for  the  taxable year  of the
                  individual and shall be determined as follows:

                  (1)  The gain or loss allocable  to Excess Deferrals is
                       determined  by  multiplying  the  income  for  the
                       taxable  year  allocable   to  Elective   Deferral
                       Contributions by a fraction.  The numerator of the
                       fraction  is the Excess  Deferrals by the Employee
                       for  the  taxable year.    The denominator  of the
                       fraction is equal to the sum of:

                       (a)  The  total account  balance  of the  Employee
                            attributable     to     Elective     Deferral
                            Contributions as of the beginning of the Plan
                            Year, plus

                       (b)  The     Employee's     Elective      Deferral
                            Contributions for the taxable year.

                  (2)  The income allocable to Excess Deferrals shall not
                       include the allocable gain or  loss for the period
                       between the end of the  taxable year and the  date
                       of distribution. 

             (E)  No Employee or Spousal Consent  Required.  A corrective
                  distribution  of Excess Deferrals (and income) shall be
                  made without regard to any  notice or consent otherwise
                  required under sections 411(a)(11) and 417 of the Code.


             (F)  Any  Matching  Contributions   or  Qualified   Matching
                  Contributions that relate to  the Excess Deferral being
                  distributed   shall  be   forfeited.     The   Matching
                  Contribution so forfeited shall be in proportion to the
                  applicable Employee's vested and  nonvested interest in
                  Matching Contributions under the Plan for the Plan Year
                  in which  the Excess  Deferral arose.   Forfeitures  of
                  Matching    Contributions    or    Qualified   Matching
                  Contributions that relate to  Excess Deferrals shall be
                  applied  to reduce  Employer contributions or  pay Plan
                  expenses. 

          4.17    QUALIFIED  CONTRIBUTIONS.    In  lieu  of  distributing
                  Excess Contributions as provided in Section 4.14 of the
                  Plan, or Excess Aggregate Contributions as provided  in

                                        -41-
                                   Page 123 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Section 4.15  of the  Plan, the  Employer may take  the
                  actions specified below in order  to satisfy the Actual
                  Deferral  Percentage Test  or  the Actual  Contribution
                  Percentage Test,  or both, pursuant  to the regulations
                  under the Code. 

             (A)  At the election of the  Employer, Qualified Nonelective
                  Contributions or Qualified  Matching Contributions,  or
                  both, may be  taken into  account as Elective  Deferral
                  Contributions for  purposes of  calculating the  Actual
                  Deferral Ratio of a Participant. 

                  The amount  of Qualified  Nonelective Contributions  or
                  Qualified Matching  Contributions made under  the terms
                  of  this  Plan  and  taken  into  account  as  Elective
                  Deferral Contributions for purposes  of calculating the
                  Actual  Deferral   Ratio,   subject   to   such   other
                  requirements as may  be prescribed by the  Secretary of
                  the  Treasury,  shall  be  such  Qualified  Nonelective
                  Contributions or Qualified  Matching Contributions,  or
                  both,  that  are  needed to  meet  the  Actual Deferral
                  Percentage Test. 

             (B)  At the election of  the Employer, Qualified Nonelective
                  Contributions  or  Elective Deferral  Contributions, or
                  both,   may  be   taken   into   account  as   Matching
                  Contributions  for purposes  of calculating  the Actual
                  Contribution Ratio of a Participant. 

                  The  amount of  Qualified Nonelective  Contributions or
                  Elective Deferral Contributions made under the terms of
                  this  Plan  and  taken  into  account for  purposes  of
                  calculating the  Actual Contribution Ratio,  subject to
                  such other  requirements as  may be  prescribed by  the
                  Secretary  of  the Treasury,  shall  be  such Qualified
                  Nonelective   Contributions   or    Elective   Deferral
                  Contributions, or  both, that  are needed  to meet  the
                  Actual Contribution Percentage Test. 

             (C)  Any  Qualified   Nonelective  Contribution,   Qualified
                  Matching    Contribution,    and    Elective   Deferral
                  Contribution taken into account under paragraphs (A) or
                  (B) must be allocated to the Employee's Account as of a
                  date  within  the   Plan  Year  in  which   the  Excess
                  Contribution or Excess Aggregate Contribution arose and
                  must be paid  to the  Plan no later  than the  12-month
                  period immediately following the Plan Year to which the
                  contribution relates. 


                                        -42-
                                   Page 124 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          4.18    MULTIPLE USE OF ALTERNATIVE LIMITATION. 

             (A)  Multiple use  of the  alternative limitation  occurs if
                  all  of  the  conditions  of  this  paragraph  (A)  are
                  satisfied:

                  (1)  One  or  more Highly  Compensated Employee  of the
                       Employer are eligible employees in  both a cash or
                       deferred arrangement subject to section 401(k) and
                       a  plan  maintained  by the  Employer  subject  to
                       section 401(m). 

                  (2)  The sum of  the Actual Deferral Percentage  of the
                       entire  group  of   eligible  Highly   Compensated
                       Employees under the arrangement subject to section
                       401(k) and the  Actual Contribution Percentage  of
                       the entire  group of  eligible Highly  Compensated
                       Employees under the Plan subject to section 401(m)
                       exceeds the  aggregate limit  of paragraph  (C) of
                       this section. 

                  (3)  Actual Deferral  Percentage of the entire group of
                       eligible  Highly  Compensated Employees  under the
                       arrangement subject to  section 401(k) exceeds the
                       amount described in section 401(k)(3)(A)(ii)(I). 

                  (4)  The Actual  Contribution Percentage of  the entire
                       group  of  eligible  Highly Compensated  Employees
                       under the  arrangement subject  to section  401(m)
                       exceeds   the   amount   described    in   section
                       401(m)(2)(A)(i). 

             (B)  For purposes of  this section,  the aggregate limit  is
                  the greater of:

                  (1)  The sum of-

                       (a)  1.25 times the greater of the relevant Actual
                            Deferral  Percentage  or the  relevant Actual
                            Contribution Percentage, and

                       (b)  Two percentage points plus the  lesser of the
                            relevant  Actual  Deferral Percentage  or the
                            relevant Actual Contribution Percentage.   In
                            no  event, however,  may  this amount  exceed
                            twice  the  lesser  of  the  relevant  Actual
                            Deferral    Percentage    or    the    Actual
                            Contribution Percentage; or

                  (2)  The sum of-


                                        -43-
                                   Page 125 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                       (a)  1.25 times  the lesser of the relevant Actual
                            Deferral  Percentage  or the  relevant Actual
                            Contribution Percentage, and

                       (b)  Two percentage points plus the greater of the
                            relevant  Actual  Deferral Percentage  or the
                            relevant Actual Contribution Percentage.   In
                            no  event, however,  may  this amount  exceed
                            twice  the  greater  of the  relevant  Actual
                            Deferral  Percentage  or the  relevant Actual
                            Contribution Percentage. 

             (C)  For purposes of paragraph (B) of this section, the term
                  "relevant Actual Deferral Percentage" means the  Actual
                  Deferral   Percentage  of   the   group  of   Nonhighly
                  Compensated Employees under the  arrangement subject to
                  section  401(k)  for  the  Plan   Year,  and  the  term
                  "relevant  Actual  Contribution  Percentage" means  the
                  Actual  Contribution   Percentage  of   the  group   of
                  Nonhighly Compensated Employees eligible under the Plan
                  subject to section  401(m) for the Plan  Year beginning
                  with or within the Plan Year of the arrangement subject
                  to section 401(k). 

             (D)  The Actual Deferral Percentage  and Actual Contribution
                  Percentage of the group  of eligible Highly Compensated
                  Employees  are   determined  after  use   of  Qualified
                  Nonelective   Contributions   and   Qualified  Matching
                  Contributions to  meet the  requirements of the  Actual
                  Deferral Percentage  Test  and after  use of  Qualified
                  Nonelective   Contributions   and   Elective   Deferral
                  Contributions to  meet the requirements  of the  Actual
                  Contribution  Percentage  Test.   The  Actual  Deferral
                  Percentage and  Actual Contribution  Percentage of  the
                  group of  Highly Compensated  Employees are  determined
                  after  any  corrective  distribution or  forfeiture  of
                  Excess  Deferrals,  Excess  Contributions,   or  Excess
                  Aggregate Contributions and after recharacterization of
                  Excess  Contributions required  without regard  to this
                  section.  Only plans and arrangements maintained by the
                  Employer  are taken  into account under  paragraph (B).
                  If the Employer maintains two  or more cash or deferred
                  arrangements  subject to  section 401(k)  that  must be
                  mandatorily   disaggregated    pursuant   to    section
                  401(k)-1(g)(11)(iii) multiple use is  tested separately
                  with respect to each plan. 

             (E)  If multiple use  of the  alternative limit occurs  with
                  respect to two or more plans or arrangements maintained
                  by the  Employer, it shall be corrected by reducing the
                  Actual  Contribution  Percentage of  Highly Compensated
                  Employees in the  manner described in paragraph  (F) of
                  this section.   Instead of  making this reduction,  the

                                        -44-
                                   Page 126 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Employer  may  eliminate  the   multiple  use  of   the
                  alternative limitation by making  Qualified Nonelective
                  Contributions to the Plan. 

             (F)  The  amount  of  the  reduction  by which  each  Highly
                  Compensated  Employee's  Actual  Contribution Ratio  is
                  reduced  shall  be  treated  as   an  Excess  Aggregate
                  Contribution.   The Actual  Contribution Percentage  of
                  all Highly Compensated Employees under the plan subject
                  to  reduction  shall be  reduced  so that  there  is no
                  multiple use of the alternative limitation. 








































                                        -45-

                                   Page 127 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE V
                             LIMITATIONS ON ALLOCATIONS
                             --------------------------


          5.1     LIMITATIONS   ON  ALLOCATIONS.     Definitions   -  The
                  following definitions  are atypical  terms which  refer
                  only to terms  used in  the Limitations on  Allocations
                  Sections of this Article V. 

             (A)  Annual Additions.  The term Annual Additions shall mean
                  the sum of the following amounts allocated on behalf of
                  a Participant for a Limitation Year:

                  (1)  all contributions made by the Employer which shall
                       include:

                            Elective Deferral Contributions, if any;

                            Matching Contributions, if any;

                            Qualified Matching Contributions, if any;

                            Nonelective Contributions, if any;

                            Qualified Nonelective Contributions, if any;

                  (2)  all Forfeitures, if any;

                  (3)  all Employee Contributions, if any.

                  For  the  purposes  of  this  Article,  Excess  Amounts
                  reapplied under Section 5.2 (D)  shall also be included
                  as Annual Additions.   Also, for  the purposes of  this
                  Article, Employee Contributions are  determined without
                  regard to deductible  employee contributions within the
                  meaning of section 72(o)(5) of the Code. 

                  Amounts  allocated   after  March  31,   1984,  to   an
                  individual  medical  account,  as  defined in  Internal
                  Revenue  Code  section 415(l)(1),  which  is part  of a
                  defined benefit plan  maintained by  the Employer,  are
                  treated as Annual Additions  to a defined  contribution
                  plan.  Also, amounts derived from contributions paid or
                  accrued   attributable   to   post-retirement   medical
                  benefits allocated  to the  separate account  of a  key
                  employee, as  defined in Internal Revenue  Code section
                  419A(d)(3), under a welfare benefit fund, as defined in
                  Internal Revenue Code section 419(e), maintained by the
                  Employer, are treated as Annual  Additions to a defined
                  contribution plan. 

                                        -46-
                                   Page 128 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  Contributions do not fail to be Annual Additions merely
                  because they are Excess Deferrals, Excess Contributions
                  or  Excess Aggregate  Contributions  or merely  because
                  Excess Contributions or Excess  Aggregate Contributions
                  are     corrected      through     distribution      or
                  recharacterization.      Excess   Deferrals  that   are
                  distributed in accordance with Section 4.16 of the Plan
                  are not Annual Additions.

                  Forfeited  Matching  Contributions  that are  forfeited
                  because  the contributions  to  which they  relate  are
                  treated  as  Excess  Aggregate   Contributions,  Excess
                  Contributions,  or  Excess   Deferrals  and  that   are
                  reallocated  to  the  Participant  Accounts  of   other
                  Participants for the Plan Year  in which the forfeiture
                  occurs,  are  treated  as  Annual  Additions   for  the
                  Participants to whose accounts they are reallocated and
                  for  the  Participants  from  whose  accounts  they are
                  forfeited. 

             (B)  Compensation.  The term Compensation means wages within
                  the meaning  of section  3401(a)  of the  Code for  the
                  purposes of income  tax withholding  at the source  but
                  determined without regard  to any rules that  limit the
                  remuneration included in  wages based on the  nature or
                  location of  the employment  or the  services performed
                  (such  as  the  exception  for  agricultural  labor  in
                  section 3401(a)(2) of the Code). 

                  For Limitation Years beginning after December 31, 1991,
                  for  purposes  of  applying  the  limitations  of  this
                  article,  Compensation for  a  Limitation Year  is  the
                  Compensation  actually paid  or  made available  during
                  such Limitation Year. 

             (C)  Defined  Contribution  Dollar  Limitation.    The  term
                  Defined  Contribution  Dollar  Limitation   shall  mean
                  $30,000  or,  if  greater, one-fourth  of  the  defined
                  benefit dollar limitation set forth in Internal Revenue
                  Code section 415(b)(1) as in  effect for the Limitation
                  Year. 

             (D)  Employer.  The  term Employer  shall mean the  Employer
                  that  adopts this  Plan.   In the  case of  a group  of
                  employers  which  constitutes  a  controlled  group  of
                  corporations  (as  defined  in  Internal  Revenue  Code
                  section 414(b) as modified by section 415(h)), or which
                  constitutes   trades  or   business  (whether   or  not
                  incorporated)  which  are  under   common  control  (as
                  defined  in  section  414(c)  as  modified  by  section
                  415(h)),  or affiliated service  groups (as  defined in
                  section 414(m))  of which  the adopting  Employer is  a
                  part, all such  employers shall be considered  a single

                                        -47-
                                   Page 129 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Employer for  purposes of  applying the limitations  of
                  this Article. 

             (E)  Excess Amount.   The term Excess Amount  shall mean the
                  excess of  the Participant's  Annual Additions  for the
                  Limitation Year over the Maximum Permissible Amount. 

             (F)  Limitation Year.   The term Limitation Year  shall mean
                  the calendar year.

             (G)  Maximum   Permissible  Amount.      The  term   Maximum
                  Permissible Amount  shall mean  the lesser  of (1)  the
                  Defined Contribution Dollar  Limitation, or (2)  25% of
                  the Participant's Compensation for the Limitation Year.


                  If a  short Limitation Year  is created  because of  an
                  amendment changing  the Limitation Year  to a different
                  period   of   12   consecutive   months,  the   Maximum
                  Permissible Amount for  the short Limitation  Year will
                  be the lesser  of (1)  the Defined Contribution  Dollar
                  Limitation multiplied by a  fraction, the numerator  of
                  which is the number  of months in the short  Limitation
                  Year, and the denominator of which is 12, or (2) 25% of
                  the Participant's Compensation for the short Limitation
                  Year. 

          5.2     LIMITATIONS ON ALLOCATIONS.   If the Employer  does not
                  maintain any qualified plan in addition to this Plan:

             (A)  The amount of  Annual Additions which may  be allocated
                  under  this  Plan  on  a  Participant's  behalf  for  a
                  Limitation  Year  shall not  exceed  the lesser  of the
                  Maximum  Permissible  Amount  or  any other  limitation
                  contained in this Plan. 

             (B)  Prior to the determination of the  Participant's actual
                  Compensation  for   a  Limitation  Year,   the  Maximum
                  Permissible Amount may  be determined  on the basis  of
                  the Participant's estimated annual  Compensation.  Such
                  Compensation  shall be determined on a reasonable basis
                  and shall be uniformly determined  for all Participants
                  similarly situated.   Any employer contributions  based
                  on  estimated annual Compensation  shall be  reduced by
                  any Excess Amounts carried over from prior years. 

             (C)  As soon as  is administratively feasible after  the end
                  of  the Limitation Year, the Maximum Permissible Amount
                  for such  Limitation Year  shall be  determined on  the
                  basis of the Participant's actual Compensation for such
                  Limitation Year.  In the  event a Participant separates
                  from the Service  of the Employer  prior to the end  of
                  the Limitation Year, the Maximum Permissible Amount for

                                        -48-
                                   Page 130 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  such  Participant shall  be  determined  prior  to  any
                  distribution of his Participant's Account on  the basis
                  of his actual  Compensation.  Any Excess  Amounts shall
                  be disposed of in accordance with Section 5.2 (D). 

             (D)  If  there  is  an  Excess  Amount  with  respect  to  a
                  Participant  for  a Limitation  Year as  a result  of a
                  reasonable error in estimating the Participant's annual
                  compensation,   an   allocation   of   forfeitures,   a
                  reasonable error in determining  the amount of elective
                  deferrals (within  the meaning of  section 402(g)(3) of
                  the  Code)  that  may  be  made  with  respect  to  any
                  individual under the limits of section 415 of the Code,
                  or under other  limited facts  and circumstances  which
                  the  commissioner finds  justified, such  Excess Amount
                  shall be disposed of as follows:

                  (1)  If an Excess  Amount exists, the Excess  Amount in
                       the  Participant's  Account   (excluding  Elective
                       Deferral Contributions) shall be  held unallocated
                       in a suspense account for  the Limitation Year and
                       allocated and reallocated  in the next  Limitation
                       Year to  all Participants in the Plan.  The excess
                       amount   must   be   used   to   reduce   Employer
                       Contributions for  the next  Limitation Year  (and
                       succeeding Limitation Years, as necessary) for all
                       of  the Participants in the Plan.  For purposes of
                       this subparagraph, the  Excess Amount  may not  be
                       distributed    to    Participants     or    former
                       Participants. 

                  (2)  If, after  the application of  subparagraph (1) an
                       Excess Amount still exists, then the Participant's
                       Elective    Deferral    Contributions   (including
                       earnings  and losses  thereon)  allocated for  the
                       Limitation   Year  shall   be   returned  to   the
                       Participant  to the extent  that an  Excess Amount
                       exists.  This  distribution shall be made  as soon
                       as  administratively  feasible  after  the  Excess
                       Amount  is  determined.    Any  Elective  Deferral
                       Contributions returned under this  paragraph shall
                       be disregarded for purposes of the Actual Deferral
                       Percentage Test. 

                  (3)  Alternatively, the Plan Administrator may elect to
                       dispose  of  the  Excess  Amount  by  applying the
                       procedure in subparagraph (2) before applying  the
                       procedure  in  subparagraph  (1).    If  the  Plan
                       Administrator  makes  this   election,  the   Plan
                       Administrator  must  apply  it  uniformly  to  all
                       Participants in a Limitation Year. 

                                        -49-
                                   Page 131 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (4)  If a suspense  account is in existence at any time
                       during a Limitation Year pursuant to this section,
                       it  will  not  participate in  the  allocation  of
                       investment gains or losses.  If a suspense account
                       is in existence  at any  time during a  particular
                       Limitation  Year,  all  amounts  in  the  suspense
                       account  must  be  allocated  and  reallocated  to
                       Participants'   Accounts   before   any   Employer
                       Contributions   which   would   constitute  Annual
                       Additions  may  be  made  to  the  Plan  for  that
                       Limitation Year. 

          5.3     LIMITATIONS  ON ALLOCATIONS.  If the Employer maintains
                  one or more  defined contribution plans in  addition to
                  this Plan:

             (A)  The amount of  Annual Additions which may  be allocated
                  under  this  Plan  on  a  Participant's  behalf  for  a
                  Limitation Year, shall not exceed the lesser of:

                  (1)  The Maximum Permissible Amount, reduced by the sum
                       of   any   Annual  Additions   allocated   to  the
                       Participant's Account for the same Limitation Year
                       under   this   Plan   and   such   other   defined
                       contribution plan; or

                  (2)  Any other limitation contained in this Plan. 

                  Prior to  the determination of the Participant's actual
                  Compensation  for  the  Limitation  Year,  the  amounts
                  referred to in  Subsection (1) above may  be determined
                  on  the basis  of  the Participant's  estimated  annual
                  Compensation for such Limitation  Year.  Such estimated
                  annual  Compensation  shall   be  determined  for   all
                  Participants similarly situated. 

                  Any   contribution  made  by   the  Employer  based  on
                  estimated annual  Compensation shall be reduced  by any
                  Excess  Amounts  carried  over  from  prior  years,  if
                  applicable. 

             (B)  As soon as  is administratively feasible after  the end
                  of  the  Limitation Year,  the  amounts referred  to in
                  Section 5.3 (A) shall be determined on the basis of the
                  Participant's actual Compensation  for such  Limitation
                  Year. 

             (C)  If amounts are  contributed to a  Participant's Account
                  under this Plan  on an allocation  date which does  not
                  coincide with the allocation date(s) for all such other
                  plans,  and if a  Participant's Annual  Additions under
                  this Plan and all such other  plans result in an Excess

                                        -50-
                                   Page 132 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Amount,  such  Excess Amount  shall  be deemed  to have
                  derived from those contributions last allocated. 

             (D)  If an  Excess Amount was allocated to  a Participant on
                  an allocation date of this Plan which coincides with an
                  allocation  date  of another  plan,  the Excess  Amount
                  attributable to this  Plan will be  the product of  (1)
                  and (2) below:

                  (1)  The total Excess Amount allocated  as of such date
                       (including  any  amount  which  would  have   been
                       allocated  but  for  the limitations  of  Internal
                       Revenue Code section 415). 

                  (2)  The  ratio  of  (1) the  amount  allocated  to the
                       Participant  as  of  such  date  under this  Plan,
                       divided by (2)  the total  amount allocated as  of
                       such date under all qualified defined contribution
                       plans   (determined   without   regard    to   the
                       limitations of Internal Revenue Code section 415).


             (E)  Any Excess  Amounts attributed  to this  Plan shall  be
                  disposed of as provided in Section 5.2 (D). 

          5.4     LIMITATIONS ON ALLOCATIONS.   If the Employer maintains
                  a defined benefit plan in addition to this Plan:

             (A)  If an individual is  a Participant at any time  in both
                  this Plan and a defined benefit plan  maintained by the
                  Employer, the sum of the  Defined Benefit Plan Fraction
                  and the Defined Contribution Plan Fraction for any year
                  may not  exceed 1.0.  In the event  that the sum of the
                  Defined  Contribution  Plan  Fraction  and the  Defined
                  Benefit  Plan   Fraction  exceeds   1.0,  the   Defined
                  Contribution Plan  Fraction will  be reduced until  the
                  sum of the  Defined Contribution Plan Fraction  and the
                  Defined Benefit Plan Fraction does not exceed 1.0. 

                  If an individual was  a Participant in this Plan  or in
                  any other defined  contribution plan maintained  by the
                  Employer which  was in existence  on July 1,  1982, the
                  numerator  of  the Defined  Contribution  Plan Fraction
                  will be adjusted if the sum of the Defined Contribution
                  Plan  Fraction and  the Defined  Benefit Plan  Fraction
                  would  otherwise  exceed 1.0  under  the terms  of this
                  Plan.   Under the  adjustment, an  amount equal  to the
                  product of (1) the  excess of the sum of  the Fractions
                  over  1.0  times  (2) the  denominator  of  the Defined
                  Contribution   Plan   Fraction,  will   be  permanently
                  subtracted   from   the   numerator  of   the   Defined
                  Contribution  Plan   Fraction.     The  adjustment   is
                  calculated  using  the  Fractions  as  they  would   be

                                        -51-
                                   Page 133 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  computed  as  of  the later  of  the  end  of the  last
                  Limitation  Year beginning before  January 1,  1983, or
                  June 30, 1983.  This adjustment also will be made if at
                  the end of  the last  Limitation Year beginning  before
                  January 1, 1984, the  sum of the Fractions exceeds  1.0
                  because of accruals or additions  that were made before
                  the limitations of this Article became effective to any
                  plans of the Employer in existence on July 1, 1982. 

                  In addition, if an individual was a Participant in this
                  Plan  or   in  any  other   defined  contribution  plan
                  maintained by the  Employer which  was in existence  on
                  May 6, 1986, the numerator  of the Defined Contribution
                  Plan  Fraction  will  be  adjusted  if  the  Employer's
                  defined benefit  plan was also  in existence on  May 6,
                  1986,  and  the sum  of  the Defined  Contribution Plan
                  Fraction and  the Defined  Benefit Plan  Fraction would
                  otherwise  exceed  1.0 under  the  terms of  this Plan.
                  Under the adjustment, an amount equal to the product of
                  (1) the excess  of the  sum of the  Fractions over  1.0
                  times (2) the  denominator of the Defined  Contribution
                  Plan Fraction,  will be permanently subtracted from the
                  numerator of  the Defined  Contribution Plan  Fraction.
                  This adjustment  is calculated  using the  Fractions as
                  they  would  be computed  as  of  the end  of  the last
                  Limitation Year beginning  before January 1, 1987.   In
                  the event that  a Participant's  accrued benefit as  of
                  December  31,  1986,  under  the defined  benefit  plan
                  exceeds the defined benefit dollar limitation set forth
                  in Internal Revenue Code section 415(b)(1),  the amount
                  of  that  accrued benefit  shall  be used  in  both the
                  numerator and  the denominator of  the Defined  Benefit
                  Plan Fraction in making this adjustment.

                  For purposes of  this Section 5.4, all  defined benefit
                  plans of the Employer, whether  or not terminated, will
                  be treated as  one defined benefit plan and all defined
                  contribution  plans of  the  Employer,  whether or  not
                  terminated, will be treated as one defined contribution
                  plan. 

             (B)  The Defined  Benefit Plan  Fraction for  any year  is a
                  fraction, the numerator of  which is the  Participant's
                  Projected Annual Benefit under the defined benefit plan
                  (determined as of  the close  of the Limitation  Year),
                  and the denominator  of which is  the lesser of (1)  or
                  (2) below:

                  (1)  1.25 times the  dollar limitation in effect  under
                       Internal Revenue Code section 415(b)(1)(A) on  the
                       last day of the Limitation Year; or

                                        -52-
                                   Page 134 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (2)  1.4  times  the  amount which  may  be  taken into
                       account  under  Internal   Revenue  Code   section
                       415(b)(1)(B) with respect  to such Participant for
                       the Limitation Year. 

                  Notwithstanding the  above, if  the  Participant was  a
                  participant  in  one  or  more  defined  benefit  plans
                  maintained by the  Employer which were in  existence on
                  July 1, 1982,  the denominator  of the Defined  Benefit
                  Plan Fraction will  not be less than 125% of the sum of
                  the  annual   benefits  under  such   plans  which  the
                  Participant had accrued as  of the later of the  end of
                  the  last Limitation  Year beginning before  January 1,
                  1983 or  June 30, 1983.  The preceding sentence applies
                  only if the  defined benefit plans individually  and in
                  the aggregate  satisfied the  requirements of  Internal
                  Revenue Code section 415 as in effect at the end of the
                  1982 Limitation Year. 

             (C)  A  Participant's Projected  Annual Benefit is  equal to
                  the annual benefit  to which  the Participant would  be
                  entitled under the  terms of  the defined benefit  plan
                  based upon the following assumptions:

                  (1)  The  Participant  will  continue employment  until
                       reaching Normal Retirement Age as determined under
                       the terms of the plan (or  current age, if that is
                       later);

                  (2)  The Participant's Compensation for  the Limitation
                       Year  under  consideration  will  remain the  same
                       until  the date  the  Participant attains  the age
                       described    in    sub-division   (1)    of   this
                       subparagraph; and

                  (3)  All  other  relevant  factors  used  to  determine
                       benefits  under the plan  for the  Limitation Year
                       under consideration  will remain constant  for all
                       future Limitation Years. 

             (D)  The  Defined   Contribution  Plan   Fraction  for   any
                  Limitation Year is  a fraction, the numerator  of which
                  is the sum of the Annual Additions to the Participant's
                  Accounts  in  such Limitation  Year  and for  all prior
                  Limitation Years, and  the denominator of which  is the
                  lesser of (1) or (2) below for such Limitation Year and
                  for all  prior Limitation  Years of  such Participant's
                  employment  (assuming for  this purpose,  that Internal
                  Revenue Code section  415(c) had been in  effect during
                  such prior Limitation Years):

                                        -53-
                                   Page 135 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (1)  1.25 times the dollar  limitation in effect  under
                       Internal Revenue Code section 415(c)(1)(A) on  the
                       last day of the Limitation Year; or

                  (2)  1.4  times  the  amount which  may  be  taken into
                       account  under  Internal   Revenue  Code   section
                       415(c)(1)(B) with respect to  such Participant for
                       the Limitation Year. 

                  For the  purposes of  determining these  Limitations on
                  Allocations, any non-deductible  employee contributions
                  made under a defined benefit plan will be considered to
                  be a  separate defined  contribution plan  and will  be
                  considered to be part  of the Annual Additions for  the
                  appropriate Limitation Year. 

                  Annual Additions  for  any  Limitation  Year  beginning
                  before  January  1, 1987,  shall  not be  recomputed to
                  treat all Employee Contributions as Annual Additions. 

             (E)  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  at the election of  the
                  Plan   Administrator,   in   computing    the   Defined
                  Contribution Plan  Fraction  with respect  to any  Plan
                  Year ending  after December  31, 1982,  the denominator
                  shall be an amount equal to the product of:

                  (1)  The denominator  of the Defined  Contribution Plan
                       Fraction, computed in accordance with the rules in
                       effect for the Plan Year ending in 1982; and

                  (2)  the transition fraction, which is a fraction

                       (a)  the numerator of which is the lesser of:

                            (i)  $51,875, or

                            (ii) 1.4 times 25% of the Compensation of the
                                 Participant for the Plan Year ending  in
                                 1981, and

                       (b)  the denominator of which is the lesser of:

                            (i)  $41,500, or

                            (ii) 25%   of   the   Compensation   of   the
                                 Participant for the Plan  Year ending in
                                 1981.




                                        -54-
                                   Page 136 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE VI
                              DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS
                              ------------------------


          6.1     DISTRIBUTIONS  IN GENERAL.  Each Participant may elect,
                  with his Spouse's  consent if required, a  distribution
                  in the form of  an Annuity, a single sum  cash payment,
                  Employer  stock,  or a  combination  of the  above. All
                  distributions are subject to  the provisions of Article
                  VIII, Joint and Survivor Annuity Requirements. 

             Distributions of Employer stock are limited to the value  of
             the Participant's Employer  Stock Account and shall  be made
             by the Trustee. 

             Once the 401(k) termination form has been received,  it will
             take  up  to six  months for  a  Participant to  receive all
             distributions. 

          6.2     TIMING  OF   DISTRIBUTIONS.     If  the   value  of   a
                  Participant's Vested Interest exceeds  (or at the  time
                  of  any  prior  distribution  exceeded)  $3,500 and  is
                  immediately distributable (as  defined in Section 8.5),
                  the  Participant  and  his  Spouse,  if  required, must
                  consent to the distribution before it is made. 

             Instead of consenting to a distribution, the Participant may
             make  a written  election to  defer the  distribution for  a
             specified  period  of   time  ending   no  later  than   the
             Participant's Normal Retirement Age.  Such election to defer
             shall be irrevocable. 

             If the Participant and Spouse, if applicable, do not consent
             to a distribution or if no election to defer  is made within
             90  days  after  receiving  a  written  explanation  of  the
             optional forms of  benefit available pursuant to  Income Tax
             Regulation 1.411(a)(11), all benefits  shall be deferred to,
             and  distribution  shall  be made  as  of  the Participant's
             Normal Retirement Age.  The distribution will be made in the
             form  of a  single  sum  cash  payment (in  the  case  of  a
             Participant's meeting the  requirements of Section 8.1  (A))
             or  in  accordance  with  Section  8.2  (in the  case  of  a
             Participant's  not meeting the  requirements of  Section 8.1
             (A)), unless the Participant elects  another form of benefit
             within the 90-day  period prior to the date the distribution
             is made. 

             A Participant whose  actual retirement date  is on or  after
             his  Normal   Retirement  Age   may  not   elect  to   defer
             distribution of  his benefit beyond  the date of  his actual
             retirement. 

                                        -55-
                                   Page 137 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             If the value of a Participant's Vested Interest is $3,500 or
             less at the time it  becomes payable, the distribution shall
             be made  in the form of a single  sum cash payment and shall
             be made  upon such Participant's  Termination of Employment.
             Such a distribution may not be deferred. 

             Unless  the  Participant elects  otherwise,  the  payment of
             benefits under this Plan to the Participant shall  begin not
             later than the 60th day after the close of the Plan  Year in
             which the later of (A) or (B), below, occurs:

             (A)  the date on  which the  Participant attains his  Normal
                  Retirement Age or age 62, if later; or

             (B)  the  date  on  which  the  Participant  terminates  his
                  Service (including Termination of  Employment, death or
                  Disability) with the Employer. 

             Notwithstanding the foregoing, the  failure of a Participant
             and Spouse, if required, to  consent to a distribution while
             a benefit is immediately distributable shall be deemed to be
             an election to defer commencement of payment of any  benefit
             sufficient to satisfy the above paragraph. 

          6.3     DISTRIBUTION    LIMITATION.        Elective    Deferral
                  Contributions, Qualified Nonelective  Contributions and
                  Qualified Matching Contributions, and  income allocable
                  to each, are  not distributable to  a Participant or  a
                  Beneficiary, in  accordance with such  Participant's or
                  Beneficiary's   election,   earlier   than   upon   the
                  Participant's  Termination  of  Employment,  death,  or
                  disability. 

             Such amounts may also be distributed upon:

             (A)  Termination of  the Plan  without the establishment  or
                  maintenance of a successor plan. 

                  For purposes of this paragraph, a successor plan is any
                  other defined contribution plan  maintained by the same
                  employer.   However, if fewer  than two percent  of the
                  Employees who are  eligible under the Plan  at the time
                  of its termination  are or were eligible  under another
                  defined contribution  plan at  any time  during the  24
                  month period beginning 12 months before the time of the
                  termination, the other  plan is  not a successor  plan.
                  The term "defined contribution plan"  means a plan that
                  is a defined  contribution plan  as defined in  section
                  414(i) of the  Code, but does  not include an  employee
                  stock ownership plan  as defined in section  4975(e) or
                  409 of  the Code  or a  simplified employee  pension as
                  defined in section  408(k) of the  Code.  A  plan is  a
                  successor plan only if  it exists at the time  the Plan

                                        -56-
                                   Page 138 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  is terminated  or within  the period  ending 12  months
                  after distribution of all assets from the Plan. 

                  After March 31, 1988, a distribution may be made  under
                  this paragraph only if  it is a lump sum  distribution.
                  The term "lump  sum distribution" has the  same meaning
                  provided  in  section 402(e)(4)  of  the  Code, without
                  regard to subparagraphs (A)(i)  through (iv), (B),  and
                  (H) of that section. 

             (B)  The  disposition  by  the  Employer  to  an   unrelated
                  corporation of substantially all the assets (within the
                  meaning of  section 409(b)(2) of the Code)  used in the
                  trade  or  business  of the  Employer  if  the Employer
                  continues to  maintain this Plan after the disposition.
                  However,   a  distribution  may   be  made  under  this
                  paragraph only to an  Employee who continues employment
                  with the corporation acquiring such assets. 

                  In addition, this requirement is  satisfied only if the
                  purchaser  does  not   maintain  the  Plan  after   the
                  disposition.   A purchaser  maintains the  plan of  the
                  seller if  it adopts the  plan or otherwise  becomes an
                  employer  whose  employees  accrue benefits  under  the
                  Plan.  A purchaser also maintains  the Plan if the Plan
                  is  merged  or  consolidated  with,  or any  assets  or
                  liabilities are  transferred from  the Plan  to a  plan
                  maintained by the purchaser in a transaction subject to
                  section  414(l)(1) of  the Code.   A  purchaser is  not
                  treated as maintaining the Plan merely because the Plan
                  that  it  maintains accepts  rollover  contributions of
                  amounts distributed by the Plan. 

                  For   purposes   of  this   paragraph,   the  sale   of
                  "substantially  all"  the  assets used  in  a  trade or
                  business means the sale  of at least 85 percent  of the
                  assets. 

                  After March 31, 1988, a distribution may  be made under
                  this paragraph  only if it is a  lump sum distribution.
                  The term "lump  sum distribution" has the  same meaning
                  provided  in  section 402(e)(4)  of  the  Code, without
                  regard to subparagraphs (A)(i)  through (iv), (B),  and
                  (H) of that section. 

             (C)  The disposition by the Employer  to an unrelated entity
                  or  individual   of  the   Employer's  interest   in  a
                  subsidiary  (within the meaning of section 409(d)(3) of
                  the Code) if  the Employer  continues to maintain  this
                  Plan. However, a  distribution may  be made under  this
                  paragraph only to an Employee who  continues employment
                  with such subsidiary. 

                                        -57-
                                   Page 139 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  In addition, this requirement is  satisfied only if the
                  purchaser   does  not  maintain   the  Plan  after  the
                  disposition.   A purchaser  maintains the  plan of  the
                  seller if it  adopts the plan  or otherwise becomes  an
                  employer whose  employees  accrue  benefits  under  the
                  Plan.  A purchaser also maintains  the Plan if the Plan
                  is  merged  or  consolidated  with,  or any  assets  or
                  liabilities are  transferred from  the Plan  to a  plan
                  maintained by the purchaser in a transaction subject to
                  section  414(l)(1) of  the Code.   A  purchaser  is not
                  treated as maintaining the Plan merely because the Plan
                  that  it maintains  accepts  rollover contributions  of
                  amounts distributed by the Plan. 

                  After March 31, 1988, a  distribution may be made under
                  this paragraph only if  it is a lump  sum distribution.
                  The term "lump  sum distribution" has the  same meaning
                  provided  in section  402(e)(4)  of the  Code,  without
                  regard to  subparagraphs (A)(i) through (iv),  (B), and
                  (H) of that section. 

             (D)  In the  case of  Elective Deferral Contributions  only,
                  the attainment of  age 59-1/2, as described  in Section
                  10.1 of the Plan. 

             (E)  In the  case of  Elective Deferral  Contributions only,
                  the  hardship  of  the  Participant,  as  described  in
                  Section 10.2 of the Plan. 

          6.4     COMMENCEMENT  OF  DISTRIBUTIONS.   Notwithstanding  the
                  provisions  of  the preceding  Timing  of Distributions
                  Section, distributions  to a Participant  will commence
                  no later than  the date  determined in accordance  with
                  the provisions of this Section. 

             Distribution to a  Participant must  commence no later  than
             the required beginning  date.  The first  required beginning
             date  of a  Participant is  the first  day of  April  of the
             calendar  year  following  the calendar  year  in  which the
             Participant attains age 70-1/2. 

             The required beginning date of a Participant who attains age
             70-1/2 before January  1, 1988,  shall be the  first day  of
             April of  the calendar year  following the calendar  year in
             which  the later of  retirement or attainment  of age 70-1/2
             occurs, provided the Participant  was not a 5% owner  in the
             Plan  Year  ending in  the  year  in which  the  Participant
             attained age 66-1/2 or  any later Plan Year.   A Participant
             is treated as  a 5%  owner for purposes  of this section  if
             such Participant is a 5% owner  as defined in section 416(i)
             of the Code  (determined in accordance with  section 416 but
             without  regard  to whether  the  Plan is  Top-Heavy).   The
             required beginning date of  a Participant who is a  5% owner

                                        -58-
                                   Page 140 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
             during any year  beginning after December  31, 1979, is  the
             first day of April following the later of:

             (A)  the calendar year in which the Participant attained age
                  70-1/2, or

             (B)  the earlier of the  calendar year with or  within which
                  ends  the Plan Year in which  the Participant becomes a
                  5% owner, or the calendar year in which the Participant
                  retires. 

             Once distributions  have  begun to  a  5% owner  under  this
             section, they  must continue to be distributed,  even if the
             Participant ceases to  be a 5%  owner in a subsequent  year.
             Distribution to such Participant must commence no later than
             the first day of April following  the calendar year in which
             the Participant's Termination of Employment occurs. 

             If distribution to any  Participant is made in other  than a
             single sum payment, the second  payment shall be distributed
             no later than the December 31 following the April 1 by which
             the  first  payment  was required  to  be  distributed. Each
             succeeding payment shall  be distributed no later  than each
             December 31 thereafter. 

          6.5     DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS. 

             (A)  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in Article  VIII,  the
                  requirements  of   this  Section  shall  apply  to  any
                  distribution of a Participant's Accrued Benefit. 

             (B)  All distributions required under this Article shall  be
                  determined and made  in accordance with the  Income Tax
                  Regulations  under  section  401(a)(9),  including  the
                  minimum distribution incidental benefit  requirement of
                  section 1.401(a)(9)-2 of the regulations. 

             (C)  Limits  on Settlement  Options.  Distributions, if  not
                  made in a  lump sum, may only  be made over one  of the
                  following periods (or a combination thereof):

                  (1)  the life of the Participant,

                  (2)  the  life  of  the  Participant  and a  designated
                       Beneficiary,

                  (3)  a  period certain  not extending  beyond the  life
                       expectancy of the Participant, or

                  (4)  a period  certain not  extending beyond the  joint
                       and  last survivor  expectancy of  the Participant
                       and a designated Beneficiary.

                                        -59-
                                   Page 141 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
             (D)  Minimum Amounts to be Distributed. 

                  (1)  If the Participant's entire  Vested Interest is to
                       be distributed in other than a lump sum, then  the
                       amount  to  be distributed  each  year must  be at
                       least an amount equal to  the quotient obtained by
                       dividing the Participant's entire  Vested Interest
                       by the life  expectancy of the Participant  or the
                       joint   and  last   survivor  expectancy   of  the
                       Participant  and  designated  Beneficiary.    Life
                       expectancy and joint and last survivor  expectancy
                       are computed by  the use  of the return  multiples
                       contained  in  section 1.72-9  of  the Income  Tax
                       Regulations.  For purposes of  this computation, a
                       Participant's life expectancy may  be recalculated
                       no  more  frequently than  annually;  however, the
                       life expectancy  of a  Beneficiary other  than the
                       Participant's Spouse may not be recalculated. 

                  (2)  If  the Participant's Spouse is not the designated
                       Beneficiary, the method  of distribution  selected
                       must assure that at least 50% of the present value
                       of  the amount available  for distribution is paid
                       within the life expectancy of the Participant. 

                  (3)  For calendar  years beginning  after December  31,
                       1988,  the  amount to  be  distributed each  year,
                       beginning   with   distributions  for   the  first
                       distribution calendar year, shall not be less than
                       the    quotient    obtained   by    dividing   the
                       Participant's  benefit by  the lesser  of (1)  the
                       applicable   life  expectancy   or   (2)  if   the
                       Participant's   Spouse   is  not   the  designated
                       Beneficiary,  the  applicable  divisor  determined
                       from  the  table  set forth  in  Q&A-4  of section
                       1.401(a)(9)-2  of  the  Income   Tax  Regulations.
                       Distributions after the  death of the  Participant
                       shall  be distributed  using  the applicable  life
                       expectancy  in  subsection  (d)(1)  above  as  the
                       relevant  divisor  without  regard to  regulations
                       section 1.401(a)(9)-2. 

                  (4)  The   minimum   distribution   required  for   the
                       Participant's  first  distribution  calendar  year
                       must  be  made  on  or  before  the  Participant's
                       required beginning date.  The minimum distribution
                       for other  calendar years,  including the  minimum
                       distribution for the distribution calendar year in
                       which  the  Employee's  required   beginning  date
                       occurs, must be made  on or before December 31  of
                       that distribution calendar year. 


                                        -60-
                                   Page 142 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
          6.6     NON-TRANSFERABLE.    The  Participant's  right  to  any
                  Annuity  payments,   benefits,  and   refunds  is   not
                  transferable and shall be free  from the claims of  all
                  creditors to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

          6.7     DEATH DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS.  If the Participant dies
                  before distribution of  his Vested Interest  commences,
                  the following provisions shall apply:

             (A)  If a distribution is to be  made to a Beneficiary other
                  than the Surviving Spouse:

                  (1)  If the present  value of the  Participant's Vested
                       Interest  exceeds  (or at  the  time of  any prior
                       distribution   exceeded)   $3,500,    unless   the
                       Beneficiary elects another  form of  distribution,
                       that portion of the Participant's Vested  Interest
                       payable to the Beneficiary will be distributed  in
                       the form  of a  single sum  cash payment within  a
                       reasonable   period  of   time   after  the   Plan
                       Administrator  is  notified  of the  Participant's
                       death. 

                  (2)  If the  present value of the  Participant's Vested
                       Interest is $3,500 or less at  the time it becomes
                       payable, the distribution shall  always be made in
                       the form of a single sum cash payment and shall be
                       paid within a reasonable period  of time after the
                       Plan    Administrator    is   notified    of   the
                       Participant's death. 

             (B)  If the distribution is to be  made to a Beneficiary who
                  is the Surviving Spouse, such distribution will be made
                  in accordance with the following:

                  (1)  If  the  Participant  had  never  elected  a  life
                       Annuity form of distribution under the Plan:

                       (a)  If  the present  value  of the  Participant's
                            Vested Interest  exceeds (or  at the  time of
                            any  prior  distribution   exceeded)  $3,500,
                            unless  the  surviving spouse  elects another
                            form  of  distribution, that  portion  of the
                            Participant's Vested Interest payable  to the
                            Surviving Spouse  will be distributed  in the
                            form of a  single sum  cash payment within  a
                            reasonable period  of  time  after  the  Plan
                            Administrator    is    notified     of    the
                            Participant's death. 

                       (b)  If  the present  value  of the  Participant's
                            Vested  Interest  payable  to  the  Surviving
                            Spouse  is  $3,500  or less  at  the  time it

                                        -61-
                                   Page 143 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                            becomes  payable,   the  distribution   shall
                            always be  made in the  form of a  single sum
                            cash  payment  and  shall be  made  within  a
                            reasonable  period  of  time  after the  Plan
                            Administrator    is    notified     of    the
                            Participant's death. 

                  (2)  If the Participant had  previously elected a  life
                       Annuity form of distribution under the Plan:

                       (a)  If  the present  value  of the  Participant's
                            Vested Interest  exceeds (or  at the  time of
                            any prior distribution  exceeded) $3,500  and
                            is immediately distributable  (as defined  in
                            Section  8.5),  the  Surviving   Spouse  must
                            consent  to  the  distribution  before it  is
                            made.    If  the Surviving  Spouse  does  not
                            consent to a distribution, all benefits shall
                            be deferred to a date  that complies with the
                            terms of Section 6.8 (B).

                            The distribution shall be  made in accordance
                            with the provisions of Section 8.3. 

                       (b)  If  the  present value  of  the Participant's
                            Vested Interest is $3,500 or less at the time
                            it  becomes  payable, the  distribution shall
                            always be made  in the form  of a single  sum
                            cash  payment and  shall  be  paid  within  a
                            reasonable  period  of  time after  the  Plan
                            Administrator    is    notified     of    the
                            Participant's death. 

          6.8     DEATH DISTRIBUTION COMMENCEMENT  DATE.  Upon  the death
                  of   the   Participant,   the  following   distribution
                  provisions shall take effect:

             (A)  If  the  Participant  dies after  distribution  of  his
                  entire  Vested Interest  has  commenced, the  remaining
                  portion of  such Vested  Interest will  continue to  be
                  distributed at  least as rapidly as under the method of
                  distribution  being  used  prior to  the  Participant's
                  death. 

                  In  no event  shall distribution  of the  Participant's
                  remaining  Vested Interest be made  in a lump sum after
                  the  Participant's death  unless  such distribution  is
                  consented   to,  in   writing,  by   the  Participant's
                  Surviving Spouse, if any. 

             (B)  If the  Participant  dies before  distribution  of  his
                  Vested  Interest  commences,  the Participant's  entire
                  Vested Interest will be distributed  no later than five

                                        -62-
                                   Page 144 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  years  after the  Participant's  death  except  to  the
                  extent   that   an   election   is   made  to   receive
                  distributions in accordance with (1) or (2) below:

                  (1)  If  any   portion  of  the   Participant's  Vested
                       Interest is  payable to a  designated Beneficiary,
                       distributions may be  made in substantially  equal
                       installments over the life  or life expectancy  of
                       the  designated Beneficiary (or  over a period not
                       extending  beyond  the  life  expectancy  of  such
                       Beneficiary), commencing  no later  than one  year
                       after the Participant's death;

                  (2)  If the designated Beneficiary is the Participant's
                       Surviving  Spouse,  the  date   distributions  are
                       required to  begin  in accordance  with (1)  above
                       shall not  be earlier than  the date on  which the
                       Participant  would  have   attained  age   70-1/2.
                       However, the  Surviving Spouse  may elect,  at any
                       time following  the Participant's death,  to defer
                       the date on  which distributions will begin  until
                       no later than  the date  on which the  Participant
                       would have attained age 70-1/2  and, if the Spouse
                       dies    before    payments    begin,    subsequent
                       distributions shall be  made as if the  Spouse had
                       been the Participant. 

             (C)  For purposes of (B) above,  payments will be calculated
                  by use  of the  return multiples  specified in  section
                  1.72-9 of the Income Tax  Regulations.  Life expectancy
                  of  a Surviving  Spouse may  be recalculated  annually;
                  however,   in  the   case   of  any   other  designated
                  Beneficiary, such life expectancy will be calculated at
                  the  time  payment  first   commences  without  further
                  recalculation. 

             (D)  For  purposes  of  this   Section  (Death  Distribution
                  Commencement Date)  any amount paid  to a child  of the
                  Participant will be treated  as if it had been  paid to
                  the Surviving Spouse  if the amount becomes  payable to
                  the Surviving  Spouse when the child reaches the age of
                  majority. 

          6.9     ALTERNATE  PAYEE  SPECIAL  DISTRIBUTION.  Distributions
                  pursuant  to Section 16.8 may be made without regard to
                  the age or employment status of the Participant. 





                                        -63-

                                   Page 145 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE VI-A
                                  DIRECT ROLLOVERS
                                  ----------------


          6A.1    Notwithstanding  any  provision  of  the  Plan  to  the
                  contrary  that  would otherwise  limit  a Distributee's
                  election under this Article,  a Distributee may  elect,
                  at the time  and in the  manner prescribed by the  Plan
                  Administrator,  to  have  any portion  of  an  Eligible
                  Rollover Distribution  paid  directly  to  an  Eligible
                  Retirement  Plan  specified  by the  Distributee  in  a
                  Direct  Rollover, except  as otherwise provided  by the
                  Employer's  administrative  procedures as  permitted by
                  regulations.   In addition, a Distributee's election of
                  a Direct  Rollover shall  be subject  to the  following
                  requirements:

             (A)  If the Distributee elects to have  only a portion of an
                  Eligible Rollover  Distribution  paid  to  an  Eligible
                  Retirement Plan in a Direct Rollover, that portion must
                  be equal to at least $500. 

             (B)  If  the  entire  amount  of  a  Distributee's  Eligible
                  Rollover Distribution is $500 or less, the distribution
                  may not  be divided.  Instead, the  entire amount  must
                  either be  paid to  the Distributee or  to an  Eligible
                  Retirement Plan in a Direct Rollover. 

             (C)  A  Distributee may not  elect a Direct  Rollover if the
                  Distributee's Eligible Rollover Distributions  during a
                  year are reasonably expected by the Plan  Administrator
                  to total  less than $200  (or any lower  minimum amount
                  specified by the Plan Administrator). 

             (D)  A Distributee  may not  elect a Direct  Rollover of  an
                  Offset Amount.

             (E)  A Distributee's election to make  or not make a  Direct
                  Rollover  with respect  to one payment  in a  series of
                  periodic  payments   shall  apply  to   all  subsequent
                  payments in the series, except that a Distributee shall
                  be permitted at  any time  to change,  with respect  to
                  subsequent payments in the series of periodic payments,
                  a  previous  election to  make  or  not  make a  Direct
                  Rollover.  A  change of election shall  be accomplished
                  by the Distributee notifying  the Plan Administrator of
                  the change.  Such notice must be in the form and manner
                  prescribed by the Plan Administrator. 

          6A.2    Definitions. 

                                       -64-
                                   Page 146 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             (A)  Direct Rollover:  A Direct Rollover is a payment by the
                  plan to the  Eligible Retirement Plan specified  by the
                  Distributee.

             (B)  Distributee:   A  Distributee includes  an Employee  or
                  former Employee.  In addition, the Employee's or former
                  Employee's  Surviving  Spouse  and  the  Employee's  or
                  former  Employee's Spouse  who is  the  alternate payee
                  under a qualified domestic relations order,  as defined
                  in section 414(p)  of the  Code, are Distributees  with
                  regard to the interest of the Spouse or former Spouse. 

             (C)  Eligible  Retirement Plan:  An Eligible Retirement Plan
                  is  an  individual  retirement  account  described   in
                  section 408(a)  of the  code, an individual  retirement
                  annuity described  in section  408(b) of  the Code,  an
                  annuity plan described  in section 403(a) of  the Code,
                  or a qualified trust described in section 401(a) of the
                  Code, that accepts the  Distributee's Eligible Rollover
                  Distribution.    However, in  the  case of  an Eligible
                  Rollover  Distribution  to  the  Surviving  Spouse,  an
                  Eligible Retirement  Plan is  an individual  retirement
                  account or an individual retirement annuity.

             (D)  Eligible Rollover Distribution:   An Eligible  Rollover
                  Distribution is any distribution of  all or any portion
                  of the balance to the credit of the Distributee, except
                  that  an  Eligible   Rollover  Distribution  does   not
                  include: any  distribution that is  one of a  series of
                  substantially   equal   periodic  payments   (not  less
                  frequently than annually)  made for  the life (or  life
                  expectancy) of the  Distributee or the joint  lives (or
                  joint  life expectancies)  of the  Distributee and  the
                  Distributee's   designated   beneficiary,   or  for   a
                  specified period of ten years or more; any distribution
                  to  the extent  such  distribution  is  required  under
                  section  401(a)(9) of the Code;  and the portion of any
                  distribution  that is  not includible  in gross  income
                  (determined  without regard  to  the exclusion  for net
                  unrealized  appreciation  with   respect  to   employer
                  securities). 

             (E)  Offset Amount:  An Offset Amount is the amount by which
                  a Participant's Account is reduced to repay a loan from
                  the  Plan  (including  the enforcement  of  the  Plan's
                  security interest in the Participant's Account). 





                                        -65-
                                   Page 147 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE VII
                                RETIREMENT BENEFITS
                                -------------------


          7.1     NORMAL RETIREMENT.    A  Participant  who  attains  his
                  Normal Retirement Age  shall have a Vesting  Percentage
                  of  100%.  If  a Participant  retires  from  the active
                  Service of the Employer on  his Normal Retirement Date,
                  he  shall be entitled to  receive a distribution of the
                  entire value  of his  Participant's Account  as of  his
                  Normal Retirement Date. 

          7.2     EARLY RETIREMENT.   A Participant who retires  from the
                  Service of the  Employer on  his Early Retirement  Date
                  shall have a  Vesting Percentage of  100% and shall  be
                  entitled to receive a distribution  of the entire value
                  of his Participant's Account as of his Early Retirement
                  Date. 

          7.3     LATE RETIREMENT.   A  Participant may  continue in  the
                  Service  of the  Employer after  his  Normal Retirement
                  Age, and  in such  event he  shall retire  on his  Late
                  Retirement Date.  Such Participant  shall continue as a
                  Participant under this Plan until such Late  Retirement
                  Date.  The Participant shall  have a Vesting Percentage
                  of 100% and shall be entitled to receive a distribution
                  of the entire  value of his Participant's Account as of
                  his Late Retirement Date. 

          7.4     DISABILITY RETIREMENT. A  Participant who retires  from
                  the Service of  the Employer  on account of  Disability
                  shall have  a Vesting Percentage  of 100% and  shall be
                  entitled to receive a distribution  of the entire value
                  of  his  Participant's  Account  as of  his  Disability
                  Retirement Date. 














                                        -66-
                                   Page 148 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE VIII
                      JOINT AND SURVIVOR ANNUITY REQUIREMENTS
                       --------------------------------------


          8.1     GENERAL.  The  provisions of  this  Article shall  take
                  precedence over any conflicting provision in this Plan.

             The  provisions  of   this  Article   shall  apply  to   any
             Participant who  is  credited  with at  least  one  Hour  of
             Service with the Employer  on or after August 23,  1984, and
             such other Participants as provided in Section 8.7, unless:

             (A)  upon  the  death of  the Participant  the Participant's
                  entire   Vested  Interest   will   be   paid   to   the
                  Participant's Surviving  Spouse,  but if  there  is  no
                  Surviving  Spouse,  or,  if the  Surviving  Spouse  has
                  already consented in a manner conforming to a Qualified
                  Election,   then   to   the  Participant's   designated
                  Beneficiary;

             (B)  the Participant does not elect payments in the form  of
                  a Life Annuity and has  not previously elected payments
                  in the form of a Life Annuity under the Plan, and

             (C)  as to  the Participant,  the Plan  is not  a direct  or
                  indirect  transferee of  a defined benefit  plan, money
                  purchase  pension  plan  (including  a  target  benefit
                  plan), stock  bonus, or profit-sharing plan which would
                  otherwise provide for a Life Annuity form of payment to
                  the Participant. 

          8.2     PAYMENT  OF  QUALIFIED   JOINT  AND  SURVIVOR  ANNUITY.
                  Unless an optional form of benefit is selected pursuant
                  to a Qualified  Election within  the ninety-day  period
                  ending  on  the first  day  on  which  all events  have
                  occurred which entitle the Participant  to a benefit, a
                  married Participant's  Vested Interest will be  paid in
                  the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. 

             An  unmarried  Participant will  be  provided a  single Life
             Annuity  unless  the  Participant  elects  another  form  of
             benefit during the applicable Election Period. 

          8.3     PAYMENT  OF  QUALIFIED PRERETIREMENT  SURVIVOR ANNUITY.
                  Unless an optional  form of  benefit has been  selected
                  within  the Election  Period  pursuant  to a  Qualified
                  Election,  if  a married  Participant  dies before  his
                  Annuity Starting  Date, then  the Participant's  entire
                  Vested Interest,  less the  amount of  any unpaid  loan
                  balance outstanding  under  the terms  of Article  X-A,
                  shall be applied  toward the  purchase of an  immediate
                  Annuity for the  life of the  Surviving Spouse.  As  an

                                        -67-
                                   Page 149 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  alternative to receiving the benefit in this form of an
                  Annuity, the Surviving  Spouse may  elect to receive  a
                  single  cash  payment  or  any  other form  of  payment
                  provided for in the Plan within a reasonable time after
                  the Participant's death. 

          8.4     DEFINITIONS. 

             (A)  Election  Period:  The period which begins on the first
                  day  of the Plan Year  in which the Participant attains
                  age 35 and ends on the date of the Participant's death.
                  If a Participant  separates from  Service prior to  the
                  first day of the Plan Year in which age 35 is attained,
                  with respect to the  account balance as of the  date of
                  separation, the Election Period shall begin on the date
                  of separation. 

                  A Participant who has not attained age 35 as of the end
                  of  a Plan Year, may  make a special Qualified Election
                  to waive  the Qualified Preretirement  Survivor Annuity
                  for the period beginning on  the date of such  election
                  and ending on  the first day of the Plan  Year in which
                  the  Participant  will attain  age  35.   Such election
                  shall not be  valid unless  the Participant receives  a
                  written  explanation  of  the  Qualified  Preretirement
                  Survivor Annuity in such terms as are comparable to the
                  explanation  required under Section 8.6 (A).  Qualified
                  Preretirement   Survivor   Annuity  coverage   will  be
                  automatically reinstated  as of  the first  day of  the
                  Plan Year in which the Participant attains age 35.  Any
                  new waiver on  or after such  date shall be subject  to
                  the full requirements of this Article. 

             (B)  Qualified Election: A  waiver of a Qualified  Joint and
                  Survivor Annuity or a Qualified Preretirement  Survivor
                  Annuity. Any waiver  of a Qualified Joint  and Survivor
                  Annuity or a  Qualified Preretirement Survivor  Annuity
                  shall not  be effective  unless: (a)  the Participant's
                  Spouse consents  in writing  to the  election; (b)  the
                  election designates a  specific Beneficiary,  including
                  any  class   of   Beneficiaries   or   any   contingent
                  Beneficiaries, which may not be changed without spousal
                  consent (or the  Spouse expressly permits  designations
                  by  the   Participant  without   any  further   spousal
                  consent);  (c) the  Spouse's  consent acknowledges  the
                  effect of the election; and (d) the Spouse's consent is
                  witnessed by  a Plan  representative or  notary public.
                  Additionally, a  Participant's waiver of  the Qualified
                  Joint  and  Survivor  Annuity  shall not  be  effective
                  unless  the  election  designates  a  form  of  benefit
                  payment  which  may  not  be  changed  without  spousal
                  consent (or the  Spouse expressly permits  designations
                  by  the   Participant  without   any  further   spousal

                                        -68-
                                   Page 150 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  consent).  If  it is established to the satisfaction of
                  a Plan representative that such written  consent cannot
                  be obtained because:

                  (1)  there is no Spouse;

                  (2)  the Spouse cannot be located;

                  (3)  the  Participant is legally  separated or has been
                       abandoned within the meaning of local law, and the
                       Participant has a court order to such effect;

                  (4)  of other  circumstances as  the  Secretary of  the
                       Treasury may by regulations prescribe,

                  the  Participant's election to  waive coverage  will be
                  considered a Qualified Election. 

                  Any consent by  a Spouse obtained under  this provision
                  (or establishment that the consent  of a Spouse may not
                  be obtained) shall  be effective  only with respect  to
                  such Spouse.   A consent  that permits designations  by
                  the Participant  without  any  requirement  of  further
                  consent by such Spouse must acknowledge that the Spouse
                  has  the  right   to  limit   consent  to  a   specific
                  Beneficiary,  and  a  specific form  of  benefit  where
                  applicable, and that  the Spouse voluntarily  elects to
                  relinquish either or both of such rights.  A revocation
                  of a prior waiver may be  made by a Participant without
                  the  consent  of  the  Spouse at  any  time  before the
                  commencement of  benefits.   The number  of revocations
                  shall not be limited.   No consent obtained under  this
                  provision  shall be  valid unless  the Participant  has
                  received notice as provided in Section 8.6 below. 

             (C)  Qualified  Joint and  Survivor Annuity:    An immediate
                  Annuity for the life of the Participant with a survivor
                  Annuity for the  life of the  Spouse which is not  less
                  than 50%  and not more than  100% of the amount  of the
                  Annuity which is payable during the joint lives of  the
                  Participant and the Spouse  and which is the amount  of
                  benefit which can  be purchased with the  Participant's
                  entire  Vested   Interest.    If  no  survivor  Annuity
                  percentage  has  been  specified  in  an election,  the
                  percentage payable to the Spouse will be 50%. 

                  Notwithstanding the above paragraph, a Qualified  Joint
                  and Survivor Annuity for an unmarried Participant shall
                  mean an Annuity for the life of the Participant. 

             (D)  Qualified Preretirement  Survivor Annuity:   A survivor
                  Annuity for the life of the  Spouse in the amount which

                                        -69-
                                   Page 151 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  can be purchased with  the Participant's entire  Vested
                  Interest. 

             (E)  Spouse  (Surviving Spouse):    The Spouse  or Surviving
                  Spouse of  the Participant.   A  former  Spouse may  be
                  treated as the Spouse or Surviving Spouse to the extent
                  provided under a Qualified Domestic  Relations Order as
                  described in Internal Revenue Code section 414(p). 

          8.5     CONSENT  REQUIREMENTS.    Only   the  Participant  need
                  consent to the  commencement of  a distribution in  the
                  form of a  Qualified Joint  and Survivor Annuity  while
                  the  account  balance  is   immediately  distributable.
                  Neither  the  consent   of  the  Participant  nor   the
                  Participant's Spouse  shall be  required to the  extent
                  that a  distribution  is required  to  satisfy  section
                  401(a)(9)  or section  415  of the  Code.   An  account
                  balance is immediately distributable if any part of the
                  account balance could be distributed to the Participant
                  (or Surviving  Spouse) before  the Participant  attains
                  (or would have attained if  not deceased) the later  of
                  Normal Retirement Age or age 62. 

          8.6     NOTICE REQUIREMENTS. 

             (A)  In  the case of a Qualified  Joint and Survivor Annuity
                  as described in Section 8.4 (C), the Plan Administrator
                  shall, no  less than 30 days  and no more than  90 days
                  prior  to  the  Annuity  Starting  Date,  provide  each
                  Participant with  a  written explanation  of:  (i)  the
                  terms and conditions of a  Qualified Joint and Survivor
                  Annuity; (ii) the  Participant's right to make  and the
                  effect of an election to  waive the Qualified Joint and
                  Survivor Annuity form of benefit; (iii) the rights of a
                  Participant's Spouse; (iv)  the right to make,  and the
                  effect of, a revocation of a previous election to waive
                  the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity; (v) a general
                  description  of the  eligibility  conditions and  other
                  material features of the optional forms of benefit; and
                  (vi) sufficient additional  information to explain  the
                  relative  values  of  the  optional  forms  of  benefit
                  available to them under this Plan. 

             (B)  If a distribution  is one to which  sections 401(a)(11)
                  and 417 of the Code do not apply, such distribution may
                  commence less than  30 days  after the notice  required
                  provided that:

                  (1)  the   plan   administrator  clearly   informs  the
                       Participant that the Participant has  a right to a
                       period of  at least  30 days  after receiving  the
                       notice to consider the decision  of whether or not


                                        -70-
                                   Page 152 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                       to  elect a  distribution (and,  if  applicable, a
                       particular distribution option), and

                  (2)  the  Participant,  after  receiving   the  notice,
                       affirmatively elects a distribution.

             (C)  In  the  case  of  a Qualified  Preretirement  Survivor
                  Annuity  as  described  in Section  8.4  (D),  the Plan
                  Administrator shall provide each Participant within the
                  period beginning on the  first day of the Plan  Year in
                  which the Participant  attains age  32 and ending  with
                  the close of the  Plan Year preceding the Plan  Year in
                  which   the  Participant  attains  age  35,  a  written
                  explanation  of  the  Qualified Preretirement  Survivor
                  Annuity in such  terms and in  such manner as would  be
                  comparable to the explanation provided for  meeting the
                  requirements of Section  8.6 (A)  to a Qualified  Joint
                  and Survivor Annuity. 

                  If a Participant enters the Plan after the first day of
                  the Plan Year in which the Participant attained age 32,
                  the Plan  Administrator shall  provide notice no  later
                  than the close of  the second Plan Year succeeding  the
                  entry of the Participant in the Plan. 

                  If a Participant enters the Plan after he  has attained
                  age 35,  the Plan  Administrator  shall provide  notice
                  within a reasonable period of  time following the entry
                  of the Participant in the Plan. 

                  If  a  Participant's Termination  of  Employment occurs
                  before  the  Participant  attains  age  35,  the   Plan
                  Administrator shall  provide notice within one  year of
                  such Termination of Employment. 

          8.7     TRANSITIONAL RULES. 

             (A)  Any living Participant not receiving benefits on August
                  23, 1984, who would otherwise  not receive the benefits
                  prescribed  by the  previous Sections  of this  Article
                  must be  given the  opportunity to  elect  to have  the
                  prior  Sections  of   this  Article  relating  to   the
                  Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity  apply if such
                  Participant  is  credited  with at  least  one  Hour of
                  Service under this Plan or a predecessor plan in a Plan
                  Year beginning on  or after January  1, 1976, and  such
                  Participant  had  at  least  10  Years of  Service  for
                  vesting purposes when he separated from Service. 

             (B)  Any living Participant not receiving benefits on August
                  23, 1984, who  was credited with  at least one Hour  of
                  Service under this  Plan or  a predecessor  plan on  or
                  after  September  2,  1974, and  who  is  not otherwise

                                        -71-
                                   Page 153 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  credited  with any Service in  a Plan Year beginning on
                  or after January 1, 1976, must be given the opportunity
                  to  have his or  her benefits  paid in  accordance with
                  Section 8.7 (D). 

             (C)  The  respective opportunities to elect (as described in
                  Sections 8.7 (A) and 8.7 (B) above) must be afforded to
                  the   appropriate   Participants   during  the   period
                  commencing on August  23, 1984, and ending on  the date
                  benefits would otherwise commence to said Participants.


             (D)  Any Participant who has elected pursuant to Section 8.7
                  (B) of  this Article and  any Participant who  does not
                  elect  under  Section   8.7  (A)   or  who  meets   the
                  requirements  of  Section  8.7  (A)  except  that  such
                  Participant does not have at least 10 Years  of Service
                  for vesting  purposes when he  separates from  Service,
                  shall have his benefits  distributed in accordance with
                  all of  the following  requirements  if benefits  would
                  have been payable in the form of a Life Annuity:

                  (1)  Automatic Joint and Survivor Annuity.  If benefits
                       in the form of a Life  Annuity become payable to a
                       married Participant who:

                       (a)  begins  to receive payments under the Plan on
                            or after Normal Retirement Age; or

                       (b)  dies on or after Normal Retirement  Age while
                            still working for the Employer; or

                       (c)  begins to  receive payments  on or  after the
                            Qualified Early Retirement Age; or

                       (d)  separates from Service  on or after attaining
                            Normal Retirement Age (or the Qualified Early
                            Retirement  Age)  and  after  satisfying  the
                            eligibility requirements for  the payment  of
                            benefits under the  Plan and thereafter  dies
                            before beginning to receive such benefits;

                       then  such benefits  will be  received  under this
                       Plan in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor
                       Annuity,  unless  the   Participant  has   elected
                       otherwise during the election period. The election
                       period must begin  at least six months  before the
                       Participant attains Qualified Early Retirement Age
                       and  end  not   more  than  90  days   before  the
                       commencement of benefits.  Any election  hereunder
                       will  be in  writing  and may  be  changed by  the
                       Participant at any time. 

                                        -72-
                                   Page 154 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (2)  Election of Early Survivor Annuity:  A Participant
                       who is  employed  after  attaining  the  Qualified
                       Early Retirement Age will be given the opportunity
                       to elect, during  the election  period, to have  a
                       survivor  Annuity  payable  on   death.    If  the
                       Participant elects the survivor  Annuity, payments
                       under  such  Annuity  must not  be  less  than the
                       payments which would have been  made to the Spouse
                       under the Qualified Joint and Survivor  Annuity if
                       the Participant had retired on  the day before his
                       or her death.   Any election under  this provision
                       will be  in  writing and  may  be changed  by  the
                       Participant  at  any time.    The election  period
                       begins on the later of (1) the 90th day before the
                       Participant attains the Qualified Early Retirement
                       Age,  or  (2)  the  date  on  which  participation
                       begins,  and  ends  on the  date  the  Participant
                       terminates employment. 

                  (3)  For purposes of this Section 8.7 (D) :

                       (a)  Qualified Early Retirement Age  is the latest
                            of:

                            (i)  the earliest  date, under  the Plan,  on
                                 which  the  Participant  may   elect  to
                                 receive retirement benefits; or

                            (ii) the  first   day  of  the   120th  month
                                 beginning before the Participant reaches
                                 Normal Retirement Age; or

                            (iii)     the  date  the  Participant  begins
                                      participation. 

                       (b)  Qualified  Joint and  Survivor Annuity  is an
                            Annuity for the life of the  Participant with
                            a survivor Annuity for the life of the Spouse
                            as described in Section 8.4 (C).











                                        -73-

                                   Page 155 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE IX
                             TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT
                             -------------------------


          9.1     DISTRIBUTION.  As  of  a Participant's  Termination  of
                  Employment,  he  shall   be  entitled   to  receive   a
                  distribution  of  his  entire  Vested  Interest.   Such
                  distribution shall be further subject  to the terms and
                  conditions of Article VI. 

             If  at  the  time  of  his  Termination  of  Employment  the
             Participant's   Vesting  Percentage  is  not  100%  and  the
             Participant does not take a distribution from the portion of
             his Vested Interest  subject to the Vesting  Percentage, the
             non-vested portion of his Participant's Account  will become
             a  Forfeiture  upon  the date  the  Participant  incurs five
             consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service. 

             If  at  the  time  of  his  Termination  of  Employment  the
             Participant's  Vesting  Percentage  is  not  100%  and  such
             Participant does take a distribution from the portion of his
             Vested Interest subject to the Vesting Percentage, or if the
             Participant's  Vesting  Percentage  is  0%,  the  non-vested
             portion  of   his  Participant's  Account   will  become   a
             Forfeiture upon the date  such terminated Participant incurs
             a One-Year Break in Service. 

             If  the  Participant,  whose   non-vested  portion  of   his
             Participant's Account became a Forfeiture in accordance with
             the terms of  the preceding paragraph,  is later rehired  by
             the Employer  and re-enrolls  in the  Plan before  incurring
             five consecutive One-Year Breaks in Service, then the amount
             of  the  Forfeiture shall  be restored  by the  Employer and
             shall  be   included  as  part   of  that  portion   of  his
             Participant's Account subject to the Vesting Percentage. 

             In addition, such  rehired Participant shall be  entitled to
             repay  the  portion   of  the   distribution  made  at   his
             Termination  of Employment  that was  derived from  Employer
             Contributions.    The  portion  of  the  repayment  that  is
             attributable to  amounts that  were subject  to the  Vesting
             Percentage shall,  upon repayment,  be included  as part  of
             that portion  of his  Participant's Account  subject to  the
             Vesting  Percentage  and  will  no  longer be  considered  a
             distribution for purposes  of determining the  Participant's
             Vested Interest.   Such  repayment must  be made  before the
             Participant has incurred five consecutive One-Year Breaks in
             Service following the  date he received the  distribution or
             five  years  after  the Participant  is  re-employed  by the
             Employer, whichever date is earlier. 


                                        -74-
                                   Page 156 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
          9.2     NO FURTHER  RIGHTS OR  INTEREST.   A Participant  shall
                  have  no  further interest  in  or  any rights  to  any
                  portion  of his  Participant's Account  that becomes  a
                  Forfeiture due  to his Termination  of Employment  once
                  the Participant incurs five consecutive One-Year Breaks
                  in Service in accordance with Article II. 

          9.3     APPLICATION OF  FORFEITURES. Any Forfeiture  arising in
                  accordance with the provisions of  Section 9.1 shall be
                  credited and allocated to the Participants' Accounts in
                  the  manner   set  forth   in  Section   4.7  for   the
                  reallocation of Forfeitures.

             The provisions of the preceding sentence notwithstanding, in
             the  event  that a  former  Participant  is rehired  by  the
             Employer and the Employer  is required by the  provisions of
             Section 9.1 of this Plan to restore the amount of a separate
             account that had been created  upon such Participant's prior
             Termination of Employment and  later forfeited, Forfeitures,
             if any, will first be used  to restore such separate account
             to its value as of  such Participant's prior Termination  of
             Employment date. In the event that the available Forfeitures
             are not sufficient  to make  such restoration, the  Employer
             will make an additional contribution sufficient to make such
             restoration. 

























                                        -75-

                                   Page 157 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE X
                                    WITHDRAWALS
                                    -----------


          10.1    WITHDRAWAL AFTER  AGE 59-1/2.   A  Participant who  has
                  attained age  59-1/2, may  elect to  withdraw from  his
                  Participant's  Account,  once every  twelve consecutive
                  months,  an  amount   which  is  equal  to   any  whole
                  percentage (not exceeding 100%)  of his Vested Interest
                  in his Participant's Account attributable to:

                  Elective Deferral Contributions, including earnings. 

          10.2    WITHDRAWAL FOR  SERIOUS FINANCIAL HARDSHIP  OF ELECTIVE
                  DEFERRAL  CONTRIBUTIONS.    Distributions  of  Elective
                  Deferral Contributions may be made  to a Participant in
                  the event of a hardship.  For purposes of this section,
                  a  distribution is made on  account of hardship only if
                  the  distribution  both  is  made   on  account  of  an
                  immediate and heavy financial need  of the Employee and
                  is  necessary  to  satisfy  the  financial  need.    In
                  addition,  for Plan Years  beginning after December 31,
                  1988 any distribution  on account of hardship  shall be
                  limited  to  the  distributable   amount  described  in
                  paragraph (C) of this section. 

             (A)  Whether  an  Employee   has  an  immediate  and   heavy
                  financial  need  shall  be   determined  by  the   Plan
                  Administrator   based  on   all   relevant  facts   and
                  circumstances.   An immediate and heavy  financial need
                  shall   be  determined   to   exist  if   the  Employee
                  establishes   to   the   satisfaction   of   the   Plan
                  Administrator that the need is a result of:

                  (1)  Expenses  for medical  care  described in  section
                       213(d) of  the  Code previously  incurred  by  the
                       Employee, the Employee's spouse, or any dependents
                       of the Employee (as defined in section  152 of the
                       Code)  or necessary  for these  persons to  obtain
                       medical  care described  in section 213(d)  of the
                       Code;

                  (2)  Payment of  tuition and  related educational  fees
                       for the next 12 months of post-secondary education
                       for the Employee,  his or her spouse,  children or
                       dependents  (as  defined  in section  152  of  the
                       Code);

                  (3)  Costs  directly  related  to  the  purchase  of  a
                       principal  residence  for the  Employee (excluding
                       mortgage payments);

                                        -76-
                                   Page 158 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                  (4)  Payments necessary  to prevent the eviction of the
                       Employee from the  Employee's principal  residence
                       or foreclosure on the  mortgage on that residence;
                       or

                  (5)  Any  other deemed  immediate  and heavy  financial
                       need  which  the  Internal   Revenue  Service  may
                       designate. 

                  The Employee shall have the burden of presenting to the
                  Plan  Administrator  written  evidence   sufficient  to
                  demonstrate the existence  of such  need, and the  Plan
                  Administrator  shall  not permit  a  distribution under
                  this section without first receiving such evidence. 

             (B)  The Participant shall specify on  the application for a
                  hardship withdrawal whether the Participant elects  the
                  provision of (1) or (2) below to be used in determining
                  the necessity of the hardship. 

                  (1)  A distribution will be considered  as necessary to
                       satisfy an immediate and  heavy financial need  of
                       the   Employee  only  if   all  of  the  following
                       requirements are satisfied:

                       (a)  The hardship distribution is not in excess of
                            the  amount   of  the  immediate   and  heavy
                            financial need of  the Employee.  The  amount
                            of an  immediate and heavy financial need may
                            include  the amounts  necessary to  apply any
                            federal,  state,  or  local  income taxes  or
                            penalties  reasonably  anticipated  to result
                            from the distribution. 

                       (b)  The Employee had obtained  all distributions,
                            other  than  hardship distributions,  and all
                            nontaxable  (at the time  of the  loan) loans
                            currently   available    under   all    plans
                            maintained by the Employer. 

                       (c)  The   Employee   is  suspended   from  making
                            Elective Deferral Contributions  to the  Plan
                            for at least  12 months after receipt  of the
                            hardship   distribution   In   addition,  the
                            Employee must  be prohibited under  the terms
                            of  the  plan  or  an  otherwise  enforceable
                            agreement  from   making  Elective   Deferral
                            Contributions and  Employee Contributions  to
                            all other  plans maintained  by the  Employer
                            for at least  12 months after receipt  of the
                            hardship distribution. 


                                        -77-
                                   Page 159 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                            For this purpose, the phrase "all other plans
                            of the  Employer"  means  all  qualified  and
                            nonqualified plans  of deferred  compensation
                            maintained  by  the  Employer.    The  phrase
                            includes a  stock option, stock  purchase, or
                            similar   plan,  or   a   cash  or   deferred
                            arrangement that is part of  a cafeteria plan
                            within  the  meaning  of section  125  of the
                            Code.    However,  it  does  not include  the
                            mandatory  employee  contribution  part of  a
                            defined  benefit  plan.    It  also  does not
                            include  a health  or  welfare benefit  plan,
                            including one  that is  part  of a  cafeteria
                            plan within the meaning of section 125 of the
                            Code. 

                       (d)  The Employee  may not make  Elective Deferral
                            Contributions to the  Plan for the Employee's
                            taxable   year   immediately   following  the
                            taxable year of the hardship distribution  in
                            excess of the  applicable limit under section
                            402(g) of the Code for such taxable year less
                            the  amount  of   such  Employee's   Elective
                            Deferral Contributions for  the taxable  year
                            of the hardship  distribution.  In  addition,
                            all other  plans maintained  by the  Employer
                            must limit the  Employee's Elective  Deferral
                            Contributions for  the next  taxable year  to
                            the applicable limit under section 402(g)  of
                            the  Code for that  year minus the Employee's
                            Elective Deferral Contributions for  the year
                            of the hardship distribution. 

                  (2)  A distribution  will be  treated  as necessary  to
                       satisfy a financial  need if  the Employer  relies
                       upon the Employee's written representation, unless
                       the Employer has actual knowledge to the contrary,
                       that the need cannot reasonably be relieved:

                       (a)  Through  reimbursement  or   compensation  by
                            insurance or otherwise;

                       (b)  By liquidation of the Employee's assets;

                       (c)  By    cessation    of    Elective    Deferral
                            Contributions under the Plan; or

                       (d)  By other distributions  or nontaxable (at the
                            time of the loan) loans from plans maintained
                            by the Employer or by  any other employer, or
                            by  borrowing  from  commercial   sources  on
                            reasonable  commercial  terms  in  an  amount
                            sufficient to satisfy the need. 

                                        -78-
                                   Page 160 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                       A need cannot reasonably be relieved by one of the
                       actions listed  above if  the effect  would be  to
                       increase the amount of the need. 

                       The amount  of an  immediate  and heavy  financial
                       need may include any amounts  necessary to pay any
                       federal, state, or local income taxes or penalties
                       reasonably   anticipated   to   result  from   the
                       distribution. 

             (C)  The  distributable amount  is equal  to the  Employee's
                  total Elective Deferral Contribution as  of the date of
                  distribution,  reduced   by  the  amount   of  previous
                  distributions  of  Elective  Deferral Contributions  on
                  account of  hardship.   The  Employee's total  Elective
                  Deferral  Contributions shall  be  increased by  income
                  allocable to  Elective Deferral Contributions.   In the
                  case   of   income  allocable   to   Elective  Deferral
                  Contributions,  the  distributable   amount  may   only
                  include amounts that  were credited  to the  Employee's
                  Account as of December 31, 1988. 

          10.3    WITHDRAWAL OF  ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTIONS.  At any  time, a
                  Participant   may   elect   to    withdraw   from   his
                  Participant's Account an amount up to 100% of the value
                  of  that  portion of  his  account attributable  to his
                  Rollover Contributions as defined in  Article IV.  Such
                  an election shall become  effective in accordance  with
                  the Notification Section below. 

          10.4    NOTIFICATION.     The  Participant  shall   notify  the
                  Administrator  in  writing of  his  election to  make a
                  withdrawal  under  the  preceding  provisions  of  this
                  Article X.  Any such election  shall be effective as of
                  the date specified  in such notice, which date  must be
                  at least 15 days  after such notice is filed.   Payment
                  of the  withdrawal shall  be subject  to the  terms and
                  conditions of Article VI. 

          10.5    NON-REPAYMENT. Withdrawals made in accordance with this
                  Article X may not be repaid.

          10.6    SPOUSAL CONSENT  TO  WITHDRAWAL. Prior  to obtaining  a
                  withdrawal in accordance with this Article X, a married
                  Participant must obtain  spousal consent in  accordance
                  with  the  provisions  of   Article  VIII  unless  such
                  Participant  meets   the  requirements  set   forth  in
                  Sections 8.1 (A), (B) and (C). 


                                        -79-
                                   Page 161 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE X-A
                                       LOANS
                                     -----------


          10A.1   LOANS TO PARTICIPANTS.  The Plan Administrator may make
                  a bona fide loan to a  Participant, in an amount which,
                  when  added  to the  outstanding  balance of  all other
                  loans to the  Participant from  all qualified plans  of
                  the Employer,  does not  exceed the  lesser of  $50,000
                  reduced  by the  excess  of the  Participant's  highest
                  outstanding loan balance during the 12 months preceding
                  the date on which the loan is made over the outstanding
                  loan balance on  the date the new loan  is made, or 50%
                  of   the   Participant's   Vested   Interest   in   his
                  Participant's Account.  Loans  may be  taken  from  the
                  Participant's  Vested  Interest  in  his  Participant's
                  Account    attributable     to    Elective     Deferral
                  Contributions. Notwithstanding any  provisions in  this
                  paragraph  to  the  contrary, loans  may  not  exceed a
                  Participant's  Vested  Interest  attributable to  these
                  specific types of contributions. 

             The loan shall be made  under such terms, security interest,
             and conditions as the Plan Administrator deems  appropriate,
             provided, however, that all loans granted hereunder:

             (A)  are available  to all  Participants and  Beneficiaries,
                  who are  parties-in-interest pursuant to  section 3(14)
                  of ERISA, on a reasonably equivalent basis;

             (B)  are not made available to Highly Compensated  Employees
                  on a  basis greater  than the  basis made  available to
                  other Employees;

             (C)  bear a reasonable rate of interest;

             (D)  are adequately secured;

             (E)  unless a  Participant meets the requirements  set forth
                  in Sections 8.1 (A), (B) and (C), are made only after a
                  Participant obtains the consent of  his Spouse, if any,
                  to use his  Participant's Account  as security for  the
                  loan.   Spousal consent  shall be  obtained no  earlier
                  than  the beginning of  the 90-day period  that ends on
                  the date on  which the loan is  to be so secured.   The
                  consent must be in writing, must acknowledge the effect
                  of  the  loan,  and  must   be  witnessed  by  a   plan
                  representative or notary  public.   Such consent  shall
                  thereafter be  binding with  respect to the  consenting
                  Spouse or any  subsequent Spouse  with respect to  that
                  loan.    A  new  consent  shall   be  required  if  the


                                        -80-
                                   Page 162 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Participant's  Account  is   used  for   renegotiation,
                  extension, renewal or other revision of the loan. 

             (F)  are made in accordance  with and subject to all  of the
                  provisions of this Article.

          10A.2   LOAN  PROCEDURES.     The   Plan  Administrator   shall
                  establish a written set of procedures, set forth in the
                  summary plan description,  by which  all loans will  be
                  administered. Such rules, which are incorporated herein
                  by reference, will include, but  not be limited to, the
                  following:

             (A)  the person or persons authorized to administer the loan
                  program, identified by name or position;

             (B)  the loan application procedure;

             (C)  the basis for approving or denying loans;

             (D)  any limits on the types of loans permitted;

             (E)  the procedure  for determining a  "reasonable" interest
                  rate;

             (F)  acceptable collateral;

             (G)  default conditions; and

             (H)  steps  which will be  taken to preserve  Plan assets in
                  the event of default.




















                                        -81-
                                   Page 163 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE XI
                       FIDUCIARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
                       -------------------------------------


          11.1    GENERAL  FIDUCIARY STANDARD OF CONDUCT.  Each Fiduciary
                  of the Plan shall discharge his duties hereunder solely
                  in  the   interest  of   the  Participants  and   their
                  Beneficiaries   and  for   the  exclusive   purpose  of
                  providing   benefits   to   Participants    and   their
                  Beneficiaries  and  defraying  reasonable  expenses  of
                  administering the Plan.  Each  Fiduciary shall act with
                  the  care,  skill, prudence,  and  diligence under  the
                  circumstances  that  a  prudent man  acting  in  a like
                  capacity and familiar  with such  matters would use  in
                  conducting an  enterprise  of like  character and  with
                  like  aims,  in  accordance   with  the  documents  and
                  instruments  governing  this   Plan,  insofar  as  such
                  documents  and  instruments  are  consistent with  this
                  standard. 

          11.2    SERVICE IN MULTIPLE CAPACITIES.  Any Person or group of
                  persons may serve  in more than one  fiduciary capacity
                  with respect to this Plan. 

          11.3    LIMITATIONS ON  FIDUCIARY LIABILITY.   Nothing  in this
                  Plan shall be  construed to prevent any  Fiduciary from
                  receiving any benefit to which he  may be entitled as a
                  Participant or Beneficiary in this Plan, so long as the
                  benefit  is  computed  and  paid on  a  basis  which is
                  consistent with the  terms of this  Plan as applied  to
                  all other  Participants and Beneficiaries.   Nor  shall
                  this Plan be interpreted to  prevent any Fiduciary from
                  receiving  any  reasonable  compensation  for  services
                  rendered, or for the reimbursement of expenses properly
                  and actually incurred in the  performance of his duties
                  with the  Plan; except  that no  Person so serving  who
                  already receives  full-time pay from an  Employer shall
                  receive  compensation   from  this  Plan,   except  for
                  reimbursement   of   expenses  properly   and  actually
                  incurred. 

          11.4    INVESTMENT  MANAGER.   When an  Investment  Manager has
                  been  appointed,  he  is  required  to  acknowledge  in
                  writing   that   he    has   undertaken   a   Fiduciary
                  responsibility with respect to the Plan. 





                                        -82-

                                   Page 164 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE XII
                                 THE ADMINISTRATOR
                                 -----------------


          12.1    DESIGNATION   AND   ACCEPTANCE.   The  Employer   shall
                  designate a person or persons to serve as Administrator
                  under  the Plan  and  such person,  by  joining in  the
                  execution of this Plan and Trust Agreement accepts such
                  appointment and agrees  to act  in accordance with  the
                  terms of the Plan. 

          12.2    DUTIES  AND   AUTHORITY.     The  Administrator   shall
                  administer the Plan  in a nondiscriminatory manner  for
                  the  exclusive   benefit  of  Participants   and  their
                  Beneficiaries. 

             The  Administrator  shall  perform all  such  duties  as are
             necessary to  operate, administer,  and manage  the Plan  in
             accordance with the terms thereof, including but not limited
             to the following:

             (A)  To determine all questions relating to  a Participant's
                  coverage under the Plan;

             (B)  To   maintain    all   necessary   records    for   the
                  administration of the Plan;

             (C)  To  compute  and  authorize the  payment  of retirement
                  income   and  other   benefit   payments  to   eligible
                  Participants and Beneficiaries;

             (D)  To interpret and  construe the  provisions of the  Plan
                  and to make regulations which are not inconsistent with
                  the terms thereof; and

             (E)  To advise or assist Participants regarding  any rights,
                  benefits, or elections available under the Plan.

             The  Administrator  shall  take  all  such  actions  as  are
             necessary to operate, administer,  and manage the Plan as  a
             retirement program which is at  all times in full compliance
             with any law or regulation affecting this Plan. 

             The Administrator  may allocate certain specified  duties of
             plan administration to an individual or group of individuals
             who, with respect to such  duties, shall have all reasonable
             powers necessary or appropriate to accomplish them. 

          12.3    EXPENSES   AND   COMPENSATION.      All   expenses   of
                  administration may be paid out of the Trust fund unless
                  paid by the  Employer. Such expenses shall  include any
                  expenses   incident   to   the   functioning   of   the

                                        -83-
                                   Page 165 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  Administrator, including, but not  limited to, fees  of
                  accountants, counsel,  and other specialists  and their
                  agents,  and other  costs  of  administering the  Plan.
                  Until paid,  the expenses shall  constitute a liability
                  of the Trust fund.  However, the Employer may reimburse
                  the Trust fund for any administration expense incurred.
                  Any administration expense paid to the  Trust fund as a
                  reimbursement  shall  not  be  considered  an  Employer
                  Contribution.  Nothing  shall prevent the Administrator
                  from  receiving  reasonable  compensation for  services
                  rendered  in   administering  this  Plan,   unless  the
                  Administrator already  receives full-time pay  from any
                  Employer adopting the Plan. 

          12.4    INFORMATION FROM EMPLOYER.  To enable the Administrator
                  to perform  his  functions, the  Employer shall  supply
                  full and timely information to the Administrator on all
                  matters relating to this Plan  as the Administrator may
                  require. 

          12.5    ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE; MULTIPLE  SIGNATURES.  In the
                  event that more than one person has been duly nominated
                  to  serve  on  the  Administrative  Committee  and  has
                  signified   in   writing   the   acceptance   of   such
                  designation, the  signature(s) of one  or more  persons
                  may be accepted  by an  interested party as  conclusive
                  evidence  that the  Administrative  Committee has  duly
                  authorized  the  action   therein  set  forth  and   as
                  representing the  will of  and binding  upon the  whole
                  Administrative  Committee.   No  person receiving  such
                  documents or  written instructions  and acting  in good
                  faith  and  in  reliance thereon  shall  be  obliged to
                  ascertain the validity  of such action under  the terms
                  of this Plan  and Trust.  The  Administrative Committee
                  shall  act by a majority of  its members at the time in
                  office and such action may be taken either by a vote at
                  a meeting or in writing without a meeting. 

          12.6    RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL; APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.  The
                  Administrator,  or  any  member  of the  Administrative
                  Committee, may  resign at any time by delivering to the
                  Employer  a  written  notice  of resignation,  to  take
                  effect at a date specified therein,  which shall not be
                  less than 30  days after  the delivery thereof,  unless
                  such notice shall be waived. 

             The Administrator  may be removed  with or without  cause by
             the  Employer by delivery  of written notice  of removal, to
             take effect at a date specified  therein, which shall be not
             less than 30 days after delivery thereof, unless such notice
             shall be waived. 


                                        -84-
                                   Page 166 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
             The Employer,  upon  receipt  of or  giving  notice  of  the
             resignation or removal of the Administrator,  shall promptly
             designate  a   successor  Administrator  who   must  signify
             acceptance of this  position in  writing.  In  the event  no
             successor  is  appointed,  the  Board  of Directors  of  the
             Employer will function as the Administrative Committee until
             a new Administrator has been appointed and has accepted such
             appointment. 

          12.7    INVESTMENT MANAGER.  The  Administrator may appoint, in
                  writing, an Investment  Manager or Managers to  whom is
                  delegated the authority to  manage, acquire, invest, or
                  dispose  of all or any part  of the Trust assets.  With
                  regard  to  the  assets  entrusted  to  his  care,  the
                  Investment Manager shall  provide written  instructions
                  and directions to  the Trustee,  who shall  in turn  be
                  entitled to  rely upon  such written  direction.   This
                  appointment  and delegation  shall  be evidenced  by  a
                  signed written agreement. 

          12.8    DELEGATION OF DUTIES.  The Administrator shall have the
                  power, to the extent permitted by law, to delegate  the
                  performance of such Fiduciary and non-Fiduciary duties,
                  responsibilities,  and  functions as  the Administrator
                  shall  deem advisable  for  the proper  management  and
                  administration of the Plan in the best interests of the
                  Participants and their Beneficiaries. 
























                                        -85-

                                   Page 167 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE XIII
                                PARTICIPANTS' RIGHTS
                                --------------------


          13.1    GENERAL  RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS AND BENEFICIARIES.  The
                  Plan is established and  the Trust assets are  held for
                  the exclusive  purpose of  providing benefits for  such
                  Employees and their Beneficiaries as have  qualified to
                  participate under the terms of the Plan. 

          13.2    FILING  A  CLAIM  FOR  BENEFITS.     A  Participant  or
                  Beneficiary or the Employer acting in his behalf, shall
                  notify the Administrator  of a claim of  benefits under
                  the Plan.   Such  request shall  be in  writing to  the
                  Administrator and  shall set  forth the  basis of  such
                  claim and shall authorize  the Administrator to conduct
                  such examinations as may be  necessary to determine the
                  validity of the claim and to take such steps as  may be
                  necessary to facilitate the payment  of any benefits to
                  which the Participant  or Beneficiary  may be  entitled
                  under the terms of the Plan. 

             A decision by  the Administrator shall be  made promptly and
             not later than 90 days after  the Administrator's receipt of
             the  claim  of  benefits  under  the  Plan,  unless  special
             circumstances   require  an   extension  of  the   time  for
             processing, in which  case a decision  shall be rendered  as
             soon as  possible, but  not later  than 180  days after  the
             initial receipt of the claim of benefits. 

          13.3    DENIAL OF CLAIM.  Whenever a  claim for benefits by any
                  Participant or Beneficiary  has been  denied by a  Plan
                  Administrator, a written  notice, prepared in  a manner
                  calculated to be understood by the Participant, must be
                  provided, setting  forth (1)  the specific reasons  for
                  the denial;  (2)  the specific  reference to  pertinent
                  Plan provisions  on which  the denial  is based;  (3) a
                  description of  any additional material  or information
                  necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and  an
                  explanation  of  why such  material  or information  is
                  necessary; and (4)  an explanation of the  Plan's claim
                  review procedure. 

          13.4    REMEDIES AVAILABLE  TO PARTICIPANTS.  A  Participant or
                  Beneficiary  may  (1)  request  a  review  by  a  Named
                  Fiduciary, other  than the Administrator,  upon written
                  application  to  the Plan;  (2)  review pertinent  Plan
                  documents;  and  (3)  submit  issues  and  comments  in
                  writing  to  a  Named  Fiduciary.    A  Participant  or
                  Beneficiary shall  have 60  days after  receipt by  the
                  claimant of written notification of a denial of a claim
                  to request a review of a denied claim. 

                                        -86-
                                   Page 168 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
             A decision by a  Named Fiduciary shall be made  promptly and
             not later than 60 days  after the Named Fiduciary's  receipt
             of  a  request  for  review,  unless  special  circumstances
             require an  extension of the  time for processing,  in which
             case a decision shall  be rendered as soon as  possible, but
             not  later  than 120  days after  receipt  of a  request for
             review.  The decision  on review by a Named  Fiduciary shall
             be in  writing and  shall include specific  reasons for  the
             decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by
             the claimant, and specific references  to the pertinent Plan
             provisions on which the decision is based. 

             A Participant or  Beneficiary shall  be entitled, either  in
             his own  name or  in conjunction  with any  other interested
             parties,  to  bring such  actions  in  law or  equity  or to
             undertake such administrative actions or to seek such relief
             as  may be necessary or appropriate to compel the disclosure
             of  any  required  information, to  enforce  or  protect his
             rights,  to  recover present  benefits  due  to him,  or  to
             clarify his rights to future benefits under the Plan. 

          13.5    REINSTATEMENT OF  BENEFIT.  In the event any portion of
                  a distribution which  is payable to a  Participant or a
                  Beneficiary  shall  remain  unpaid  on  account  of the
                  inability  of the  Plan  Administrator, after  diligent
                  effort,  to locate such Participant or Beneficiary, the
                  amount  so  distributable   shall  be   treated  as   a
                  Forfeiture under the Plan.   If a claim is made by  the
                  Participant  or Beneficiary  for any  benefit forfeited
                  under this section, such benefit shall be reinstated. 

          13.6    LIMITATION  OF RIGHTS.   Participation  hereunder shall
                  not grant any Participant  the right to be  retained in
                  the  Service of  the  Employer or  any other  rights or
                  interest in  the Plan  or Trust fund  other than  those
                  specifically herein set forth. 

          13.7    PARTICIPANT CONTRIBUTIONS. Each Participant, regardless
                  of his length  of Service with  the Employer, shall  be
                  fully vested (100%) at all times  in any portion of his
                  Participant's Account attributable to the following:

                  Rollover Contributions. 

          13.8    MERGERS OR TRANSFERS.   In  the case of  any merger  or
                  consolidation with or transfer of assets or liabilities
                  to any other  qualified plan  after September 2,  1974,
                  the following conditions must be met:

             (A)  The  sum of  the account  balances in  each plan  shall
                  equal the fair market value (determined  as of the date

                                        -87-
                                  Page 169 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  of the  merger or  transfer as  if the  plans had  then
                  terminated) of the entire plan assets. 

             (B)  The assets of each  plan shall be combined to  form the
                  assets of the plan as merged (or transferred).

             (C)  Immediately  after  the  merger   (or  transfer),  each
                  Participant in the plan  merged (or transferred)  shall
                  have an account balance equal to the sum of the account
                  balances the  Participant had in the  plans immediately
                  prior to the merger (or transfer). 

             (D)  Immediately  after  the   merger  (or  transfer)   each
                  Participant in the  plan merged (or transferred)  shall
                  be entitled  to the same  optional benefit forms  as he
                  was entitled  to immediately  prior to  the merger  (or
                  transfer). 

             In the case of any merger  or consolidation with or transfer
             of assets or  liabilities to any defined  benefit plan after
             September 2,  1974,  one of  the plans  before such  merger,
             consolidation, or transfer shall be converted into the other
             type  of  plan   and  either  the  rules   described  above,
             applicable to the merger of  two defined contribution plans,
             or the rules applicable to the merger of two defined benefit
             plans, as appropriate, shall be applied. 

          13.9    PARTICIPANT'S  ACCOUNT  AND VALUATION.  A Participant's
                  Account  shall   be  maintained   on  behalf  of   each
                  Participant  until  such   account  is  distributed  in
                  accordance with  the terms of this Plan.  At least once
                  per year,  as of  the last day  of the Plan  Year, each
                  Participant's  Account   shall  be  adjusted   for  any
                  earnings,  gains,  losses,  contributions, withdrawals,
                  loans, and expenses, attributable to such Plan Year, in
                  order to obtain  a new  valuation of the  Participant's
                  Account. 

          13.10   INVESTMENT  OF CONTRIBUTIONS.   Each  Participant shall
                  have the  exclusive authority to direct  the investment
                  of contributions made to his Participant's Account.  In
                  accordance with the procedures established  by the Plan
                  Administrator, the  Participant shall  elect to have  a
                  specified percentage invested in one or more investment
                  funds, as long  as the  designated percentage for  each
                  fund is a whole number, and  the sum of the percentages
                  allocated  is  equal   to  100%.    In   addition,  the
                  Participant   may change  such election  on any  normal
                  business day of  the Insurance Company. All  investment
                  changes  are  subject to  the  rules of  the investment
                  fund(s) in which the Participant's  Account is or is to
                  be invested. 

                                        -88-
                                   Page 170 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
          13.11   TRANSFERS BETWEEN INVESTMENT  FUNDS. A Participant  may
                  designate amounts  invested  pursuant  to  the  section
                  above to be transferred between the investment funds on
                  any normal business  day of  the Insurance Company,  in
                  accordance with the procedures  established by the Plan
                  Administrator. 

             Notwithstanding the above, the  transfer of amounts  between
             investment  funds  shall be  subject  to  the  rules of  the
             investment  funds  in  which the  Participant's  Account  is
             invested or is to be invested. 

             The  Participant's  Account  attributable  to  Matching  and
             Nonelective Contributions may not be transferred. 





































                                        -89-

                                   Page 171 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE XIV
                        AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN
                        ------------------------------------


          14.1    AMENDMENT OF PLAN.   The Employer shall  have the right
                  from  time to time  to modify or amend,  in whole or in
                  part, any or all provisions of the Plan,  provided that
                  a  Board  of  Directors'  resolution  pursuant to  such
                  modification or  amendment shall  first be  adopted and
                  provided further that the modification or amendment  is
                  signed  by  the  Employer, the  Administrator  and  the
                  Trustee.  Upon  any such modification or  amendment the
                  Administrator and the Trustee shall be furnished a copy
                  thereof.  No amendment shall deprive any Participant or
                  Beneficiary of  any  Vested Interest  hereunder.    Any
                  Participant having not less than three Years of Service
                  shall  be permitted to  elect, in writing,  to have his
                  Vesting  Percentage  computed  under  the Plan  without
                  regard to such amendment. 

             The period during  which the  election must be  made by  the
             Participant shall  begin no  later than  the  date the  Plan
             Amendment is adopted and end no  later than after the latest
             of the following dates:

             (A)  The date which is  60 days after the day  the amendment
                  is adopted; or

             (B)  The date which is  60 days after the day  the amendment
                  becomes effective; or

             (C)  The date which is 60 days after the day the Participant
                  is  issued  written  notice  of  the amendment  by  the
                  Employer or Administrator.

             Such written election by a Participant  shall be made to the
             Administrator. 

             No  amendment  to the  Plan  shall decrease  a Participant's
             Account   balance   or  eliminate   an   optional  form   of
             distribution.   Notwithstanding  the  preceding sentence,  a
             Participant's Account balance  may be reduced to  the extent
             permitted  under Internal  Revenue  Code section  412(c)(8).
             Furthermore,  no amendment to the Plan shall have the effect
             of  decreasing  a Participant's  Vested  Interest determined
             without regard to such amendment as of the later of the date
             such amendment is adopted or the date it becomes effective. 

          14.2    CONDITIONS OF AMENDMENT.   The Employer shall  not make
                  any amendment  which would cause  the Plan to  lose its
                  status  as  a  qualified  plan  within the  meaning  of
                  section 401(a) of the Code. 

                                        -90-
                                   Page 172 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
          14.3    TERMINATION  OF  THE  PLAN.   The  Employer  intends to
                  continue the Plan  indefinitely for the benefit  of its
                  Employees, but reserves the right to terminate the Plan
                  at any  time by resolution  of its Board  of Directors.
                  Upon such termination, the liability of the Employer to
                  make contributions hereunder shall terminate. 

          14.4    FULL   VESTING.  Upon   the   termination  or   partial
                  termination   of   the    Plan,   or   upon    complete
                  discontinuance of Employer contributions, the rights of
                  all  affected  Participants  in   and  to  the  amounts
                  credited  to each  such Participant's Account  shall be
                  100% vested and nonforfeitable. 

          14.5    DISTRIBUTIONS UPON PLAN  TERMINATION.  If this  Plan is
                  terminated  and  the  Employer  does  not  maintain  or
                  establish another defined  contribution plan,  pursuant
                  to  Code  section  401(k)(10)(A)(i),  each  Participant
                  shall receive  a total distribution,  in the form  of a
                  lump-sum  distribution  as   defined  in  Code  section
                  401(k)(10)(B)(ii),  of  his  Participant's  Account  in
                  accordance with the terms and conditions of Article VI.


             However, if  this Plan is  terminated and the  Employer does
             maintain or establish  another defined contribution  plan as
             discussed in the  above paragraph,  or if the  Plan is  only
             partially terminated, each Participant shall receive a total
             distribution  of his  Participant's  Account, excluding  any
             amounts attributable to Elective  Deferral Contributions and
             contributions  made by  the  Employer designated  as  401(k)
             contributions in accordance with the terms and conditions of
             Article  VI.    In  such  a  situation,  any  amounts  in  a
             Participant's  Account  attributable  to  Elective  Deferral
             Contributions  and   contributions  made  by   the  Employer
             designated  as 401(k) contributions  may be distributed only
             upon the occurrence of an event described in Article VI. 

             No Participant and/or spousal consent will be required for a
             distribution where no  successor plan  exists.  However,  if
             the  Employer  does maintain  a successor  plan, Participant
             and/or  spousal  consent  is  required  for  a  distribution
             exceeding  $3,500.    The  Participant's  Account   will  be
             transferred to such successor plan  if the required consents
             are not received. 

          14.6    APPLICATION OF FORFEITURES. Upon the termination of the
                  Plan, any Forfeitures which have not been applied as of
                  such termination to reduce the contribution made by the
                  Employer shall be credited  on a pro rata basis  to the
                  Participant's Account of  the then Active  Participants


                                        -91-
                                   Page 173 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  in the same manner as the last contribution made by the
                  Employer under the Plan.

          14.7    APPROVAL    BY    THE    INTERNAL   REVENUE    SERVICE.
                  Notwithstanding any other provisions  of this Plan, the
                  Employer's  adoption  of this  Plan  is subject  to the
                  condition precedent that  the Employer's Plan shall  be
                  approved and  qualified by the Internal Revenue Service
                  as meeting the  requirements of  section 401(a) of  the
                  Internal Revenue  Code and  that the  Trust established
                  hereunder  shall be  entitled  to exemption  under  the
                  provisions  of section 501(a).   In the  event the Plan
                  initially fails  to qualify  and  the Internal  Revenue
                  Service issues a final ruling  that the Employer's Plan
                  or Trust fails to so qualify  as of the Effective Date,
                  all   liability  of  the   Employer  to   make  further
                  contributions  hereunder   shall  cease.     The   Plan
                  Administrator,  Trustee and  any other  Named Fiduciary
                  shall  be  notified  immediately by  the  Employer,  in
                  writing,  of  such   failure  to  qualify.   Upon  such
                  notification, the  value of the  Participants' Accounts
                  shall be distributed  in cash to the  Employer, subject
                  to the terms and conditions of Article VI.

             That portion of  such distribution which is  attributable to
             Participant Contributions  as specified in Section  13.7, if
             any, shall be  paid to the  Participant, and the balance  of
             such distribution shall be paid to the Employer. 

          14.8    SUBSEQUENT UNFAVORABLE DETERMINATION.  If the  Employer
                  is   notified   subsequent    to   initial    favorable
                  qualification  that the  Plan  is no  longer  qualified
                  within the meaning  of section  401(a) of the  Internal
                  Revenue Code, or that  the Trust is no  longer entitled
                  to exemption under  the provisions  of section  501(a),
                  and if the Employer shall fail within a reasonable time
                  to make any  necessary changes in  order that the  Plan
                  and/or  Trust  shall  so  qualify,  the   Participants'
                  Accounts shall  be fully vested  and nonforfeitable and
                  shall be disposed of as if  the Plan had terminated, in
                  the manner set forth in this Article XIV. 










                                        -92-

                                   Page 174 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                     ARTICLE XV
                               SUBSTITUTION OF PLANS
                               ---------------------


          15.1    SUBSTITUTION OF  PLANS. Subject  to  the provisions  of
                  Section   13.8   the   Employer   may   substitute   an
                  individually  designed plan  or a  master  or prototype
                  plan for  this Plan  without terminating  this Plan  as
                  embodied herein and this shall  be deemed to constitute
                  an amendment and  restatement in  its entirety of  this
                  Plan as  heretofore adopted by the  Employer; provided,
                  however, that the Employer shall  have certified to the
                  Trustee that this Plan is being continued on a restated
                  basis which meets the requirements of section 40l(a) of
                  the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA. 

          15.2    TRANSFER OF  ASSETS. Upon 90  days written notification
                  from the Employer and the Trustee that a different plan
                  meeting  the  requirements set  forth  in Section  15.1
                  above  has  been  executed  and  entered  into  by  the
                  Administrator and the Employer,  and after the  Trustee
                  has been  furnished  the  Employer's  certification  in
                  writing that the Employer intends  to continue the Plan
                  as  a  qualified  Plan  under  section  40l(a)  of  the
                  Internal Revenue Code and ERISA, assets which represent
                  the  value  of   all  Participant's  Accounts   may  be
                  transferred   in   accordance  with   the  instructions
                  received  from  or on  behalf  of  the Employer.    The
                  Trustee  may  rely  fully  on  the  representations  or
                  directions of  the Employer  with respect  to any  such
                  transfer and  shall be fully  protected and  discharged
                  with respect to  any such  transfer made in  accordance
                  with such representations, instructions, or directions.

















                                        -93-

                                   Page 175 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE XVI
                                   MISCELLANEOUS
                                   -------------


          16.1    NON-REVERSION.  This  Plan has been established  by the
                  Employer for the exclusive benefit  of the Participants
                  and their  Beneficiaries. Except as  otherwise provided
                  in   Sections   14.7,   16.7,   and   16.8,  under   no
                  circumstances shall any funds contributed hereunder, at
                  any time, revert  to or  be used by  the Employer,  nor
                  shall any  such funds  or assets  of any  kind be  used
                  other than for the benefit of the Participants or their
                  Beneficiaries. 

          16.2    GENDER  AND  NUMBER.   When  necessary  to  the meaning
                  hereof,  and except  when  otherwise  indicated by  the
                  context,  either the  masculine  or the  neuter pronoun
                  shall be deemed to include the masculine, the feminine,
                  and the  neuter, and  the singular  shall be  deemed to
                  include the plural. 

          16.3    REFERENCE TO THE CODE AND ERISA.   Any reference to any
                  section of the Internal Revenue  Code, ERISA, or to any
                  other statute or  law shall  be deemed  to include  any
                  successor law of similar import. 

          16.4    GOVERNING LAW. The Plan and Trust shall be governed and
                  construed  in  accordance with  the  laws of  the state
                  where  the  Trustee  has its  principal  office  if the
                  Trustee is  a corporation or an  association, otherwise
                  under the laws of the state  where the Employer has its
                  principal office. 

          16.5    COMPLIANCE  WITH THE  CODE  AND ERISA.    This Plan  is
                  intended   to   comply   with  all   requirements   for
                  qualification  under  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  and
                  ERISA, and if  any provision hereof is  subject to more
                  than  one  interpretation or  any  term used  herein is
                  subject to  more than one construction,  such ambiguity
                  shall be resolved  in favor  of that interpretation  or
                  construction which is consistent with the Plan being so
                  qualified.    If  any provision  of  the  Plan is  held
                  invalid   or   unenforceable,   such    invalidity   or
                  unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions,
                  and this  Plan shall  be construed  and enforced as  if
                  such provision had not been included. 

          16.6    NON-ALIENATION.  It is a condition of the Plan, and all
                  rights of  each Participant  shall be subject  thereto,
                  that no  right or  interest of  any Participant  in the
                  Plan shall be assignable or transferable in whole or in
                  part,  either  directly  or  by  operation  of  law  or

                                        -94-
                                   Page 176 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  otherwise,   including,    but   without    limitation,
                  execution,  levy,   garnishment,  attachment,   pledge,
                  bankruptcy or  in  any other  manner, and  no right  or
                  interest of any Participant in the Plan shall be liable
                  for or subject to  any obligation or liability of  such
                  Participant.  The preceding sentence shall not preclude
                  the enforcement of a federal tax  levy made pursuant to
                  section  6331 of  the  Code or  the  collection by  the
                  United States on  a judgement resulting from  an unpaid
                  tax assessment.

          16.7    CONTRIBUTION  RECAPTURE.    Notwithstanding  any  other
                  provisions  of  this  Plan,  (1)  in  the  case  of   a
                  contribution which  is made by an Employer by a mistake
                  of fact, Section 16.1 shall  not prohibit the return of
                  such contribution to the Employer within one year after
                  the  payment  of   the  contribution,  and  (2)   if  a
                  contribution is  conditioned upon the  deductibility of
                  the contribution under  section 404 of the  Code, then,
                  to the extent the deduction is disallowed, Section 16.1
                  shall not prohibit the return  to the Employer of  such
                  contribution (to the extent disallowed) within one year
                  after the disallowance  of the  deduction.  The  amount
                  which may be returned to the  Employer is the excess of
                  (1) the  amount contributed  over (2)  the amount  that
                  would have been  contributed had  there not occurred  a
                  mistake  of  fact  or  a  mistake  in  determining  the
                  deduction.    Earnings   attributable  to  the   excess
                  contribution may not  be returned to the  Employer, but
                  losses  attributable thereto must  reduce the amount to
                  be so returned.  Furthermore, if the withdrawal of  the
                  amount attributable to the mistaken contribution  would
                  cause  the  balance of  the  individual account  of any
                  Participant  to  be reduced  to  less than  the balance
                  which  would have been in the  account had the mistaken
                  amount  not  been contributed,  then  the amount  to be
                  returned to the Employer would have to be limited so as
                  to avoid such reduction. 

          16.8    QUALIFIED DOMESTIC RELATIONS  ORDERS.   Notwithstanding
                  any  other provisions  of this Plan,  the Participant's
                  Account may be segregated and distributed pursuant to a
                  Qualified Domestic Relations  Order within the  meaning
                  of  Internal  Revenue Code  section  414(p).   The Plan
                  Administrator    shall    establish    procedures   for
                  determining if a Domestic Relations Order is  qualified
                  within the meaning of section 414(p).




                                        -95-
                                   Page 177 of 191                   <PAGE> <PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE XVI-A
                                TOP-HEAVY PROVISIONS
                                --------------------


          16A.1   DEFINITIONS.   The  following definitions  are atypical
                  terms used only in this Article XVI-A.

             (A)  Compensation.  The term Compensation, whenever  used in
                  this Article  XVI-A, means  Compensation as  defined in
                  Article V of the  Plan, but includes the amount  of any
                  elective  contributions made  by  the  Employer on  the
                  Employee's  behalf to  a cafeteria plan  established in
                  accordance with the  provisions of Code section  125, a
                  qualified  cash or  deferred arrangement  in accordance
                  with  the  provisions  of  Code  section  402(e)(3),  a
                  simplified employee pension plan in accordance with the
                  provisions of Code  section 402(h), or a  tax sheltered
                  annuity  plan   maintained  in   accordance  with   the
                  provisions of Code section 403(b). 

             (B)  Key Employee.  The term Key Employee means any Employee
                  or former  Employee (including  deceased Employees)  of
                  the Employer who  at any time  during the Plan Year  or
                  the four preceding Plan Years was:

                  (1)  An officer  of the  Employer, but in  no event  if
                       there are more than 500 Employees, shall more than
                       50  Employees  be  considered Key  Employees.   If
                       there are  less than  500 Employees,  in no  event
                       shall the greater of three Employees or 10% of all
                       Employees,  be  taken  into  account  under   this
                       Subsection as  Key Employees.   If  the number  of
                       officers is limited by the  terms of the preceding
                       sentence,   the   Employees   with   the   highest
                       Compensation will be considered to be officers. 

                       In  no   event  shall  an  officer   whose  annual
                       Compensation  is  less  than  50%  of  the  dollar
                       limitation   in   effect   under    Code   section
                       415(b)(1)(A) as adjusted  from time to time,  be a
                       Key Employee for any such Plan Year. 

                       In making  a determination under  this Subsection,
                       Employees  who have  not completed  six months  of
                       Service by the  end of  the applicable Plan  Year,
                       Employees who normally work less than 17-1/2 hours
                       per  week, Employees  who normally work  less than
                       six months during  a year, Employees who  have not
                       attained 21, and nonresident aliens who receive no
                       earned   income  from   U.S.  sources,   shall  be
                       excluded.

                                        -96-
                                   Page 178 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                       Also  excluded  under  the   above  paragraph  are
                       Employees  who are covered  by an  agreement which
                       the Secretary of  Labor finds  to be a  collective
                       bargaining  agreement.    Such  Employees will  be
                       excluded only  if  retirement  benefits  were  the
                       subject of  good  faith  bargaining,  90%  of  the
                       Employees  of  the  Employer  are covered  by  the
                       agreement, and  the Plan covers only Employees who
                       are not covered by the agreement. 

                  (2)  One   of  the   10   Employees  who   has   annual
                       Compensation  greater than  the  amount in  effect
                       under Internal Revenue  Code section  415(c)(1)(A)
                       and who owns (or  is considered to own within  the
                       meaning of Internal Revenue  Code section 318,  as
                       modified by section  416(i)(1)(B)(iii)) both  more
                       than 1/2% interest and the largest interest in the
                       Employer.    If two  or  more Employees  own equal
                       interests  in   the  Employer,   the  ranking   of
                       ownership share  will be  in  descending order  of
                       such Employees' Compensation.  If  the Employer is
                       other than a corporation,  the term "interest"  as
                       used herein  shall  refer to  capital  or  profits
                       interest. 

                  (3)  An  Employee  who owns  (or  is considered  to own
                       within  the  meaning   of  Internal  Revenue  Code
                       section    318,    as    modified    by    section
                       416(i)(1)(B)(iii)) more than 5% of the outstanding
                       stock of  the  Employer or  stock possessing  more
                       than 5% of the total combined voting power of  all
                       stock of the Employer.   If the Employer is  other
                       than a corporation,  an Employee  who owns, or  is
                       considered to own, more than 5%  of the capital or
                       profits   interest   in   the   Employer.      The
                       determination  of  5%   ownership  shall  be  made
                       separately  for each member  of a controlled group
                       of  corporations  (as  defined  in  Code   section
                       414(b)), or  of a  group of  trades or  businesses
                       (whether  or  not  incorporated)  that  are  under
                       common  control   (as  defined  in   Code  section
                       414(c)),  or  of an  affiliated service  group (as
                       defined in Code section 414(m)). 

                  (4)  An  Employee  who owns  (or  is considered  to own
                       within  the  meaning  of   Internal  Revenue  Code
                       section    318,    as    modified    by    section
                       416(i)(1)(B)(iii)) more than 1% of the outstanding
                       stock  of  the Employer  or stock  possessing more
                       than 1%  of the total combined voting power of all
                       stock   of   the   Employer,  and   whose   annual
                       Compensation  is  more  than  $150,000.    If  the
                       Employer is other than a corporation, an  Employee

                                        -97-
                                   Page 179 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                       who owns, or is considered to own, more than 1% of
                       the  capital or profits  interest in the Employer,
                       and  whose   annual  Compensation  is   more  than
                       $150,000. 

                  For the purposes of paragraphs  (2), (3) and (4) above,
                  if an Employee's  ownership interest  changes during  a
                  given Plan Year,  his ownership interest for  that Plan
                  Year is the  largest interest owned at any  time during
                  the Plan Year. 

                  The Beneficiary of any deceased Employee who  was a Key
                  Employee shall  be considered  a Key  Employee for  the
                  same period as the deceased Employee would have been so
                  considered. 

             (C)  Non-Key Employee.  The term  Non-Key Employee means any
                  Employee  or former Employee of the Employer who is not
                  a  Key  Employee.  The   Beneficiary  of  any  deceased
                  Employee who is a Non-Key  Employee shall be considered
                  a Non-Key Employee for the same period  as the deceased
                  Employee would have been so considered. 

             (D)  Determination Date.  The term Determination Date means,
                  with  respect  to a  Plan  Year,  the last  day  of the
                  preceding Plan Year, or, in the  case of the first Plan
                  Year of a plan, the last day of the first Plan Year. 

             (E)  Valuation Date.   The term  Valuation Date means,  with
                  respect to a Plan  Year, the last day of  the preceding
                  Plan Year and is the date on which Account Balances are
                  valued  for  the  purpose  of  determining  the  Plan's
                  Top-Heavy status. 

             (F)  Account Balance.   The term  Account Balance means  the
                  value  of  the  Participant's Account  standing  to the
                  credit of a  Participant, a former Participant,  or the
                  Beneficiary of a  former Participant,  as the case  may
                  be,  as of the  Valuation Date.   Such  Account Balance
                  shall  include   any  contributions   due  as   of  the
                  Determination  Date and  all distributions made  to the
                  Participant (or  former Participant or  Beneficiary, as
                  the case may be) during the  Plan Year or the preceding
                  four  Plan Years, except  for distributions  of Related
                  Rollovers.   However,  the  Account  Balance shall  not
                  include  any  deductible  Employee  Contributions  made
                  pursuant  to  Internal  Revenue  Code  section  219  or
                  Unrelated Rollovers made to the Plan after December 31,
                  1983. 

                  A  Related  Rollover  is  a  Rollover  Contribution  or
                  Transfer that either was not  initiated by the Employee
                  or was made to a plan maintained by the same Employer. 

                                        -98-
                                   Page 180 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  An Unrelated  Rollover  is a  Rollover Contribution  or
                  Transfer that  was initiated  by the  Employee and  was
                  made from a plan  maintained by one employer to  a plan
                  maintained by another employer. 

                  For purposes of this Subsection  (F), the term Employer
                  shall include  all employers  that are  required to  be
                  aggregated  in accordance  with  Internal Revenue  Code
                  sections 414(b), (c) or (m). 

             (G)  Required   Aggregation  Group.     The   term  Required
                  Aggregation  Group  means  all  of  the  plans  of  the
                  Employer which cover a Key Employee, including any such
                  plan maintained by  the Employer pursuant to  the terms
                  of  a collective bargaining  agreement, and  each other
                  plan of the Employer which enables  any plan in which a
                  Key Employee  participates to satisfy  the requirements
                  of Internal Revenue Code sections 401(a)(4) or 410. 

             (H)  Permissive  Aggregation  Group.   The  term  Permissive
                  Aggregation  Group  means  all  of  the  plans  of  the
                  Employer which are included in the Required Aggregation
                  Group  plus  any plans  of  the Employer  which provide
                  comparable  benefits to  the  benefits provided  by the
                  plans in  the Required  Aggregation Group  and are  not
                  included in the  Required Aggregation Group,  but which
                  satisfy  the  requirements  of  Internal  Revenue  Code
                  sections  401(a)(4) and  410  when considered  together
                  with the Required Aggregation Group, including any plan
                  maintained  by the  Employer pursuant  to a  collective
                  bargaining  agreement  which  does  not  include  a Key
                  Employee. 

             (I)  Top-Heavy Plan.  The Plan is  Top-Heavy if it meets the
                  requirements of Section 16A.2. 

             (J)  Super Top-Heavy Plan.   The Plan is  Super Top-Heavy if
                  it meets the requirements of Section 16A.3. 

             (K)  Terminated Plan.   A plan shall  be considered to be  a
                  Terminated Plan if it:

                  (1)  has been formally terminated;

                  (2)  has ceased crediting service  for benefit accruals
                       and vesting; or

                  (3)  has been  or is  distributing all  plan assets  to
                       Participants   (or   Beneficiaries)  as   soon  as
                       administratively possible.


                                        -99-
                                   Page 181 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  With the exception of the Minimum Employer Contribution
                  Requirements and the Minimum Vesting Requirements,  the
                  Top-Heavy provisions  of this Article XVI-A  will apply
                  to any Terminated Plan which was maintained at any time
                  during the five years ending on the Determination Date.

             (L)  Frozen Plan.  A plan shall be considered to be a Frozen
                  Plan if all benefit accruals have ceased but all assets
                  have   not   been   distributed  to   Participants   or
                  Beneficiaries.    The  Top-Heavy   provisions  of  this
                  Article XVI-A will apply to any such Frozen Plan. 

          16A.2   TOP-HEAVY PLAN STATUS.   This Plan shall  be determined
                  to be Top-Heavy if,  as of the Determination Date,  the
                  aggregate  of  the  Account Balances  of  Key Employees
                  exceeds 60% of the aggregate of the Account Balances of
                  all Employees covered  by the Plan.   The determination
                  of  whether the Plan  is Top-Heavy shall  be made after
                  aggregating  all  plans  in  the  Required  Aggregation
                  Group, and after aggregating any  other plans which are
                  in the Permissive Aggregation Group, if such permissive
                  aggregation thereby eliminates the  Top-Heavy status of
                  any plan within such Required Aggregation Group. 

             In determining whether  this Plan is Top-Heavy,  the Account
             Balance  of  a former  Key  Employee  who is  now  a Non-Key
             Employee  will  be disregarded.    Likewise, for  Plan Years
             beginning after December  31, 1984,  the Account Balance  of
             any Employee who has not performed an Hour of Service during
             the five-year period  ending on the Determination  Date will
             be excluded. 

          16A.3   SUPER  TOP-HEAVY  PLAN  STATUS.    This Plan  shall  be
                  determined  to  be  Super  Top-Heavy   if,  as  of  the
                  Determination  Date,  the  Plan  would  meet  the  test
                  specified  in   Section  16A.2   above,  if  90%   were
                  substituted for  60% in  each place  where it  appears.
                  The Plan  may be  permissively aggregated  in order  to
                  avoid being Super Top-Heavy. 

          16A.4   TOP-HEAVY  REQUIREMENTS.   Notwithstanding  anything in
                  the Plan to the contrary, if the Plan is Top-Heavy with
                  respect to any  Plan Year beginning after  December 31,
                  1983,  then   the   Plan  shall   meet  the   following
                  requirements for such Plan Year:

             (A)  Compensation Limit.   The  annual Compensation  of each
                  Participant taken into account under the Plan shall not
                  exceed $150,000; however, such  dollar limitation shall
                  be adjusted to  take into account any  adjustments made
                  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury or  his  delegate
                  pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 416(d)(2). 

                                       -100-
                                   Page 182 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
             (B)  Minimum Employer Contribution Requirements.   A Minimum
                  Employer Contribution of 3% of each Eligible Employee's
                  Compensation will be  made on  behalf of each  Eligible
                  Employee in the Plan. 

                  If the actual Employer Contribution made or required to
                  be made for Key Employees is  less than 3%, the Minimum
                  Employer  Contribution  required  hereunder  shall  not
                  exceed the  percentage  contribution made  for the  Key
                  Employee   for   whom   the   percentage  of   Employer
                  Contributions  and Forfeitures  relative  to the  first
                  $150,000 of Compensation  is the  highest for the  Plan
                  Year  after  taking   into  account  contributions   or
                  benefits  under  other qualified  plans  in  the Plan's
                  Required Aggregation Group. 

                  However, if  a  Participant  in  this Plan  is  also  a
                  participant in a defined benefit plan maintained by the
                  Employer, such Participant shall  receive the Top-Heavy
                  minimum benefit under the defined  benefit plan in lieu
                  of the Minimum  Employer Contribution described herein.
                  Such minimum benefit will be equal to the Participant's
                  average   yearly   Compensation    during   his    five
                  highest-paid  consecutive  years,  multiplied   by  the
                  lesser of 2% per Year of  Service or 20%.  Compensation
                  periods  and Years of Service to  be taken into account
                  in  the calculation of this benefit shall be subject to
                  any limitations set forth in the defined benefit plan. 

                  For any Limitation Year in which this Plan is Top-Heavy
                  but   not   Super  Top-Heavy,   the   Minimum  Employer
                  Contribution shall be increased to  4% of each Eligible
                  Employee's Compensation in order to preserve the use of
                  the factor 1.25  in the  denominators of the  fractions
                  described in Section 5.4  (B) (1)  and Section  5.4 (D)
                  (1).  A Participant who  receives the Top-Heavy minimum
                  benefit  in lieu of  the Minimum  Employer Contribution
                  shall receive an increased minimum benefit equal to the
                  Participant's  average  yearly Compensation  during his
                  five highest-paid consecutive years,  multiplied by the
                  lesser  of  3% per  Year  of  Service or  20%  plus one
                  percentage point (to a maximum of 10 percentage points)
                  for   each   year   that  this   Plan   is  maintained.
                  Compensation periods and  Years of Service to  be taken
                  into  account  in  the calculation  of  this  increased
                  minimum benefit shall be subject to any limitations set
                  forth in the defined benefit plan. 

                  For  any Limitation  Year in which  this Plan  is Super
                  Top-Heavy, the factor  of 1.25  in the denominators  of
                  the fractions  described in Sections  5.4 (B) (1)   and
                  5.4  (D) (1)   shall be  reduced to  1.0.   The Minimum
                  Employer Contribution payable in such years shall be 3%

                                       -101-
                                   Page 183 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  of  each  Eligible  Employee's   Compensation  and  the
                  defined benefit  Top-Heavy  minimum  benefit  shall  be
                  average Compensation multiplied by the lesser of 2% per
                  Year of Service or 20%. 

                  Eligible  Employees are  all Non-Key Employees  who are
                  Participants in the Plan as of the last day of the Plan
                  Year  regardless of  whether they  had  completed 1,000
                  Hours of Service  during the Plan Year.   Also included
                  are Non-Key Employees who  would have been Participants
                  as of the last day of the Plan Year except:

                       The Employee's Compensation  was below a  required
                       minimum level; or

                       The  Employee chose not  to make Elective Deferral
                       Contributions when he was eligible to do so. 

                  Elective    Deferral    Contributions    and   Matching
                  Contributions made to Key Employees shall be taken into
                  account as Employer Contributions allocated to such Key
                  Employees  when  determining  whether  a lower  Minimum
                  Employer Contribution  is permissible  for purposes  of
                  this section.  However, Elective Deferral Contributions
                  made by  Non-Key Employees  shall not  be used  towards
                  satisfying the Minimum  Employer Contribution  required
                  to be allocated  to Non-Key Employees pursuant  to this
                  section. 

                  Matching  Contributions  made   on  behalf  of  Non-Key
                  Employees may,  at the option of the  Employer, be used
                  to   satisfy   the   Minimum    Employer   Contribution
                  requirement.   However, for Plan Years  beginning after
                  December  31,  1988,    to  the  extent  that  Matching
                  Contributions are used for this purpose, they shall not
                  be used to satisfy  the Actual Contribution  Percentage
                  Test. 

             (C)  Minimum Vesting  Requirements.  The  vesting provisions
                  set forth in  the definition  of Vesting Percentage  in
                  Article I  shall continue to  apply whether or  not the
                  Plan  is  a Top-Heavy  Plan.   Such  vesting provisions
                  satisfy  the requirements  of  section  416(b)  of  the
                  Internal  Revenue  Code,  as  applicable  to  Top-Heavy
                  Plans. 






                                       -102-

                                   Page 184 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                    ARTICLE XVII
                                  TRUST AGREEMENT
                                  ---------------


          17.1    CREATION  AND  ACCEPTANCE OF  TRUST.   The  Trustee, by
                  joining  in  the  execution  of   the  Plan  and  trust
                  agreement, accepts  the Trust hereby created and agrees
                  to  act  in  accordance  with  the  express  terms  and
                  conditions herein stated.

          17.2    TRUSTEE CAPACITY; CO-TRUSTEES.   The  Trustee may be  a
                  bank,  trust  company or  other  corporation possessing
                  trust powers under  applicable state or federal  law or
                  one or more individuals or any combination thereof.

             When  two  or  more  persons  serve  as  Trustee,  they  are
             specifically  authorized,  by  a written  agreement  between
             themselves,   to    allocate   specific    responsibilities,
             obligations or duties among themselves.  An original copy of
             such  written   agreement  is   to  be   delivered  to   the
             Administrator. 

          17.3    RESIGNATION  AND  REMOVAL;  APPOINTMENT   OF  SUCCESSOR
                  TRUSTEE.    Any  Trustee  may  resign at  any  time  by
                  delivering  to the  Administrator a  written notice  of
                  resignation,   to  take  effect  at  a  date  specified
                  therein, which shall not be less than 30 days after the
                  delivery thereof, unless such notice shall be waived.

             The Trustee  may be  removed with  or without  cause by  the
             Board  of  Directors  by delivery  of  a  written  notice of
             removal, to take  effect at a date  specified therein, which
             shall  not  be less  than  30 days  after  delivery thereof,
             unless such notice shall be waived.

             In the  case of the resignation or removal of a Trustee, the
             Trustee shall have the right to a settlement of its account,
             which may be made, at the  option of the Trustee, either (1)
             by  judicial  settlement  in  an  action instituted  by  the
             Trustee in  a court  of competent  jurisdiction,  or (2)  by
             written agreement of settlement between  the Trustee and the
             Administrator.

             Upon  such settlement, all right, title and interest of such
             Trustee  in  the assets  of  the  Trust and  all  rights and
             privileges under  this Agreement theretofore vested  in such
             Trustee shall vest  in the successor Trustee,  and thereupon
             all  future  liability  of  such  Trustee  shall  terminate;
             provided,   however,  that   the   Trustee  shall   execute,
             acknowledge   and   deliver   all  documents   and   written
             instruments which are  necessary to transfer and  convey the


                                       -103-
                                   Page 185 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
             right,  title  and interest  in  the Trust  assets,  and all
             rights and privileges to the successor Trustee.

             The  Board of  Directors,  upon  receipt  of notice  of  the
             resignation  or  removal  of  the  Trustee,  shall  promptly
             designate  a successor Trustee, whose appointment is subject
             to acceptance of this  Trust in writing and shall  notify in
             writing the insurance company of such successor Trustee.

          17.4    TAXES,  EXPENSES  AND  COMPENSATION OF  TRUSTEE.    The
                  Trustee shall deduct from and  charge against the Trust
                  fund any taxes paid by it which may be imposed upon the
                  Trust fund  or the income thereof or  which the Trustee
                  is required to pay with respect  to the interest of any
                  person therein.

             The Trustee shall  be paid  such reasonable compensation  as
             shall  from time to  time be agreed  upon in  writing by the
             Employer and the  Trustee.  An individual serving as Trustee
             who already receives  full-time pay from the  Employer shall
             not  receive compensation from  the Plan.   In addition, the
             Trustee  shall be  reimbursed for  any  reasonable expenses,
             including reasonable counsel fees incurred by it as Trustee.
             Such compensation and expenses shall  be paid from the Trust
             fund unless paid or advanced by the Employer.

          17.5    TRUSTEE  ENTITLED TO CONSULTATION. The Trustee shall be
                  entitled to advice of counsel, which may be counsel for
                  the Plan  or the  Employer, in  any case  in which  the
                  Trustee shall  deem such  advice necessary.   With  the
                  exception  of  those  powers  and  duties  specifically
                  allocated to the Trustee  by the express terms of  this
                  Plan, it shall not be the responsibility of the Trustee
                  to interpret the  terms of  the Plan or  Trust and  the
                  Trustee  may  request,  and  is   entitled  to  receive
                  guidance and  written direction from  the Administrator
                  on any point  requiring construction or  interpretation
                  of the Plan documents.

          17.6    RIGHTS,  POWERS  AND DUTIES  OF  TRUSTEE.   The Trustee
                  shall have the following rights, powers, and duties:

             (A)  The Trustee  shall be  responsible for the  safekeeping
                  and administering of the assets of this Plan  and Trust
                  in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and
                  any  amendments  thereto.   The  duties of  the Trustee
                  under this Agreement shall be  determined solely by the
                  express provisions  of this  Agreement  and no  further
                  duties or responsibility shall be  implied.  Subject to
                  the terms of this Plan and  Trust, the Trustee shall be
                  fully protected and shall incur  no liability in acting
                  in reliance upon the written instructions or directions


                                       -104-
                                   Page 186 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  of the  Administrator or  a duly designated  Investment
                  Manager or any other Named Fiduciary. 

             (B)  The  Trustee   shall  have  all   powers  necessary  or
                  convenient for the orderly and efficient performance of
                  its  duties  hereunder, including  but  not limited  to
                  those  specified  in  this section.    The  Trustee may
                  appoint one or more  administrative agents or  contract
                  for the performance of such administrative  and service
                  functions as it  may deem  necessary for the  effective
                  installation and operation of the Plan and Trust. 

             (C)  The Trustee shall have the power to collect and receive
                  any and all monies and other property due hereunder and
                  to  give full  discharge and  acquittance  therefor; to
                  settle, compromise or submit to arbitration any claims,
                  debits or damages due or owing to or from the Trust; to
                  commence or defend suits or legal proceedings wherever,
                  in its judgment, any interest of the Trust requires it;
                  and  to  represent the  Trust  in  all suits  or  legal
                  proceedings in any court of law or equity or before any
                  other  body or  tribunal.    It  shall have  the  power
                  generally  to  do all  acts,  whether or  not expressly
                  authorized, which the  Trustee in  the exercise of  its
                  Fiduciary   responsibility   may   deem  necessary   or
                  desirable  for  the  protection of  the  Trust  and the
                  assets thereof.

             (D)  The  Trustee  may  temporarily hold  cash  balances and
                  shall be entitled to deposit any such funds received in
                  a bank  account or  bank accounts  in the  name of  the
                  Trust  in any  bank or  banks selected by  the Trustee,
                  including  the  banking   department  of  the  Trustee,
                  pending  disposition of  such funds in  accordance with
                  the  Trust.   Any  such  deposit  may be  made  with or
                  without interest.

             (E)  The Trustee  shall deal with  any assets of  this Trust
                  held or  received under  this Plan  only in  accordance
                  with  the  written directions  from  the Administrator.
                  The  Trustee shall  be under  no duty to  determine any
                  facts or the  propriety of any action  taken or omitted
                  by it in good  faith pursuant to instructions  from the
                  Administrator.

             (F)  If the  whole or  any part  of the  Trust shall  become
                  liable  for the  payment  of  any estate,  inheritance,
                  income or other tax which the Trustee shall be required
                  to pay, the Trustee shall have full power and authority
                  to pay such tax out of  any monies or other property in
                  its hands for the account  of the person whose interest
                  hereunder is so liable.   Prior to making  any payment,
                  the  Trustee   may  require  such   releases  or  other

                                       -105-
                                   Page 187 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                  documents from any lawful taxing  authority as it shall
                  deem necessary.   The Trustee  shall not be  liable for
                  any nonpayment of  tax when it distributes  an interest
                  hereunder on instructions from the Administrator.

             (G)  The Trustee shall  keep a  full, accurate and  detailed
                  record  of  all  transactions of  the  Trust  which the
                  Administrator shall have  the right  to examine at  any
                  time  during  the  Trustee's  regular  business  hours.
                  Following the close of the fiscal year of the Trust, or
                  as  soon as  practical  thereafter, the  Trustee  shall
                  furnish the Administrator with  a statement of account.
                  This   account   shall   set    forth   all   receipts,
                  disbursements and  other transactions  effected by  the
                  Trustee during said year.

                  The Administrator shall promptly  notify the Trustee in
                  writing of its approval or  disapproval of the account.
                  The Administrator's failure  to disapprove the  account
                  within 60  days after  receipt shall  be considered  an
                  approval.  The  approval by the Administrator  shall be
                  binding as to all matters embraced in any statement  to
                  the same extent  as if the  account of the Trustee  had
                  been  settled  by judgment  or  decree  of a  court  of
                  competent   jurisdiction   under  which   the  Trustee,
                  Administrator,  Employer  and  all  persons  having  or
                  claiming  any  interest  in  the  Trust  were  parties;
                  provided,  however,  that  the  Trustee  may  have  its
                  account judicially settled if it so desires.

             (H)  If, at  any time, there  shall be a  dispute as to  the
                  person  to  whom  payment  or  delivery  of  monies  or
                  property should be  made by  the Trustee, or  regarding
                  any action to be taken by  the Trustee, the Trustee may
                  postpone such  payment, delivery  or action,  retaining
                  the  funds  or  property involved,  until  such dispute
                  shall  have  been  resolved  in  a court  of  competent
                  jurisdiction or the Trustee shall have been indemnified
                  to its satisfaction  or until  it has received  written
                  direction from the Administrator.

             (I)  Anything   in   this   instrument   to   the   contrary
                  notwithstanding,  it  shall  be   understood  that  the
                  Trustee  shall  have  no  duty  or responsibility  with
                  respect to  the determination of matters  pertaining to
                  the  eligibility of any Employee  to become or remain a
                  Participant hereunder,  the amount of benefit  to which
                  any  Participant  or   Beneficiary  shall  be  entitled
                  hereunder, all  such responsibilities  being vested  in
                  the Administrator.  The  Trustee shall have no duty  to
                  collect  any contribution from  the Employer  and shall
                  not be concerned  with the  amount of any  contribution
                  nor the application of the contribution formula.

                                       -106-
                                   Page 188 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
          17.7    EVIDENCE  OF TRUSTEE  ACTION.   In the  event that  the
                  Trustee  is  comprised of  two  or more  Trustees, then
                  those  Trustees  may  designate  one  such  Trustee  to
                  transmit all decisions of  the Trustee and to sign  all
                  necessary notices and  other reports  on behalf of  the
                  Trustee.   All notices  and other  reports bearing  the
                  signature of the individual Trustee so designated shall
                  be  deemed to bear the signatures of all the individual
                  Trustees and all  parties dealing with the  Trustee are
                  entitled to rely on any  such notices and other reports
                  as  authentic  and as  representing  the action  of the
                  Trustee.

          17.8    INVESTMENT POLICY.  This Plan  has been established for
                  the   sole  purpose  of   providing  benefits   to  the
                  Participants and  their Beneficiaries.   In determining
                  its  investments  hereunder,  the  Trustee  shall  take
                  account of the advice provided  by the Administrator as
                  to funding policy and the short and long range needs of
                  the Plan based on the evident and probable requirements
                  of the Plan  as to the  time benefits shall be  payable
                  and the requirements therefor.

          17.9    PERIOD OF TRUST.   If it  shall be determined that  the
                  applicable  state  law  requires a  limitation  on  the
                  period   during  which   the  Employer's   Trust  shall
                  continue,  then  such Trust  shall  not continue  for a
                  period longer than 21 years  following the death of the
                  last   of   those    Participants   including    future
                  Participants  who  are  living at  the  effective  date
                  hereof.   At  least 180  days prior  to the end  of the
                  twenty-first year as described in the first sentence of
                  this Section, the  Employer, the Administrator  and the
                  Trustee  shall  provide  for  the  establishment  of  a
                  successor  trust  and transfer  of  Plan assets  to the
                  successor  trustee.    If  the  applicable   state  law
                  requires no  such limitation,  then this  Section shall
                  not be operative.











                                       -107-

                                   Page 189 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                     Exhibit 23.1


                           Consent of Independent Auditors

        We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
        Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-70492) pertaining to the Western Waste
        Industries 1992 Stock Option Plan and in the related Prospectus and
        in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-9358) pertaining to
        the 1983 Incentive Stock Option Plan and the 1983 Non-Qualified Stock
        Option Plan of Western Waste Industries and in the related Prospectus
        and the Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 33-58545) pertaining to
        the registration of 3,000,000 common shares and in the related
        Prospectus of our report dated August 25, 1995, except for Note 8 to
        which the date is September 12, 1995 with respect to the consolidated
        financial statements and schedule of Western Waste Industries
        included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended June 30,
        1995.





                                                      /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

        Long Beach, California
        September 27, 1995





























                                   Page 190 of 191                   <PAGE>
<PAGE>
                           WESTERN WASTE INDUSTRIES
                             21061 S. Western Avenue
                           Torrance, California 90501
                                (310) 328-0999   
                              FAX:  (310) 212-7094




September 27, 1995



Securities and Exchange Commission
Room 104
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20549

Dear Sirs:

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities exchange Act of 1934, we are
transmitting herewith the attached Form 10-K

A filing fee of $250.00 has been wired to the SEC Account at Mellon Bank.

Sincerely,



/s/ Madhu S. Chanini
- -----------------------
Madhu S. Chanini
Vice President
Corporate Controller




















                                   Page 191 of 191                   <PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1995
<CASH>                                           6,484
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   28,993
<ALLOWANCES>                                     1,738
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                47,462
<PP&E>                                         297,114
<DEPRECIATION>                                 100,142
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 293,373
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           32,174
<BONDS>                                         78,882
<COMMON>                                        79,614
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                      80,607
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   293,373
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               270,941
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  196,235
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 1,579
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               5,349
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 30,791
<INCOME-TAX>                                    13,702
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             30,791
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    17,089
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.10
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.10
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
