-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TtyYdy/kUIlNgu2hd7LU558+rIsB7O7E2I5EkUNRrMFpWecsJjzHqIfmXwr8BeEs
 XzrtxxxWmk25GH+9Hxat0w==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950128-96-000216.txt : 19960314
<SEC-HEADER>0000950128-96-000216.hdr.sgml : 19960314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950128-96-000216
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960313
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COND & WARM AIR HEATING EQUIP & COMM & INDL REFRIG EQUIP [3585]
		IRS NUMBER:				250877540
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00977
		FILM NUMBER:		96534438

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WESTINGHOUSE BLDG
		STREET 2:		11 STANWIX STREET
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4122442000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC & MANUFACTURING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710510
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                      1995
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549-1004

                                   FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

[ X ]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
       ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]

                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                            -----------------
                                       OR

[   ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

            FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO 
                                           ------------  ------------

                          COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-977
                                                 -----
                       WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION
                       ---------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          PENNSYLVANIA                                25-0877540
          ------------                                ----------
    (State of Incorporation)            (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

 WESTINGHOUSE BUILDING, 11 STANWIX STREET, PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA 15222-1384
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

                                 (412) 244-2000
                                 --------------
                                (Telephone No.)


SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:

                                           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON 
TITLE OF EACH CLASS                        WHICH REGISTERED
- -------------------                        ------------------------
Common Stock, par value $1.00 per Share    New York Stock Exchange
                                           Pacific Stock Exchange
                                           Chicago Stock Exchange
                                           Boston Stock Exchange
                                           Philadelphia Stock Exchange

7 3/4% Notes due April 15, 1996            New York Stock Exchange


SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: None
<PAGE>   2
    Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X   No
                                              ---     ---

    Indicate by checkmark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  ______

    Westinghouse Electric Corporation had 417,177,880 shares of common stock
outstanding at January 31, 1996. As of that date, the aggregate market value of
common stock held by non-affiliates was $8.1 billion.

DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE PARTS OF THIS REPORT INDICATED:

1.  Portions of Westinghouse Electric Corporation's Notice of 1996 Annual
    Meeting and Proxy Statement filed with the Commission pursuant to
    Regulation 14A of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Proxy
    Statement). (Parts I and III).


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
     The terms "Westinghouse" and "Company" as used in this Report on Form 10-K
refer to Westinghouse Electric Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries
unless the context indicates otherwise.


                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

  Westinghouse Electric Corporation was founded in 1886 and operates under a
corporate charter granted by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1872.  Today,
Westinghouse is a diversified, global company which engages in a wide variety
of businesses through its Westinghouse/CBS Group and its Industries &
Technology Group.  The Westinghouse/CBS Group combines the broadcasting
operations of CBS Inc. (CBS), which the Company acquired in 1995, and Group W
Broadcasting.  The Industries & Technology Group provides services, fuel, and
equipment for the nuclear energy market, services and equipment for the power
generation market, transport refrigeration services,  environmental services
and management services at government-owned facilities, and communication and
information systems.

  The Company dramatically redefined its business portfolio and future
direction by acquiring CBS in November 1995.  As a result, Westinghouse became
the largest television and radio broadcaster in the United States, with 15
television stations and 39 radio stations.  As part of this strategic
redirection, in December 1995, management announced plans to divest the
Company's defense and electronic systems business and The Knoll Group (Knoll),
its office furniture unit.  The sales of Knoll and the defense and electronic
systems business were completed in February and March 1996, respectively.  WCI
Communities, Inc. (WCI), the Company's land development business, was sold in
July 1995.  In accordance with a November 1992 plan, the Company previously
liquidated the majority of its Financial Services business, as well as divested
its Distribution and Control Business Unit (DCBU) and Westinghouse Electric
Supply Company (WESCO).  Financial results for 1995 and prior years include all
of these divested businesses as Discontinued Operations.  For information about
principal acquisitions and divestitures see notes 2 and 3 to the financial
statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.  Other divestitures in
1995 included Aptus, Inc., an environmental subsidiary, and the Company's 62%
interest in MICROS Systems, Inc.

  For financial reporting purposes, the Company's Continuing Operations are
aligned into six segments: Broadcasting, Power Systems, Thermo King, Government
& Environmental Services, Communication & Information Systems, and Other
Businesses.  Except for Broadcasting, all of these reporting segments operate
as part of the Industries & Technology Group.  Results of international
manufacturing entities, export sales, and foreign licensee income are included
in the financial information of the segment that has operating responsibility.
Financial and other information by segment and geographic area is included in
note 21 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

  During 1995, the largest single customer of Westinghouse was the United
States Government and its agencies, whose purchases accounted for 6% of 1995
consolidated sales of products and services of Continuing Operations.  In
addition, the United States Government and its agencies was the largest single
customer of the defense and electronic systems business, which was divested
March 1, 1996.  Although revenues may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, no
material portion of the Company's business was seasonal in nature.





                                       3
<PAGE>   4
OPERATING SEGMENTS

WESTINGHOUSE/CBS GROUP

  The Westinghouse/CBS Group combines the operations of CBS and Group W
Broadcasting.  Its principal businesses include the furnishing of network
television services to affiliated television stations primarily throughout the
United States, the production of news, sports and entertainment programming,
and the operation, under licenses from the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC), of 15 television broadcast stations and 39 radio stations.  The approval
by the FCC of the Company's acquisition of CBS contained a number of temporary
waivers of the FCC's television and radio ownership rules.  The recently
enacted Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the Act) deregulates some of these
rules and makes certain, but not all, of the waivers unnecessary.  Generally,
where waivers continue to be required, the Company intends to file applications
with the FCC seeking permanent waivers.  Other group owners have been granted
similar waivers in recent years.  Based on current FCC policy and precedent,
the Company believes the FCC will grant these waivers.  If these permanent
waivers are not granted, the Company would be required to divest certain of its
television and radio properties.

  The Westinghouse/CBS Group includes the CBS Network; CBS Entertainment, News
and Sports; the CBS Station Group; CBS Production and Distribution; and Group W
Satellite Communications.

  Through the CBS Network, the Westinghouse/CBS Group distributes a
comprehensive schedule of news and public affairs broadcasts, entertainment and
sports programming and feature films to over 200 independently-owned affiliated
stations and its 15 owned and operated television stations, which in the
aggregate serve the 50 states and the District of Columbia, and to certain
overseas affiliated stations.  The CBS Network is responsible for sales of
advertising time for the CBS Network broadcasts and related merchandising and
sales promotion activities.  This division is also responsible for managing the
full range of ongoing activities and areas of mutual concern between the
television network and the independently-owned affiliated stations.

  The CBS Entertainment division produces and otherwise acquires entertainment
series and other programs for all time periods, and acquires feature films for
distribution by the CBS Network for broadcast.  The CBS News division operates
a worldwide news organization which produces regularly scheduled news and
public affairs broadcasts and special reports for the CBS Television and Radio
Station Groups.  This division also produces certain news-oriented programming
for broadcast in the early morning daypart and in designated hours during
primetime.  A unit of the CBS News division produces documentaries for sale to
other media outlets.  The CBS Sports division produces and otherwise acquires
sports programs for distribution by the television network for broadcast.

  The CBS Station Group includes the CBS Television Station and the CBS Radio
Station Groups.  The Television Station Group operates and serves as national
sales representative for the 15 owned television stations.  The larger markets
served by the owned television stations include New York, Los Angeles, Chicago,
Philadelphia, San Francisco, and Boston.  The CBS Radio Station Group operates
18 owned AM radio stations and 21 owned FM radio stations.  The division also
serves as broadcast sales representative for independently-owned AM and FM
radio stations and operates the CBS Radio Network, which serves approximately
585 affiliated stations nationwide.

  CBS Production and Distribution produces and distributes syndicated and
off-network programming for the domestic and international marketplace.  At
year-end 1995, CBS agreed to acquire MAXAM Entertainment, a programmer and
distributor.





                                       4
<PAGE>   5
  Group W Satellite Communications (GWSC) is Westinghouse/CBS Group's cable
television programming, satellite distribution and new media division.  GWSC
provides sports programming and the marketing and advertising for two country
music entertainment channels.

  The network broadcast environment is highly competitive.  The
Telecommunications Act of 1996 provides both new opportunities and potential
new competition for the Westinghouse/CBS Group.  By deregulating station
ownership limits, the Act will allow the Company to pursue strategic growth in
its Radio and Television Station Groups.  The entry of telephone companies into
the video programming and distribution businesses will mean new competition in
program sales, but will also provide new opportunities for the distribution of
CBS programming.

  The CBS Network and the CBS Television Station Group compete for audiences
with other television networks and television stations, as well as with other
video media, including cable television, satellite television services and
videocassettes.  In the sale of advertising, the CBS Network and the CBS
Television Station Group compete with other broadcast networks, other
television stations, cable television systems, and other advertising media.
The CBS Network and the CBS Television Station Group also compete with other
video media for distribution rights to television programming.

  In addition, the CBS Network competes with other television networks to
secure affiliations with independently-owned television stations in markets
across the country, which are necessary to ensure the effective distribution of
network programming to a nationwide audience.  In recent years, competition
among the networks for affiliates has intensified.

  Current and future technological developments may affect competition within
the television field.  Developments in advanced digital technology may enable
competitors to provide "high definition" pictures and sound qualitatively
superior to what television stations now provide.  Development of the
technology to compress digital signals may also permit the same broadcast or
cable channel or satellite transponder to carry multiple video and data
services, and could result in an expanded field of competing services.

  The CBS Radio Station Group competes with other radio networks, independent
radio stations, suppliers of radio programming, and other advertising media.
Developments in radio technology could affect competition in the radio field.
New radio technology, known as "digital audio broadcasting," can provide sound
of the quality of compact discs, which is significantly higher than that now
provided by radio networks and stations using analog technology.

INDUSTRIES & TECHNOLOGY GROUP

  The Industries & Technology Group consists of the following businesses:
Power Systems, Thermo King, Government & Environmental Services, Communication
& Information Systems, and Other Businesses.

Power Systems

  The Power Systems segment consists of the Energy Systems and Power Generation
Business Units which together serve the worldwide market for electrical power
generation.

  The Energy Systems Business Unit primarily serves the worldwide nuclear
energy market through three major areas: operating plant, process control, and
new plant.  About 40% of the world's operating commercial nuclear power
plants incorporate Westinghouse technology.  The business unit supplies a wide
range of operating plant services, ranging from performance-based maintenance
programs to new products and


                                       5
<PAGE>   6
services that enhance plant performance.  It also has complete capabilities for
supplying customers with nuclear fuel for pressurized water reactors.  The
annual market for operating plant services and fuel is over $10 billion in the
United States and $30 billion globally.  The business unit designs and develops
process control systems for nuclear as well as fossil-fueled power plants and
industrial facilities.  The business unit is actively marketing new nuclear
power plants and components for new plants to the worldwide market.  The
business unit is also working with government agencies and industry leaders to
revitalize the nuclear energy option, and is developing a simplified nuclear
power plant design that incorporates passive safety systems.

  The Power Generation Business Unit designs, manufactures and services steam
turbine-generators for nuclear and fossil-fueled power plants, combustion
turbine-generators for natural gas and oil-fired power plants, and constructs
turnkey power plants worldwide.  In addition to serving the electric utility
industry, the business unit supplies, services and operates power plants for
independent power producers and supplies power generation equipment and
services to other non-utility customers.  Growing demand for electrical energy
has contributed to the business unit's growth.  In 1995, the business unit was
awarded orders for approximately 7,000 megawatts of new power generating
capacity.  The domestic market for new generating equipment over the next ten
years is expected to be nearly 80 gigawatts; the international market is
expected to be over 10 times the size of the domestic market.  Manufacturing
joint ventures between subsidiaries of the Company and Shanghai Electric
Corporation (SEC) in the People's Republic of China received final government
approvals in 1995.  Westinghouse holds ownership positions varying between 30
and 40 percent in these ventures.  SEC is China's largest domestic supplier of
turbine generators.  The Power Generation Business Unit is a participant in the
development of emerging technologies which could impact the future power
generation business.

  The United States electric utility industry is restructuring in response
to a new competitive environment brought on by regulatory changes.  Power
Systems has a number of domestic and foreign competitors in the power
generation industry where Westinghouse is recognized as a significant supplier.
Positive factors with respect to competitive position are technology, product
reliability, service capability, and worldwide presence. Negative factors
include reduced opportunities for operating fleet products and services,
continued softness in the domestic electric utility sector, and intense
competition for new unit sales worldwide.  In addition, the worldwide nuclear
industry is a mature business with intense competition.  The principal methods
of competition are technology, product development and performance,
responsiveness, customer service, pricing, and financing.

Thermo King

  Thermo King Company (Thermo King) manufactures a complete line of
transport temperature control equipment, including units for trucks, trailers,
container ships, buses and railway cars, as well as service parts to support
these units, and it supplies mapping software for the truck industry through
its Innovating Computing Corporation subsidiary.  The transport refrigeration
units are powered by diesel fuel, gasoline, propane, or electricity.  Thermo
King maintains five domestic facilities and has international manufacturing
plants in Ireland, Brazil, Spain, Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom, the Czech
Republic, and the People's Republic of China.  It sells products principally
through dealerships located around the world, and its equipment is used in
virtually every country.


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
  Thermo King is subject to competition worldwide for all of its products.  Its
products compete on the basis of reliability, service, technology, warranty,
product performance, and cost.  In addition, Thermo King's customers and end
users are concerned about environmental issues, especially chlorofluorocarbons,
noise pollution, and engine emissions.  Thermo King designs its products to
meet or exceed all environmental requirements.

Government & Environmental Services

  The Westinghouse Government & Environmental Services Company includes
Environmental Services and the management of certain government-owned
facilities and the U.S. naval nuclear reactors programs.

  Environmental Services provides a variety of environmental remediation and
toxic, hazardous and radioactive waste treatment services and municipal solid
waste incineration services.  Westinghouse Remediation Services, Inc. provides
comprehensive toxic and hazardous waste remediation services, including mobile,
on-site environmental treatment technologies.  The Scientific Ecology Group,
Inc.  offers a broad range of on- and off-site services to manage radioactive
materials and mixed wastes, including the only commercially-licensed
radioactive waste incinerator and the only recycling facility for radioactively
contaminated metals in the United States.  Resource Energy Systems operates
power plants that provide municipal incinerator services.  In March 1995, the
Company sold Aptus, Inc., which provided toxic and hazardous waste
incineration, treatment, transportation, storage, and analysis services.  The
Company continues to review its portfolio of environmental businesses to
determine how best to focus its efforts.

  Through the following subsidiaries and divisions of Westinghouse Government &
Environmental Services Company, the Company manages four government-owned
facilities under contracts with the United States Department of Energy (DOE):
Westinghouse Savannah River Company, Inc., Westinghouse Hanford Company, West
Valley Nuclear Services, Inc., and the Waste Isolation Division.  In addition,
the Company was awarded a major five year subcontract at the DOE Rocky Flats
facility in May 1995.  The principal mission at these sites is cleanup, waste
management and the safe management of the nation's nuclear materials inventory.
In March 1996, the Company was awarded a nine-year Department of Defense (DoD)
contract to destroy chemical weapons at the Anniston Army Depot in Anniston,
Alabama.  The federal government reserves the right to terminate these
contracts for convenience.

  The government-funded U.S. naval nuclear reactors programs consist of the
Company's Navy nuclear and technical support businesses.  These businesses
include the Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory, the Plant Apparatus Division, the
Machinery Apparatus Operation, and the Machinery Technology Division, which
provides technical engineering services to the Naval Sea Systems Command.  In
December 1995, Westinghouse announced the closing of the Machinery Technology
Division due to the loss of the prime contract with the Navy.

  Competition for services provided by businesses in the Government &
Environmental Services segment is based on price, technology preference,
environmental experience, performance reputation and, with respect to certain
businesses, availability of permitted treatment or disposal facilities.


Communication & Information Systems

  The Communication and Information Systems Company (CISCO) was formed in
November 1995 to focus attention on a number of smaller, yet high potential
businesses.  CISCO includes businesses that previously resided in various
larger divisions within the Company.  This segment is grouped around three
businesses: security, network communications and wireless communications.


                                       7
<PAGE>   8
  The security business is a leading, national provider of monitored home
and vehicle security products and services.  It provides electronic access
control systems to commercial customers and integrated surveillance equipment
to federal, state and local law enforcement agencies around the world.

  Network communications provides voice, data, video and network
communication services to small and medium sized customers.  CISCO provides
these services through its network infrastructure as well as through purchase
resale.

  Wireless communications consists of a number of businesses ranging from
satellite ground station networks to mobile satellite terminals to wireless
mobile services.  Many of the businesses' core skills and capabilities were
derived from Westinghouse's experience in the defense electronics arena.

  CISCO is subject to a wide range of both domestic and international
competition for many of its products and services including major long distance
providers and smaller purchase/resellers.  Its products compete on the bases of
product features, reliability, technology, product performance, customer
service, and cost.

Other Businesses

  These businesses generally were deemed non-strategic.  The divestitures of
these businesses are essentially complete.


DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

  During 1995, Discontinued Operations consisted of Knoll, the defense and
electronic systems business, Financial Services and WCI.  Knoll and the defense
and electronic systems business were part of a plan adopted in December 1995;
these divestitures were completed in the first quarter of 1996.  The disposal
of WCI was included in a July 1995 plan.

  During 1995, the Company continued to liquidate Financial Services.  The
remaining assets consist of the leasing portfolio and are expected to liquidate
in accordance with contractual terms.


RAW MATERIALS

  The Company has experienced no significant difficulty with respect to sources
and availability of raw materials essential to its businesses.

PATENTS

  Westinghouse owns or is licensed under a large number of patents and patent
applications in the United States and other countries that, taken together, are
of material importance to its businesses. Such patent rights are, in the
judgment of the Company, adequate for the conduct of its business. None of its
important products, however, are covered by exclusive controlling patent rights
that preclude the manufacture of competitive products by others.

BACKLOG

  The backlog of firm orders of the Company's Continuing Operations,
excluding amounts associated with litigation settlements, was $6,682 million
and $6,580 million at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  Of the 1995
backlog, $4,319 million is expected to be liquidated after 1996.  In addition
to the reported backlog, the Company provides certain non-Westinghouse products
primarily for nuclear steam supply customers.


                                       8
<PAGE>   9
Backlog for the Company is as follows:

  Power Systems backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994 was $5,698 million and
$5,305 million, respectively.  Energy Systems backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994
was $2,592 million and $2,623 million, respectively.  Power Generation backlog
at year-end 1995 and 1994 was $3,106 million and $2,682 million, respectively.
Backlog of $3,639 million is expected to be liquidated after 1996.

  Thermo King backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994 was $174 million and $280
million, respectively.  Backlog of $67 million is expected to be liquidated
after 1996.

  Government and Environmental Services backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994
was $674 million and $718 million, respectively.  Backlog of $582 million is
expected to be liquidated after 1996.

  Communication and Information Systems backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994
was $97 million and $154 million, respectively.  Backlog of $19 million is
expected to be liquidated after 1996.

  Other Businesses backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994 was $8 million and $65
million, respectively.  Backlog of $2 million is expected to be liquidated
after 1996.

  Also included in backlog at year-end 1995 and 1994 was $31 million and $58
million, respectively, attributable to Corporate and Other, of which $10
million is expected to be liquidated after 1996.  This backlog primarily
relates to research activities for outside customers.


ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

  Information with respect to Environmental Matters is incorporated herein by
reference to Management's Discussion and Analysis -- Environmental Matters
included in Part II, Item 7 and in note 17 to the financial statements included
in Part II, Item 8 of this report.


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

  Data with respect to research and development is incorporated herein by
reference to note 21 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of
this report.


EMPLOYEE RELATIONS

  During 1995, Westinghouse employed an average of 77,813 people, of whom
approximately 64,000 were located in the United States.  Included in the 1995
average employees were 26,290 employees associated with government-owned
facilities and the U.S. naval nuclear reactors programs and 17,533 employees in
Discontinued Operations.  During the same period, approximately 8,800 domestic
employees were represented in collective bargaining by 21 labor organizations.
Of these employees, 36% were represented by unions that are affiliated with,
and/or bargain in conjunction with, one of three national unions, namely, the
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; the International Union of
Electronic, Electrical, Salaried, Machine and Furniture Workers; and the
Federation of Independent Salaried Unions.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10
  In August 1994, the Company negotiated four-year agreements with these
unions, currently representing about 6,300 employees.  The basic agreements
provided lump sum wage increases of $1,000 in 1994 and $500 in 1995 and wage
increases of 2.5% each in August 1995 and 1996, and 3% in August 1997.  In
addition, there are seven potential cost-of-living increases.  The agreements
also included major restructuring of the health care delivery system
introducing new managed care networks; restructuring of the employee security
and protection plan; and a restructured pension plan to enable the Company to
address issues related to underfunding.  Management believes that the 1994
labor agreements represent a balanced and competitive package of pay and
benefits particularly well suited for Westinghouse and its employees.


FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS

  Information with respect to foreign and domestic operations and export sales
is incorporated herein by reference to note 21 to the financial statements
included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.

  At December 31, 1995, the Company's Continuing Operations owned or leased
697 locations totalling more than 30 million square feet of floor area in the
United States and 38 foreign countries.  Domestic locations of Continuing
Operations comprised approximately 86% of the total space.

  Facilities leased in the United States accounted for approximately 23% of
the total space occupied by Continuing Operations and facilities leased in
foreign countries accounted for approximately 5% of the total space occupied by
Continuing Operations. No individual lease was material.

  A number of manufacturing plants and other facilities formerly used in
operations are either vacant, partially utilized, or leased to others. All of
these plants are expected to be sold, leased, or otherwise utilized.  Except
for these facilities, the Company's physical properties are adequate and
suitable, with an appropriate level of utilization, for the conduct of its
business in the future.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


  (a)  In October 1990, Houston Lighting and Power Company and its co-owners
filed a lawsuit against the Company and two individual defendants (one current
and one retired employee of the Company) in the District Court of Matagorda
County, Texas, relating to the Company's supply of nuclear steam supply systems
for the South Texas Project.  Trial commenced in this action on July 5, 1995.
On December 7, 1995, the parties reached an agreement resolving all claims
asserted in this matter.

  (b) In October 1990, Commonwealth Edison Company (Commonwealth Edison)
filed a lawsuit against the Company in the Circuit Court in Cook County,
Illinois, for an unspecified amount of damages, including treble and punitive
damages, based on the Company's supply of nuclear steam supply systems for
Commonwealth Edison's Zion, Byron, and Braidwood plants.  Commonwealth Edison's
Second Amended Complaint sets forth counts of common law fraud, violation of
the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Practices Act, and violations of the
Federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization Act (RICO) statute.
Subsequently, Commonwealth Edison disclosed that it was seeking approximately
$1.2 billion of damages.  A trial date is scheduled for July 1996.


                                       10
<PAGE>   11
  (c)  In February 1993, Portland General Electric Company (Portland) filed a
lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court (USDC) for the
Western District of Pennsylvania seeking unspecified damages based on claims
for breach of contract, negligence, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and
violations of the federal RICO statute and the Oregon RICO statute, relating to
the Company's design, manufacture and installation of steam generators at the
Trojan Nuclear Plant, an electric generating facility located in Ranier,
Oregon.  Also in February 1993, the Eugene Water & Electric Board (the Board),
a 30% owner of the Trojan Nuclear Plant, filed a suit containing essentially
the same allegations and seeking unspecified damages.   A declaratory judgment
that the steam generators are defective and the Company is liable for expenses,
including replacement power, incurred as a result of the alleged defects, was
also sought in both cases.  Although the Board's suit was filed in the USDC for
the District of Oregon, its motion to change the venue to the USDC for the
Western District of Pennsylvania was granted.  In April 1993, on Portland's
motion, the Board's case was consolidated with the Portland case.  The
consolidated claims sought total damages of approximately $350 million.  In
June 1993, the court granted the Company's motion to dismiss plaintiffs' claims
for negligence and negligent misrepresentation.  The court also dismissed, in
part, the plaintiffs' claims under Section 1962(b) of the federal RICO statute
relating to the Trojan project enterprise.  On May 17, 1995, the USDC dismissed
the Board's claims after the Company and the Board agreed on a settlement.  The
claims of Portland are scheduled for trial in 1996.

  (d)  In July 1993, Northern States Power Company (NSP) filed a lawsuit
against the Company in the USDC for the District of Minnesota for an unspecified
amount of damages, including treble and punitive damages, based on the Company's
supply of steam generators at NSP's Prairie Island Nuclear Plant. The complaint
sets forth counts for breach of contract, fraud, negligent misrepresentation,
violations of the RICO statute and violations of the Minnesota Prevention of
Consumer Fraud Act.  Subsequently, NSP disclosed that it is seeking
approximately $317 million of damages.  This case is scheduled for trial in
March 1996.

  (e)  On February 27, 1996, suit was brought against the Company in the USDC
for the District of New Jersey by Public Service Electric & Gas Company, PECO
Energy Company, Atlantic City Electric Company, and Delaware Power & Light
Company, the owners of the Salem Generating Station.  The suit alleges counts
under the RICO statute, for fraud and for negligent misrepresentation and for
breach of contract in connection with the Company's supply of steam generators
and for service orders in 1993 and 1995 related to these steam generators.

  (f)  In August 1988, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources
(PDER) filed a complaint against the Company alleging violations of the
Pennsylvania Clean Streams Law at the Company's Gettysburg, Pennsylvania,
elevator plant.  The PDER requested that the Environmental Hearing Board assess
a penalty in the amount of $9 million.  The Company has denied these
allegations.  The parties completed discovery and a portion of the hearing on
the complaint began in 1991.  The hearing resumed in 1992 and concluded in
February 1993.  All post-trial briefs have been filed and the parties await a
decision.

  (g)  In March 1993, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources
(PDER) filed a complaint against CBS with the Pennsylvania Environmental
Hearing Board, seeking the imposition of penalties for violations of the Clean
Streams Law and the Solid Waste Management Act.  The complaint alleged that the
violations occurred in the toy manufacturing plant located in East Lampeter
Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.  The PDER sought penalties of $6
million.  In February 1996,  PDER and CBS reached an agreement to settle this
enforcement action.  Under the terms of the agreement, CBS will pay a penalty
in the amount of $150,000, and provide $300,000 to PDER in order to enable it
to fund community environmental improvement projects.


                                       11
<PAGE>   12
  (h)  The Company has been defending, in the USDC for the Western District of
Pennsylvania (the District Court), consolidated class and derivative actions
and an individual lawsuit brought by shareholders of the Company against the
Company, Westinghouse Financial Services, Inc.  (WFSI) and Westinghouse Credit
Corporation (WCC), previously subsidiaries of the Company, and/or certain
present and former directors and officers of the Company, as well as other
unrelated parties.  Together, these actions allege various federal securities
law and common law violations arising out of alleged misstatements or omissions
contained in the Company's public filings concerning the financial condition of
the Company, WFSI and WCC in connection with a $975 million charge to earnings
announced on February 27, 1991, a public offering of Westinghouse common stock
in May 1991, a $1,680 million charge to earnings announced on October 7, 1991,
and alleged misrepresentations regarding the adequacy of internal controls at
the Company, WFSI and WCC.  In July 1993, the court dismissed in its entirety
the derivative claim and dismissed most of the class action claims, with leave
to replead certain claims in both actions.  Both actions were subsequently
repled.  On January 20, 1995, the court again dismissed the derivative
complaint in its entirety with prejudice.  On February 8, 1995, this dismissal
was appealed.  Also on January 20, 1995, the court dismissed the class action
claims, but granted plaintiffs the right to replead certain of the class action
claims.  Plaintiffs, in the class action, did not replead the claims and on
February 28, 1995, the court dismissed these claims in their entirety.
Plaintiffs in both the derivative and class action suits appealed the rulings
and dismissals of their claims by the District Court.  Oral arguments were made
before the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit on November 2,
1995 and the parties await a decision.

  (i)  In February 1993, the Company was sued by 108 former employees who were
laid off subsequent to the cancellation by the federal government of all
contracts pertaining to the carrier-based A-12 aircraft program.  The complaint
alleges age discrimination on the part of the Company.  The suit was filed in
the USDC for the District of Maryland.  The plaintiffs seek back pay with
benefits and reinstatement of jobs or front pay.  In April 1993, the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a class-action, age
discrimination suit against Westinghouse in the USDC for the District of
Maryland on behalf of 388 former Westinghouse employees (which includes the
aforementioned 108 employees) who were laid off or involuntarily terminated
from employment subsequent to the federal government's cancellation of all
contracts pertaining to the carrier-based A-12 aircraft program.  The suit
alleges age discrimination and discriminatory employment practices.  The suit
seeks back pay, interest, liquidated damages, reinstatement of jobs, court
costs and other appropriate relief.  In May 1993, these two cases were
consolidated by the court.  The court has adopted a trial structure which
contemplates separate trials for plaintiffs in each of the 10 business segments
within the Electronic Systems Group (ESG) at the time of the February 1991
reduction-in-force.  The first of these trials is expected to begin some time
during the second quarter of 1996; additional trials have not yet been
scheduled.  In preparation for the first trial, the parties have engaged in
extensive discovery, which was largely concluded in June 1995.  Approximately
125 plaintiffs have been dismissed with prejudice from the action.

  (j)  The Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits claiming various
asbestos-related personal injuries, which allegedly occurred from use or
inclusion of asbestos in certain of the Company's products, generally in the
pre-1970 time period.  Typically, these lawsuits are brought against multiple
defendants.  The Company was neither a manufacturer nor a producer of asbestos
and is often-times dismissed from these lawsuits on the basis that the Company
has no relationship to the products in question or the claimant did not have
exposure to the Company's product.  At December 31, 1995, the Company had
approximately 75,000 claims outstanding against it.  In court actions which
have been resolved, the Company has prevailed in the vast majority of the
asbestos claims and has resolved others through settlement.  Furthermore, the
Company has brought suit against certain of


                                       12
<PAGE>   13
its insurance carriers with respect to these asbestos claims.  Under the terms
of a settlement agreement resulting from this suit, carriers which have agreed
to the settlement are now reimbursing the Company for a substantial portion of
its current costs and settlements associated with asbestos claims.

  A number of the asbestos-related cases pending against the Company,
including those pending in Mississippi, Baltimore and West Virginia, are
consolidated cases.  In consolidated cases, the claims of a group of plaintiffs
are tried together, and oftentimes limited findings with respect to common
issues of fact and punitive damages are decided with respect to a
representative grouping of plaintiffs and then applied to other individuals in
the group.  However, for the Company to be liable for damages to any particular
claimant, that individual claimant must prove that he developed an
asbestos-related disease, that he was exposed to a Westinghouse product, and
that this exposure was a substantial factor in the development of the disease.

  (k)  In August of 1993, the bankruptcy Trustee for the Bonneville Pacific
Corporation (Bonneville) sued over 70 defendants, including Westinghouse, in
federal district court in Salt Lake City, Utah.  The Trustee's claims against
the group of defendants, including Westinghouse; Deloitte & Touche; Mayer,
Brown & Platt; Piper Jaffray, Inc.; and Kidder Peabody and Company, are
numerous, but consist primarily of common law fraud and aiding and abetting in
breaches of fiduciary duty on the part of former officers and directors of
Bonneville.  There are also claims by the Trustee for the tort of conspiracy
and civil RICO violations.  Westinghouse has filed numerous motions seeking
dismissal of the claims and has filed a denial of the allegations.  The
Company's involvement with Bonneville consisted of four sale- leaseback
transactions in co-generation projects through its former subsidiary, WCC.  On
October 6, 1994, the Trustee filed its preliminary damage calculation which
totalled $647 million against a group of defendants, including Westinghouse, on
a theory of joint and several liability.  The Trustee is also seeking treble
damages based upon the Trustee's position that a violation of civil RICO has
occurred.  Westinghouse continues to reject the validity of the claims and
believes that the preliminary damage calculations are without merit.  At this
time, the parties are engaged in discovery.

  (l)  A description of the derivative litigation involving certain of the
Company's current and past directors is incorporated herein by reference to
"Litigation Involving Derivative Claims Against Directors" in the Proxy
Statement.

  (m)  The Company was one of several defendants in a fraudulent conveyance
action filed on August 16, 1994 by the unsecured creditors committee of
Phar-Mor, Inc. seeking return of the proceeds of an August 1991, Phar-Mor
tender offer in which the Company received about $30 million, and an additional
$20 million from the tender of Phar-Mor stock by the DeBartolo Family Limited
Partnership (DeBartolo) pursuant to a Westinghouse loan to DeBartolo secured by
DeBartolo's Phar-Mor holdings.  The fraudulent conveyance action was
transferred from bankruptcy court in Cleveland to the Western District of
Pennsylvania and consolidated with other Phar-Mor litigation.  A defense motion
for summary judgment in the fraudulent conveyance action was granted on August
22, 1995, and the unsecured creditors have appealed.

  Included in the consolidated cases pending in the Western District of
Pennsylvania is an action by the Company seeking damages in connection with
loans to, and equity investments in, Phar-Mor.  On May 2, 1995, the Company
concluded a settlement in this litigation with Phar-Mor's chief executive
officer and controlling shareholder and certain other parties which resulted in
the dismissal of all cross-claims and third-party complaints between the
Company and these parties.  Remaining were the Company's claims against Coopers
& Lybrand (Coopers), Phar-Mor's former accountants, for securities violations,
fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and breach of contracts to which the
Company was a third-party beneficiary.  Coopers


                                       13
<PAGE>   14
obtained a summary judgment on the negligent misrepresentation claim, and on
certain of the breach of contract claims.  Trial commenced on September 27,
1995, and on February 14, 1996, a federal jury found Coopers liable for
violations of securities laws and common law fraud.  The damage portion of the
trial is expected to commence in April 1996.

  Litigation is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict.
Substantial damages are sought in each of the foregoing matters and although
management believes a significant adverse judgment is unlikely, any such
judgment could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations for a quarter or a year.  However, based on its understanding and
evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, management believes that
the Company has meritorious defenses to the litigation described in items (b)
through (l) above, and management believes that the litigation should not have
a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

None during the fourth quarter of 1995.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

  The names, offices, and positions held during the past five years by each of
the executive officers of the Company as of March 1, 1996 are listed below.
Officers are elected annually.  There are no family relationships among any of
the executive officers of the Company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         AGE AT
NAME, OFFICES, AND POSITIONS                                          MARCH 1, 1996
- ----------------------------                                          -------------
<S>                                                                          <C>
Michael H. Jordan - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                     59
      since June 30, 1993; Partner with Clayton, Dublier &
      Rice, Inc. from September 1992 to June 1993;
      Chairman of PepsiCo International Foods and
      Beverages Division from December 1990 to
      September 1992.  Prior to December 1990, Mr. Jordan
      held numerous other management positions of
      increasing responsibility at PepsiCo International.

Gary M. Clark - President since June 30, 1993; President and                 60
      Acting Chief Executive Officer from January 27, 1993 to
      June 30, 1993; Member of President's Office from
      January 1, 1993 to January 27, 1993; Executive Vice President,
      Industries and Corporate Resources from December 1990 to
      January 1993; Executive Vice President, Industries from
      January 1989 to December 1990.

Frank R. Bakos - President, Power Generation since August 1994;              58
      Vice President and General Manager, Power Generation
      from January 1989 to August 1994.

Louis J. Briskman - Senior Vice President and General Counsel                47
      since January 1994; Senior Vice President, Secretary and
      General Counsel from January 1993 to January 1994;
      Deputy General Counsel from January 1989 to January 1993.
</TABLE>


                                       14
<PAGE>   15
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>
Francis J. Harvey - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating             52
    Officer, Industry & Technology Group since March 1, 1996;
    President, Electronic Systems from March 1, 1995 to February 29,
    1996; President, Westinghouse Government and Environmental
    Services Co. from January 1994 to March 1, 1995; Vice President,
    Science and Technology from July 1993 to January 1994; General
    Manager, Marine Division from July 1986 to July 1993.

Peter A. Lund - Chief Executive Officer and President of CBS Inc. since      55
    November 28, 1995; President, CBS/Broadcast Group, from February
    1995 to November 27, 1995; President, CBS Television Network, from
    March 1994 to February 1995; Executive Vice President of
    CBS/Broadcast Group, from October 1990 to March 1994.

James S. Moore - President, Westinghouse Government & Environmental          59
    Services Company since March 1, 1995; Senior Vice President,
    Corporate Human Resources and Total Quality from January 1993 to
    March 1, 1995; Vice President of Executive Resources and Development
    from July 1991 to January 1993; President, Westinghouse Savannah
    River Company from September 1988 to July 1991.

Fredric G. Reynolds - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial           45
    Officer since March 1994; Senior Vice President, Finance, and
    Chief Financial Officer, PepsiCo International Foods from
    December 1990 to March 1994; Senior Vice President, Finance,
    and Chief Financial Officer, Frito-Lay from May 1989 to December
    1990.

James F. Watson, Jr. - President, Thermo King since February 1993;           58
    Vice President and General Manager, North American Division
    of Thermo King from October 1983 to February 1993.

Nathaniel D. Woodson - President, Energy Systems since August 1994;          54
    Vice President and General Manager, Energy Systems from November
    1990 to August 1994; President, International from March 1989 to
    November 1990.
</TABLE>


                                PART II


ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

  The principal markets for the Company's common stock are identified on
page 1 of this report.  The remaining information required by this item appears
on page 58 of this report and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

  The information required by this item appears on page 58 of this report
and is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS.

  The information required by this item appears on pages 17 through 29 of
this report and is incorporated herein by reference.


                                       15
<PAGE>   16
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

  The information required by this item, together with the report of Price
Waterhouse LLP dated February 12, 1996, appears on pages 30 through 58 of this
report and is incorporated herein by reference.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                PAGE
      <S>                                                                        <C>
      Report of Management                                                       30

      Report of Independent Accountants                                          30

      Consolidated Statement of Income for each of the three years in the        31
        period ended December 31, 1995

      Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1995 and 1994                   32

      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the    33
        period ended December 31, 1995

      Notes to the Financial Statements                                          34

      Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited)                                57

      Five-Year Summary Selected Financial and Statistical Data (unaudited)      58
</TABLE>


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

        None.


                                       16
<PAGE>   17
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OVERVIEW

During 1995, the Corporation made a dramatic shift in its business portfolio
and future direction. This transformation was hallmarked by the $5.4 billion
acquisition of CBS Inc. (CBS) in November 1995. As a result, Westinghouse
became the largest television and radio broadcaster in the country, with 15
television stations reaching 33% of U.S. households and 39 radio stations
covering 35% of the nation. The CBS Television Network is a long-standing,
branded consumer trademark with a strong heritage and worldwide recognition.

To finance the acquisition of CBS and replace existing credit facilities, the
Corporation successfully obtained new credit facilities under a credit
agreement with a commitment level of $7.5 billion in September 1995. This
financing was substantially oversubscribed by lenders.

As part of this strategic redirection, in December 1995, the Corporation
announced a plan to divest its defense and electronic systems business and The
Knoll Group (Knoll), its office furnishings unit. Proceeds from the sales of
these units will be used to repay approximately 65% of the debt incurred to
finance the CBS acquisition. This action will provide added financial
flexibility to invest in broadening the scope and global reach of the
Corporation's media and other businesses.

In December 1995, the Corporation reached a definitive agreement to sell Knoll
for $565 million of cash. In January 1996, an agreement was executed for the
sale of the Corporation's defense and electronic systems business for $3
billion of cash, and the assumption of approximately $500 million of pension
and postretirement benefit liabilities associated with active employees of the
business. The substantial turnaround of Knoll's operations in 1995 and the
strategic technology and defense programs of the defense and electronic systems
business, coupled with strong operating performance, enabled management to
obtain attractive values for these businesses. These transactions are expected
to be completed during the first quarter of 1996.

During 1995, the Corporation made substantial progress in paying down
non-acquisition debt. In total, more than $1.4 billion of assets were
monetized, enabling the Corporation to exceed its $1 billion debt repayment
target established a year ago. During 1995, the Corporation sold:

- -  WCI Communities, Inc. (WCI) for $430 million of cash and retained
   approximately $125 million of mortgage notes receivable and securities,

- -  the majority of the remaining real estate portfolio investments of Financial
   Services generating cash proceeds of more than $360 million,

- -  investments held in two trusts established to fund non-qualified executive
   benefit plans for proceeds of $305 million, and

- -  other non-strategic businesses for proceeds approximating $300 million of
   cash.

These strategic changes and debt reduction activities affected the presentation
of the Corporation's financial information included in this report as follows:

- -  results for CBS are included in the Corporation's financial statements
   subsequent to the acquisition date of November 24, 1995,

- -  the operating results for the defense and electronic systems business, Knoll
   and WCI are presented as Discontinued Operations separately from Continuing
   Operations for all periods, and

- -  all of the Corporation's debt is included in Continuing Operations except
   for the remaining Financial Services debt that is expected to be repaid 
   through the liquidation of the leasing portfolio. However, in connection 
   with the transfer of the defense and electronic systems business and Knoll 
   to Discontinued Operations, interest expense was allocated to Discontinued
   Operations for all periods. See note 3 to the financial statements.

The Corporation reported net income of $15 million in 1995 and $77 million in
1994 and a loss of $326 million in 1993. Net income (loss) includes results
from Continuing Operations, Discontinued Operations, and the cumulative effect
of a change in an accounting principle as presented below:


Components of Net Income (Loss) (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                  1995    1994    1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>     <C>     <C>
Loss from Continuing Operations        $(44)   $(13)   $(246)
Income (loss) from Discontinued
  Operations                             59      90      (24)
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle                    -       -      (56)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                      $ 15    $ 77    $(326)
- ------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Included in 1995 results for Continuing Operations were pre-tax provisions of
$86 million ($53 million after tax) for restructuring activities, $236 million
($147 million after tax) related to the Philippines and steam generator
litigation matters, and a gain from the sale of MICROS Systems, Inc. (MICROS)
of $115 million ($66 million after tax). Included in the 1995 results of
Discontinued Operations were after-tax charges of $30 million for additional
restructuring and $76 million for the estimated loss on the disposal of WCI.


                                  17

<PAGE>   18

Included in 1994 results were pre-tax provisions related to Continuing
Operations of $23 million ($14 million after tax) for additional restructuring
activities and $308 million ($195 million after tax) for the settlement of a
portion of the Corporation's pension obligation.  In 1994, the results of
Discontinued Operations included an after-tax charge of $37 million related to
restructuring activities.

The 1993 results included pre-tax provisions related to Continuing Operations
of $249 million ($162 million after tax) for restructuring and $400 million
($265 million after tax) for the disposition of non-strategic businesses and
costs for certain litigation and environmental contingencies. The 1993 results
of Discontinued Operations included after-tax provisions of $66 million for
restructuring and $95 million for estimated disposal costs of Discontinued
Operations. The 1993 results also included an after-tax charge of $56 million
for the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 112,
"Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." See the notes to the
financial statements for further discussion of these matters.

Excluding the after-tax effect of certain special charges described above,
income from Continuing Operations was $90 million for 1995 compared to $196
million for 1994 and $181 million for 1993. Excluding all of the special
charges described above, net income was $255 million for 1995 compared to $323
million for 1994 and $318 million for 1993.

Earnings per share data appear below. The computation of fully diluted earnings
per share assumes that the conversion of the Series B Conversion Preferred
Stock (Series B Preferred), which converted to common stock on September 1,
1995, occurred at the beginning of the year. See note 15 to the financial
statements.

Earnings (loss) Per Common Share
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                   1995       1994        1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>        <C>
Primary earnings (loss) per common share:
  Continuing Operations                                 $(.19)     $(.16)     $ (.84)
  Discontinued Operations                                 .14        .23        (.07)
  Cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                                    -          -        (.16)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Primary earnings (loss) per common share              $(.05)     $ .07      $(1.07)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fully diluted earnings (loss) per common share:
  Continuing Operations                                 $(.10)     $(.16)     $ (.84)
  Discontinued Operations                                 .13        .23        (.07)
  Cumulative effect of change in
    accounting principle                                    -          -        (.16)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Fully diluted earnings (loss)  per common share       $ .03      $ .07      $(1.07)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS-CONTINUING OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS-CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                           Operating Profit (Loss)
                                          Sales of Products and Services   Operating Profit (Loss)        Excluding Special Charges
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                       1995      1994      1993     1995      1994      1993       1995       1994       1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Broadcasting:
  Television                               $  691    $  379    $  335    $ 161     $ 130     $  92      $ 161      $ 130      $  92
  Radio                                       251       208       215       55        47        44         55         47         44
  Other Broadcasting                          166       155       155       (4)       20         3         (4)        18         15
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Broadcasting                          1,108       742       705      212       197       139        212        195        151
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Power Systems:
  Energy Systems                            1,369     1,364     1,420      114       114       164        130        140        209
  Power Generation                          1,769     1,715     1,786      (16)      130        (2)        12        125        124
  Other Power Systems                        (138)     (149)     (123)    (305)      (79)     (201)       (69)       (79)       (76)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Power Systems                         3,000     2,930     3,083     (207)      165       (39)        73        186        257
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thermo King                                 1,065       877       719      176       135       113        176        135        113
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Government & Environmental Services:
  Government Operations                       144       116       104       86        76        71         86         76         71
  Environmental Services                      302       341       313      (62)      (18)      (43)       (62)       (14)       (11)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Government & Environmental Services     446       457       417       24        58        28         24         62         60
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Communication & Information Systems           361       312       279       (1)        7        (3)         2          7          8
Other Businesses                              305       524       533        9         2       (38)         9          2        (33)
Corporate and Other                            90       153       155     (169)     (159)     (234)      (130)      (159)      (136)
Intersegment Sales                            (79)     (106)     (112)       -         -         -          -          -          -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                      $6,296    $5,889    $5,779    $  44     $ 405     $ (34)     $ 366      $ 428      $ 420
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                                      18

<PAGE>   19

With the strategic redirection of the Corporation and the shift in the
Corporation's business portfolio, management realigned the business segments
for financial reporting purposes. In 1995, a new segment, Communication
& Information Systems, was created that includes Westinghouse Communications,
formerly a part of the Broadcasting segment, and the communication and
information systems divisions of the former Electronic Systems segment. In
addition, Resource Energy Systems, previously included in the Other Businesses
segment, has been included in the Government & Environmental Services segment.
Corporate overhead costs, which were formerly allocated to the individual
segments, are now included in Corporate and Other. Segment information for 1994
and 1993 has been restated to reflect these changes.

The Corporation's consolidated revenues from sales of products and services
increased $407 million in 1995 compared to 1994 primarily due to the
acquisition of CBS and increased volume at Thermo King, offset partially by the
divestiture of non-strategic businesses. The Corporation's consolidated
revenues were essentially flat in 1994 compared to 1993, totalling
approximately $5.8 billion. Operating profit for each of the last three years
included special charges related to restructuring activities, which totalled
$86 million in 1995, $23 million in 1994, and $249 million in 1993. Other
special charges of $236 million for litigation matters were included in
operating profit in 1995. In 1993, other special charges included in operating
profit were $125 million for litigation costs, $60 million for Corporate
environmental costs and $20 million for asset writeoffs associated with
projects that were discontinued.

The improvements in 1995 segment operating profit resulting from Thermo King's
increased volume and reduced corporate overhead costs were more than offset by
the decline in profitability of the Power Systems segment. The recognition of
higher costs for disposal of secondary waste in the Environmental Services unit
also contributed to the decline in profits in 1995.

Results for the Corporation continue to be affected by higher pension costs
resulting from unfunded pension obligations and by the costs associated with
litigation matters. Although the Corporation's objective is to reduce these
earnings constraints over the next few years, management expects that they will
continue to negatively affect operating results in 1996.

Broadcasting

The results for CBS subsequent to the completion of the acquisition on November
24, 1995 are included in the results for the Broadcasting segment. Sales and
operating profit for CBS for this 37-day period totalled $303 million and $9
million, respectively.

The results for television include those for 15 television stations, as well as
the CBS Television Network. The reported results for television and radio
include depreciation and amortization of specifically identifiable assets based
on their fair values when acquired. Amortization of goodwill arising from the
CBS acquisition is not readily separable among the CBS operations. As a result,
all of the amortization of this goodwill, which approximates $120 million per
year, is included in the results for "Other Broadcasting."

The approval by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) of the
Corporation's acquisition of CBS contained a number of temporary waivers of the
FCC's television and radio ownership rules. The recently enacted
Telecommunications Act of 1996 deregulates some of these rules and makes
certain, but not all of the waivers unnecessary.

Generally, where waivers continue to be required, the Corporation intends to
file applications with the FCC seeking permanent waivers. Other group owners
have been granted similar waivers in recent years. Based on current FCC policy
and precedent, the Corporation believes the FCC will grant these waivers. If
these permanent waivers are not granted, the Corporation would be required to
divest certain of its television and radio properties.

Performance for the year for Broadcasting excluding CBS was strong. Revenues
increased 8% from 1994 to $805 million. Operating profit, excluding a $2
million adjustment for restructuring costs in 1994, increased 4% to $203
million. For the year, strong performances from radio and television operations
and Group W Satellite Communications were partially offset by additional
program development costs at the production company. However, during the fourth
quarter of 1995, a weak advertising market, driven by a lack of political
campaign advertising and lower ratings, caused television profits to decline
slightly.

Revenues for Broadcasting increased 5% to $742 million in 1994 compared to $705
million in 1993 reflecting growth in advertising revenues, particularly in
television. The 1994 Olympics and political campaigns contributed to the
increased advertising revenues. Group W Satellite Communications (GWSC) also
reported higher revenues.  


                                     19
<PAGE>   20

Included in 1993 operating profit was $12 million
for restructuring costs, of which $2 million was subsequently not required and
adjusted in 1994. Excluding restructuring amounts, operating profit increased
29% to $195 million in 1994 compared to $151 million in 1993 due to the
increased advertising revenues and improvements in productivity resulting from
cost-reduction programs.

The future operating results of Broadcasting depend on realization of
post-acquisition benefits from combined operations, demand for television
advertising, competitive changes in media businesses, and the television
network's audience share in all dayparts.

Earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and
special charges totalled $269 million for 1995, $226 million for 1994, and $183
million for 1993.

Power Systems

Power Systems consists of Energy Systems and Power Generation, the
Corporation's nuclear and fossil-fueled power generation businesses. The
results for the Power Systems segment in total reflect the impact of discounts
on goods and services provided to customers under litigation settlements.
However, the results for Energy Systems and Power Generation are presented as
if the sales had been made at normal commercial rates. The impact of these
discounts is presented in "Other Power Systems."

Sales for Power Systems remained relatively stable over the last three years.
Operating profit, however, declined substantially in 1995 compared to 1994
because of the recognition of costs for litigation matters, lower profitability
for the Power Generation business unit, and restructuring costs.

Sales for Energy Systems in 1995 were consistent with the prior year. Revenues
in 1994 decreased 4% to $1,364 million due to reduced licensee income and the
favorable 1993 effect of a change in accounting for nuclear fuel revenues.

Included in 1995 operating profit was $16 million for restructuring activities
related to the separation of approximately 200 employees.  Operating profit for
1994 included $26 million for restructuring activities related to the
separation of approximately 400 employees in late 1994. Included in the 1993
operating profit was $45 million for restructuring. Excluding special charges
in all years, operating profit decreased 7% to $130 million in 1995 compared to
1994 and 33% to $140 million in 1994 compared to 1993. The decreases in
operating profit in 1995 and 1994 were attributable primarily to lower licensee
income. Operating profit for 1994 also reflected the change in accounting for
nuclear fuel revenues in 1993. Cost savings from restructuring activities have
been essentially offset by price compression.

Revenues for Power Generation in 1995 increased 3% to $1,769 million compared
to 1994. Revenues decreased 4% or $71 million in 1994 compared to 1993. Higher
field service revenues and new apparatus sales offset decreased revenues from
major factory repair and service activities.

The operating loss for 1995 included $28 million for the separation of
approximately 550 employees. The operating loss in 1993 included $126 million
for restructuring activities, of which $5 million was redeployed in 1994 to
other businesses. Excluding the impact of restructuring in all years, operating
profit in 1995 decreased $113 million to $12 million after remaining flat in
1994 and 1993. The shift from high-margin service, which has declined due to a
combination of improved equipment reliability and deferral of maintenance by
utilities, to lower margin new apparatus business has more than offset cost
improvements from restructuring activities.

In 1995, orders of $2.4 billion, although strong, were down 5% from 1994
reflecting increased competitive pressures. Approximately 55% of the orders
were from customers outside the United States reflecting Power Generation's
focus on international opportunities.

Other Power Systems includes eliminations of sales between Energy Systems and
Power Generation, as well as activities related to uranium, steam generator and
Philippines litigation matters, including legal fees incurred, estimated losses
for settlements, and discounts. In 1995, a special charge of $236 million was
recognized for steam generator matters and the settlement of the Philippines
litigation. The operating loss for 1993 included a special charge of $125
million for litigation matters. Excluding the special charges, the operating
loss, which represents discounts from commercial prices on goods and services
supplied under previous settlement arrangements, was relatively flat.

Thermo King

Excellent results were reported by Thermo King for 1995. Sales increased 21%
driven by strong international demand, particularly in Europe. Operating profit
increased 30% as a result of the higher volume and benefits from product cost
improvement programs. International orders accounted for nearly 50% of Thermo
King's total orders in 1995. The slowdown in North American truck and trailer
business, which began in the third quarter of 1995, caused orders to decline
late in the year, although total-year orders were slightly ahead of 1994.


                                     20
<PAGE>   21

Revenues for Thermo King increased 22% to $877 million in 1994 due to volume
increases in both the domestic and international truck and trailer product
lines, as well as service parts and seagoing container product lines. Operating
profit increased 19% to $135 million in 1994 compared to 1993 primarily as a
result of the increased volume.

Government & Environmental Services

Sales and operating profits for the management of government sites were strong
for 1995 with sales up 24% and operating profit up 13% compared to 1994.
Benefits from the U. S. Department of Energy's (DOE) new performance based
contracts were partially offset by the loss of a management contract at a DOE
facility in Idaho. Sales and operating profit in 1994 were up 12% and 7%,
respectively, compared to 1993, as a result of higher award fees at several DOE
sites and increased work scope and fees for the naval nuclear program.

The DOE is continuing to open for bid certain of its operating and maintenance
contracts as they expire. The Corporation intends to pursue vigorously the
retention of its current contracts and selectively bid on sites not currently
managed by the Corporation.

The environmental services business reported a decrease in sales for 1995 of
$39 million, primarily as a result of the sale of Aptus in March 1995. Revenues
in 1994 increased $28 million compared to 1993 due to increased volume in
hazardous waste remediation services and radioactive waste incineration.

Included in 1994 and 1993 operating losses were charges of $4 million and $32
million, respectively, for restructuring activities and other actions.
Excluding special charges, the operating loss of the environmental services
business increased $48 million in 1995 compared to 1994 and $3 million in 1994
compared to 1993. In addition to the special charges described above, the
operating loss in 1995 was unfavorably affected by a one-time charge of $30
million to recognize higher costs for disposal of secondary waste at the
Corporation's low-level radioactive waste treatment business. The operating
loss in 1994 increased primarily due to price compression in the hazardous
waste remediation and incineration markets.

The Corporation continues to review its portfolio of environmental businesses
to determine how best to focus its efforts.

Communication & Information Systems

This newly created segment includes Westinghouse Communications, formerly a
part of the Broadcasting segment, and the communication and information systems
divisions of the former Electronic Systems segment. Sales in 1995 increased 16%
compared to 1994, while sales in 1994 increased 12% compared to the prior year.

The operating loss for 1995 included $3 million for restructuring activities,
while the operating loss in 1993 included $11 million for restructuring.
Excluding special charges in all years, operating profit declined $5 million in
1995 and was essentially flat in 1994 compared to the prior year. The decrease
in operating profit in 1995 is attributable primarily to reduced margins on
wireless communications contracts.

Other Businesses

During the year, the Corporation completed divestitures of several businesses
included in its former Industrial Products and Services business unit, and its
majority interest in MICROS. In addition, the Corporation closed a plant in
Abingdon, Virginia. Controlmatic and Gladwin were divested in 1994.

The decline in revenues and the fluctuations in operating profits for this
segment reflect these divestitures. Divestitures of most of the non-strategic
businesses were essentially complete by year-end 1995.

RESTRUCTURING OF OPERATIONS

The Corporation is committed to strengthening its businesses and improving its
profitability through restructuring actions ranging from changes in business
and product-line strategies to downsizing for process reengineering and
productivity improvements. To the extent possible, the Corporation is committed
to reducing its workforce through normal attrition. See note 20 to the
financial statements.

During the last three years, the Corporation has undertaken restructuring
programs at its corporate headquarters as well as at several of its major
businesses. In particular, Power Systems has identified initiatives at both its
Power Generation and Energy Systems business units in an effort to remain
competitive in light of a reduction in the demand for services and intense
pricing pressures.  Restructuring actions for Continuing Operations, including
corporate headquarters, have resulted in the recognition of restructuring costs
totalling $86 million in 1995, $23 million in 1994 and $249 million in 1993.

                                     21
<PAGE>   22

The most significant cost component of the Corporation's restructuring plans
generally involves the elimination of positions and the separation of
employees. Approximately 3,850 positions were eliminated from Continuing
Operations during the last three years resulting in employee separation costs
totalling $293 million, including pension curtailment costs. Other cost
elements of these plans consist of asset write-downs of $38 million and costs
for facility closure or rationalization of $27 million. Included in these
amounts are cash expenditures totalling $298 million, consisting of $134
million in 1994, $100 million in 1995, $56 million in 1996, and $8 million in
1997. Employee separation costs generally are paid over a period of up to two
years following the separation.

The annual savings expected from these restructuring initiatives approximates
$40 million for the 1995 plan, $35 million for the 1994 plan, and $65 million
for the 1993 plan. Based on the timing of implementation of the initiatives,
actual savings approximated $100 million in 1995 and $50 million in 1994.
Competitive pressures causing price compression in certain of the Corporation's
markets have absorbed a significant portion of the savings achieved through
restructuring actions.

Restructuring actions for the Corporation's Discontinued Operations,
principally the defense and electronic systems business and Knoll, resulted in
additional costs totalling $49 million in 1995, $48 million in 1994 and $101
million in 1993. These actions involved the separation of nearly 3,000
employees and the exiting of various product lines and facilities.

In conjunction with the CBS acquisition, a plan was developed to integrate the
infrastructure of the CBS headquarters and the radio and television operations
with those of the Corporation. The estimated cost for restructuring the CBS
organization, including separating employees and closing facilities, is $100
million of which $3 million had been spent as of year-end 1995. The
consolidation plan as it relates to the Corporation's existing operations was
not yet finalized at December 31, 1995. Therefore, the costs associated with
this aspect of the plan are expected to be recognized when the plan is adopted
in early 1996.

Cost-reduction initiatives are undertaken when the resulting benefits are
substantial in relation to the cost of the programs and are realizable in the
near term. The Corporation expects to continue to implement restructuring
initiatives as competitive conditions dictate in an ongoing effort to reduce
its overall cost structure and improve its competitiveness.

1994 PENSION SETTLEMENT

The Corporation's restructuring activities contributed to a high level of
lump-sum cash distributions from the Corporation's pension fund during 1994.
The magnitude of these cash distributions required that the Corporation apply
the provisions of SFAS No. 88, "Employers' Accounting for Settlements and
Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits,"
and recognize a settlement loss of $308 million. This noncash charge to income
represents the pro rata portion of unrecognized losses associated with the
pension obligation that was settled.

The settlement loss did not affect shareholders' equity because the decrease
resulting from the income statement provision was fully offset by a reduction
in the charge to shareholders' equity related to the minimum pension liability.
See note 4 to the financial statements.

OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES

Other income for 1995 of $149 million included a pre-tax gain of $115 million
from the sale of the Corporation's 62% interest in MICROS and a $13 million
gain from the sale of an equity investment. The Corporation recorded an
additional $7 million provision for the estimated loss on disposition of
non-strategic businesses related to the disposition of Aptus.

For 1994, other income and expense, which was a net expense of $288 million,
consisted primarily of a $308 million charge for the settlement of a portion of
the Corporation's pension obligation. The Corporation recorded an additional
$17 million provision for the estimated loss on disposition of non-strategic
businesses to reflect actual sales experience and revised estimates of proceeds
and selling costs for the remaining businesses to be sold. These charges were
partially offset by a gain of $32 million from the sale of two radio stations.

For 1993, other income and expense, which was a net expense of $154 million,
consisted primarily of a $195 million provision for the estimated loss on
disposition of non-strategic businesses, most of which have since been
completed. This charge was offset by a $21 million gain on the sale of an
equity participation in a production company.

INTEREST EXPENSE

Interest expense attributable to Continuing Operations increased $99 million to
$233 million in 1995 because of two primary factors.  At year-end 1994, $625
million of debt was transferred to Continuing Operations from Discontinued
Operations, causing an increase in interest expense for 1995 of approximately
$40 million. Additional interest expense from CBS acquisition debt totalled $59
million.

                                     22
<PAGE>   23

To a lesser degree, interest expense in 1995 was affected by an increase in
average short-term interest rates. In addition, in conjunction with the
transfer of Knoll and the Corporation's defense and electronic systems business
to Discontinued Operations, interest expense totalling $48 million in 1995, 
$37 million in 1994 and $46 million in 1993 was allocated to Discontinued
Operations. See note 3 to the financial statements.  

Interest expense decreased $31 million to $134 million in 1994 compared to 
$165 million in 1993 primarily due to lower average outstanding short-term 
debt. Average outstanding short-term debt of Continuing Operations decreased 
$782 million in 1994 compared to 1993.  See note 11 to the financial statements.

INCOME TAXES

The Corporation's 1995 provision for income taxes in total was 62.7% of the
income before taxes and minority interest. The 1995 net provision totalled $44
million, consisting of a $7 million benefit from Continuing Operations and a
$51 million expense from Discontinued Operations.

The Corporation's 1994 provision for income taxes in total was 45.2% of the
income before taxes and minority interest. The 1994 net provision totalled $71
million, consisting of a $13 million benefit from Continuing Operations and a
$84 million expense from Discontinued Operations.

The Corporation's 1993 benefit for income taxes in total was 32.6% of the
losses from all sources. The 1993 benefit totalled $153 million, consisting of
$116 million from Continuing Operations, $7 million from Discontinued
Operations and $30 million from the cumulative effect of the change in
accounting principle.

The Corporation's effective tax rate has fluctuated dramatically depending on
the specific dollar amounts of permanent tax differences and the relationship
of those differences to income before income taxes and minority interest.
Numerous items have caused the effective tax rates to differ from the U.S.
statutory income tax rate of 35% for 1995, 1994 and 1993. An analysis of these
items related to Continuing Operations is set forth in note 6 to the financial
statements.

The net deferred tax asset at December 31, 1995 totalled $2,188 million for
Continuing and Discontinued Operations. The temporary differences that give
rise to deferred income taxes are shown in the Consolidated Deferred Income Tax
Sources table in note 6 to the financial statements.

The three significant components of the deferred tax asset balance are: (i) the
tax effect of net operating loss carryforwards of $3,229 million, of which $416
million will expire by the year 2007, $2,462 million by the year 2008 and the
balance by 2010, (ii) the tax effect of cumulative net temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes of $2,128 million
representing future net income tax deductions, and (iii) alternative minimum
tax credit carryforwards of $211 million that have no expiration date. Of the
net temporary difference of $2,128 million, approximately $1,410 million
represents a net pension obligation and $1,265 million represents an obligation
for postretirement and postemployment benefits. These are partially offset by
CBS temporary differences of approximately $872 million related primarily to
FCC licenses.

Management believes that the Corporation will have sufficient future taxable
income to make it more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset will be
realized. In making this assessment, management considered the net losses
generated in 1992 and 1993 as aberrations caused in part by the liquidation of
a substantial portion of Financial Services assets and by restructuring and
other unusual actions. Further, the expected 1996 sale of Knoll and the defense
and electronic systems business will substantially reduce the deferred tax
asset through the realization of reversing temporary differences and net
operating losses.

The reversal of temporary differences may cause tax losses in future years.
Each tax-loss year would receive a new 15-year carryforward period. Under a
conservative assumption that all net cumulative temporary differences other
than net operating loss carryforwards had reversed in 1995, the Corporation
would have through the year 2010 to recover the tax asset. This would require
the Corporation to generate average annual taxable income of at least $200
million assuming completion of the 1996 sales of Knoll and the Corporation's
defense and electronic systems business.  Management believes that average
annual future taxable income will exceed this minimum amount.

In addition, there are certain tax planning strategies that could be employed
to utilize a net operating loss carryforward that would otherwise expire. Some
of the strategies that would be most feasible are sale and leaseback of
facilities and change in the method of tax depreciation.


                                     23
<PAGE>   24

The following table shows a reconciliation of income or loss from Continuing
Operations before income taxes to taxable income from Continuing Operations:

RECONCILIATION OF INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES TO U.S.
FEDERAL TAXABLE INCOME (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                      1995         1994         1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>          <C>
Loss from Continuing Operations           $  (40)       $ (17)       $(353)
Permanent differences:
  Foreign and Puerto Rico                   (168)        (136)        (101)
  State income tax                             5            6          (26)
  Goodwill                                    26           15           34
  Other                                       18          (25)          49
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net permanent differences                   (119)        (140)         (44)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Temporary differences:
  Pensions                                  (121)         272           12
  Long-term contracts                         72          (57)          34
  Depreciation                                29            7           20
  Provision for restructuring
    and other actions                        (43)         (87)         616
  Other                                      (30)         148          120
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net temporary differences                    (93)         283          802
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Taxable income (loss)                     $ (252)       $ 126        $ 405
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In recent years, the Corporation has adopted several plans to dispose of major
segments of its business. Knoll and the defense and electronic systems business
were part of a plan adopted in December 1995. The disposal of WCI was included
in a July 1995 plan. Financial Services, DCBU, and WESCO were part of a plan
adopted in November 1992.

These businesses have been accounted for as discontinued operations in
accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, "Reporting the
Results of Operations-Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a
Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and
Transactions" (APB 30).

In December 1995, the Corporation adopted a plan to reduce debt incurred for
the acquisition of CBS through proceeds from the sale of its office furniture
and defense and electronic systems businesses. In December 1995, a definitive
agreement was reached to sell Knoll to Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P., an
affiliate of E. M. Warburg, Pincus & Company, for $565 million of cash. In
January 1996, an agreement was executed with Northrop Grumman Corporation for
the sale of the defense and electronic systems business for $3 billion of cash.
In addition, Northrop Grumman will assume approximately $500 million of pension
and postretirement liabilities associated with the active employees of the
business. These transactions, which are expected to result in an after-tax gain
ranging from $1.2 to 1.4 billion, are expected to be completed during the first
quarter of 1996. The net proceeds from these transactions will be used to repay
debt of Continuing Operations.

In July 1995, the Corporation sold WCI for $430 million of cash and retained
approximately $125 million of mortgage notes receivable with maturities through
1997 and other securities. In addition, the buyer assumed $19 million of debt.
Concurrently, the Corporation invested $48 million for a 24% equity interest in
the new business. The Corporation is actively pursuing the divestiture of this
investment. The net cash proceeds from the divestiture of WCI were used to
repay debt of Discontinued Operations. A net loss of $76 million was recognized
on the disposal.

In November 1992, the Corporation announced a plan that included exiting
Financial Services through the disposition of its $9 billion asset portfolios
and the sales of the Corporation's Distribution and Control Business Unit
(DCBU) and Westinghouse Electric Supply Company (WESCO). The disposition of
Financial Services assets involved the sale of the real estate and corporate
finance portfolios over a three-year period and the liquidation of the leasing
portfolio over a longer period of time in accordance with contractual terms.

Based on its quarterly review of the assumptions used in determining the
estimated loss from Discontinued Operations that was recorded in 1992, the
Corporation recorded an additional pre-tax provision for loss on disposal of
Discontinued Operations of $148 million in 1993.

On January 31, 1994, the Corporation completed the sale of DCBU, excluding its
Australian subsidiary, to Eaton Corporation for a purchase price of $1.1
billion of cash and the assumption by the buyer of certain liabilities.  The
sale of the Australian subsidiary was completed in March 1994.

On February 28, 1994, the Corporation completed the sale of WESCO to an
affiliate of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc., a private investment firm, for a
purchase price of approximately $340 million. The proceeds consisted of
approximately $275 million of cash, approximately $50 million of first mortgage
notes, and the remainder of stock and options of the new company.

The real estate and corporate portfolio investments of Financial Services
essentially have been liquidated.  The leasing portfolio, which totalled $865
million at December 31, 1995, is expected to continue to liquidate through 2015
in accordance with contractual terms.


                                     24
<PAGE>   25
The net assets of Discontinued Operations totalled $1.4 billion at December 31,
1995. Following completion of the divestitures of Knoll and the defense and
electronic systems business in early 1996, the assets of Discontinued
Operations will consist primarily of the remaining leasing portfolio of
Financial Services and the remaining mortgage notes and securities of WCI.
Liabilities will consist primarily of short-term and long-term debt, deferred
income taxes related to the leveraged leases, and the liability for estimated
loss on disposal of Discontinued Operations.

In 1995, the Corporation reduced the debt of Discontinued Operations to that
amount which is supportable by the leasing portfolio and other miscellaneous
assets. The debt is expected to be repaid as the leasing portfolio liquidates
over its contractual term and through sales of such miscellaneous assets. To
match the maturities of assets and debt, the Corporation may from time to time
exchange debt obligations between Continuing and Discontinued Operations. 

The remaining liability for the estimated loss on disposal of Discontinued
Operations at December 31, 1995 totalled $134 million.  Management believes
that this liability is adequate to cover the future operating costs and
estimated credit losses related to Financial Services and the remaining costs
associated with WCI, DCBU and WESCO.

The following table presents sales and operating profit (loss) for Discontinued
Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1995:

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                   1995       1994       1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>        <C>
Sales of products and services:
  DCBU and WESCO                        $   -     $  319     $2,384
  Financial Services                       31         41        305
  WCI                                     108        248        253
  Defense and Electronic Systems        2,549      2,189      2,361
  Knoll                                   621        562        510

Operating profit (loss):
  DCBU and WESCO                            -          4         68
  Financial Services                      (52)      (204)      (212)
  WCI                                      29         69         61
  Defense and Electronic Systems          195        207        150
  Knoll                                    60        (61)       (31)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

DCBU and WESCO

Operating results for the year ended December 31, 1994 include the operating
results of DCBU for the month ended January 31, 1994 and of WESCO for the two
months ended February 28, 1994, their respective dates of sale.

Financial Services

During 1995, the Corporation continued to liquidate Financial Services,
reducing both assets and debt. Financial Services revenues of $31 million for
1995 decreased $10 million compared to 1994, reflecting the reduction in assets
through dispositions during 1995 and 1994. Revenues of $41 million for 1994
decreased $264 million compared to 1993 due primarily to a reduction of assets
through dispositions.

At December 31, 1995, Financial Services portfolio investments totalled $901
million, a decrease of $329 million from $1,230 million at year-end 1994.
Portfolio investments at December 31, 1995 and 1994, included $822 million and
$913 million, respectively, of receivables, and $79 million and $317 million,
respectively, of other portfolio investments. The receivables at year-end 1995
and 1994 consisted primarily of leasing receivables, while other portfolio
investments included real estate properties and investments in leasing and real
estate partnerships.

Leasing receivables consist of direct financing and leveraged leases. At
December 31, 1995 and 1994, 84% and 81%, respectively, related to aircraft, and
16% and 18%, respectively, related to cogeneration facilities.

WCI

In 1995, revenues for WCI, until its sale in July 1995, were $108 million.
Operating profit for the same period was $29 million.

Revenues for WCI decreased slightly to $248 million in 1994 compared to 1993
due to the continued weak real estate markets in California. These depressed
markets were partially offset by strong land and condominium sales in Coral
Springs and Naples, Florida. Included in 1994 operating profit was a $3 million
reduction of a $10 million restructuring charge taken in 1992.  Included in
1993 operating profit was a restructuring charge of $4 million. Excluding the
impact of restructuring, operating profit was flat at $65 million in 1994
compared to 1993.

Defense and Electronic Systems

Revenues for the defense and electronic systems business increased 16% to
$2,549 million in 1995 compared to 1994 and decreased 7% to $2,189 million in
1994 compared to 1993. In 1995, increased volume from the defense electronics
operations, including the Norden acquisition, air traffic control, and mail
processing systems, drove higher revenues. Lower revenues from Department of
Defense (DoD) contracts in 1994 were the primary cause of the decreased
revenues in that year.


                                     25

<PAGE>   26

Operating profit reflected restructuring charges of $49 million, $11 million
and $91 million in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Excluding these charges
in each of the three years, operating profit increased 12% in 1995 as a result
of the higher revenues. Operating profit decreased 10% to $218 million in 1994
compared to $241 million in 1993, primarily as a result of lower DoD revenues,
which were partially offset by savings from cost-reduction programs.

Knoll

In 1995, revenues for Knoll increased 10% to $621 million compared to 1994.
Increases in Knoll North America orders were the primary force behind the
increased revenues. Revenues for Knoll increased 10% to $562 million in 1994
compared to 1993 due to both market and market share growth in North America.

Knoll's operating profit of $60 million for 1995 represented a dramatic
turnaround of this business. A major restructuring program, resulting in
restructuring charges totalling $40 million in 1994 and $6 million in 1993, was
implemented beginning in mid-1994 and was substantially completed in 1995. The
results of this program were evident in both the North American and European
results for 1995. Excluding restructuring charges in all years, Knoll's
operating profit increased $81 million in 1995 compared to 1994 and the
operating loss for 1994 decreased $4 million compared to 1993. New products,
strong sales across all product lines and quick delivery programs contributed
to the dramatic improvement in operating profit in 1995.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Overview

The Corporation manages its liquidity as a consolidated enterprise without
regard to whether assets or debt are classified for balance sheet purposes as
part of Continuing Operations or Discontinued Operations. As a result, the
discussion below focuses on the Corporation's consolidated cash flows and
capital structure.

During 1994, the Corporation took several actions to reduce its leverage and
rebuild its capital structure, including the continued liquidations of assets
of Discontinued Operations, the issuance of preferred stock and the reduction
of the common stock dividend. As a result, net debt (total debt less cash and
cash equivalents) was reduced by $1.7 billion.

Because of those actions taken in 1994 and the continued monetization in 1995
of non-strategic assets, the Corporation was able to embark on a major
transformation of its business portfolio. The Corporation acquired CBS for $5.4
billion and announced divestitures of its defense and electronic systems
business and Knoll for $3.6 billion of cash plus the assumption by one of the
buyers of employee benefit liabilities approximating $500 million. This major
portfolio shift to focus on broadcasting operations is expected to impact the
nature of the Corporation's cash flows in future periods.

To complete the CBS acquisition, the Corporation negotiated a new credit
agreement to finance the entire purchase price of CBS, including transaction
fees, and to replace borrowings under the then existing revolving credit
agreements of both Westinghouse and CBS. In the first quarter of 1996, the
Corporation expects to complete the divestitures of both the defense and
electronic systems business and Knoll and to repay approximately 65% of the
acquisition debt.

Management believes that the higher financial leverage following the portfolio
transformation is supportable by the level of cash flows expected to be
generated by the Corporation's Continuing Operations.

The Corporation made substantial progress during 1995 in repaying
non-acquisition debt, exceeding the $1 billion target established a year ago.
The monetization of approximately $1.4 billion of non-strategic assets produced
cash proceeds of $430 million from WCI, more than $360 million from the
majority of the remaining real estate portfolio investments of Financial
Services, $305 million from investments held in two trusts that funded
non-qualified executive benefit plans, and approximately $300 million from
other non-strategic businesses.

Management expects that cash from Continuing Operations and availability under
its $2.5 billion revolving credit facility will continue to be sufficient to
meet future business needs. Other sources of liquidity generally available to
the Corporation include cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from sales of
non-strategic assets and borrowings from other sources, including funds from
the capital markets.

Operating Activities

The operating activities of Continuing Operations provided $435 million of cash
during 1995, an increase of $412 million from the amount provided in 1994.
Major factors contributing to this increase were reduced levels of receivables
and inventories, lower income tax payments and lower cash restructuring
expenditures.

Results of the Corporation's efforts to improve working capital turnover are
becoming evident in certain areas. Collections of receivables and reductions of
inventories provided $243 million of operating cash flows during 1995 compared
to uses of cash of $237 million in 1994 and $185 million in 1993.


                                     26

<PAGE>   27

Customers continue to demand more favorable payment terms under major
contracts, particularly in the power generation business. As a result, a
significant use of operating cash in both 1995 and 1994 involved an increase in
the Corporation's investment in long-term contracts.

Income tax payments and cash restructuring expenditures were lower in 1995 than
in the prior year. Accrued restructuring costs totalled $161 million at
year-end 1995 compared to $85 million at year-end 1994 and $227 million at
year-end 1993. Although restructuring initiatives are expected to continue,
these programs are not implemented unless the savings are substantial in
relation to the cost and are realizable in the near term. In general, savings
from restructuring programs implemented in recent years are beginning to
surpass the expenditures.

Cash contributions to the Corporation's pension plans totalled $315 million in
1995, which is consistent with the 1994 cash contribution level. In 1993,
however, the contribution consisted primarily of assets of Discontinued
Operations. The Corporation's contribution level for 1996 is expected to be in
the $200 million to $300 million range following the divestitures of Knoll and
the defense and electronic systems business. This contribution level is
consistent with the Corporation's goal to fully fund its qualified pension
plans over the next several years.

The operating activities of Discontinued Operations provided $258 million of
cash during 1995, used $77 million during 1994, and provided $444 million
during 1993. These cash"flows consist primarily of cash provided by the
operations of the defense and electronic systems business, Knoll, and WCI,
offset by cash used in the operations of Financial Services and for activities
related to the divestitures of DCBU and WESCO. The use of cash in 1994 resulted
primarily from significantly higher levels of interest and from DCBU and WESCO
divestiture costs.

Following the completion of the divestitures of the defense and electronic
systems business and Knoll in early 1996, operating cash requirements of
Discontinued Operations will consist primarily of interest costs on debt, which
has decreased substantially, and remaining costs associated with the completed
divestitures.

Investing Activities

Investing activities used $4.3 billion of cash during 1995 after providing $1.4
billion of cash in 1994 and $2.7 billion in 1993. The completion of the CBS
acquisition in November 1995 for $5.4 billion of cash caused this significant
change. Acquisitions in 1994 included Norden Systems, a defense electronics
company; the KPIX-AM and FM radio stations in San Francisco; and a minority
interest in Group W radio for total cash expenditures of $109 million.

The Corporation completed the sales of several non-strategic businesses in
1995, generating cash proceeds of $683 million.  Divestitures included the sale
of its WCI segment, as well as its interest in MICROS, Aptus, Inc., and several
smaller businesses. Noncash proceeds of approximately $100 million, consisting
primarily of notes, also were received in certain sales. During 1994, the
Corporation sold DCBU and WESCO for cash proceeds of approximately $1.4
billion. In addition, the sale of two radio stations and two non-strategic
businesses (Gladwin Corporation and Controlmatic) generated cash proceeds of
$68 million.

The Corporation generated $362 million of cash in 1995 through the continued
liquidation of assets of Financial Services representing the majority of the
remaining real estate portfolio investments. Cash proceeds from portfolio
investment liquidations in 1994 totalled $323 million. In 1993, the early
success of the liquidation plan for Financial Services assets resulted in the
generation of $4.9 billion of cash, which was partially offset by required
fundings of $2 billion.

The Corporation's total capital expenditures remained relatively stable over
the three-year period at approximately $250 million to $300 million. Capital
expenditures for Continuing Operations approximated $200 million per year.

In 1995, the Corporation generated $305 million of cash through the sales of
investments held in two trusts that were established to fund executive benefit
plans. The trust investments were replaced with the Corporation's common stock.

The Corporation expects to continue to liquidate assets of Discontinued
Operations as well as its non-strategic assets. This includes completion of the
announced divestitures of the defense and electronic systems business and Knoll
for combined cash proceeds of $3.6 billion. Future acquisitions are expected to
be focused primarily in the broadcasting area.

Financing Activities

Cash provided by financing activities during 1995 totalled $3.5 billion
compared to cash used of $2.2 billion in 1994 and $3.8 billion in 1993. The
major fluctuation in 1995 was caused by the borrowings required to finance the
CBS acquisition. As a result, the Corporation's total debt increased $4.7
billion to $8.4 billion at December 31, 1995, from $3.7 billion at December 31,
1994.


                                     27
<PAGE>   28

In September 1995, the Corporation entered into three new bank facilities under
a credit agreement with a commitment level of $7.5 billion (see Credit
Facilities). Borrowings under the facilities, which occurred upon completion of
the CBS acquisition, were used to finance the purchase of CBS, including
transaction fees, and replace borrowings under existing revolvers. Total
borrowings under the new credit agreement were $5.1 billion at December 31,
1995.

In March 1994, the Corporation sold in a private placement depository shares
representing 3,600,000 shares of Series C preferred stock for net proceeds of
$505 million. These shares will convert to common shares in June 1997. The
Series B preferred stock, sold in June 1992, converted to 32,890,000 shares of
common stock on September 1, 1995.

At the beginning of 1994, the Corporation reduced its common stock dividend
from $.40 per share to $.20 per share. This reduction resulted in annual cash
savings to the Corporation of approximately $70 million. Dividends paid include
those for the Series C preferred stock issued in March 1994 and those for the
Series B preferred shares through their conversion date.

In 1992, the Corporation filed a registration statement on Form S-3 for the
issuance of up to $1 billion of debt securities. At December 31, 1995, $400
million of this shelf registration remained unused.

Credit Facilities

In September 1995, the Corporation entered into three new bank facilities under
a credit agreement with a commitment level of $7.5 billion. These credit
facilities include two term loans of $2.5 billion each. The first term loan is
payable in two installments: $2 billion in November 1997 and $500 million in
May 1998. The second term loan is payable in quarterly installments beginning
in August 1998 through November 2002. Both term loans are subject to certain
mandatory prepayment provisions. Amounts repaid under both term loans may not
be reborrowed. In addition to these term loans, the credit agreement includes a
$2.5 billion revolving credit facility with a seven-year maturity that replaced
the Corporation's existing revolving credit facility as well as that of CBS.

Funds from these facilities have been used to finance the purchase of CBS, pay
certain transaction fees and replace borrowings under existing revolvers. The
interest rates for borrowings under the facilities are determined at the time
of each borrowing and are based on a floating rate index plus a margin based on
the Corporation's senior unsecured debt rating and leverage. See note 11 to the
financial statements.

The unused capacity under revolvers equalled $2,395 million and $1,581 million
at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  Borrowing availability under the
revolving credit facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants,
representations and warranties, including a no material adverse change
provision with respect to the Corporation taken as a whole, restrictions on the
incurrence of liens, a maximum leverage ratio, minimum interest coverage ratio,
and minimum consolidated net worth. Certain of these covenants become more
restrictive over the term of the agreement. At December 31, 1995, the
Corporation was in compliance with these covenants.

Hedging Activities

The Corporation has entered into interest rate and currency exchange agreements
to manage the interest rate and currency risk associated with various debt
instruments.  No transactions were speculative or leveraged. Given their
nature, these agreements have been accounted for as hedging transactions.

The Corporation's credit exposure under these agreements is limited to the cost
of replacing an agreement in the event of non-performance by its counterparty.
To minimize this risk, the Corporation has selected high credit quality
counterparties. At December 31, 1995, the aggregate credit exposure to
counterparties totalled approximately $72 million. This exposure resulted
primarily from an interest rate and currency swap with an A-rated counterparty.
The contract matured in February 1996.

In 1995, outstanding interest rate exchange agreements resulted in a net
increase in the average borrowing rate for Continuing Operations of 0.2% and a
net decrease in the average borrowing rate of Discontinued Operations of 0.2%.
Corresponding interest expense increased by approximately $6 million for
Continuing Operations and decreased by approximately $1 million for
Discontinued Operations.

The Corporation continually monitors its economic exposure to changes in
foreign exchange rates and enters into foreign exchange forward or option
contracts to hedge its transaction exposure when appropriate. As a result, the
Corporation's unhedged foreign exchange exposure is not significant.
Furthermore, changes in foreign exchange rates whether favorable or unfavorable
are not expected to have a significant impact on the Corporation's financial
results or operating activities.


                                     28
<PAGE>   29

With respect to the Corporation's operations in highly inflationary and
unstable economies that are accounted for in accordance with SFAS No. 52,
"Foreign Currency Translation," the combined total sales for those operations
were less than 0.5% of the Corporation's sales for 1995.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

Compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the
discharge of pollutants into the environment, the disposal of hazardous wastes
and other related activities affecting the environment have had and will
continue to have an impact on the Corporation. While it is difficult to 
estimate the timing and ultimate costs to be incurred in the future due to 
uncertainties about the status of laws, regulations, technology, and 
information available for individual sites, management has made estimates 
of the probable and reasonably possible remediation costs that could be 
incurred by the Corporation based on the facts and circumstances currently 
known. See note 17 to the financial statements.

At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had accrued liabilities totalling $166
million for sites where it has been either named a potentially responsible
party (PRP) or has other remedial responsibilities, $28 million for sites that
have been divested and the Corporation has remedial or compliance obligations,
$61 million for the Bloomington sites and $30 million for environmental closure
activities at facilities where the Corporation has ongoing operations. Also, in
conjunction with its Discontinued Operations, the Corporation has provided for
remediation costs related to past operations of certain sites.

Annual environmental costs include approximately $6 million for estimated
future environmental closure costs at operating sites and approximately $31
million related to current management of hazardous waste and pollutants.
Capital expenditures for environmental compliance, which totalled $6 million in
1995, may vary from year to year.

Management believes, based on its best estimate, that the Corporation has
adequately provided for its present environmental obligations and that
complying with existing government regulations will not materially impact the
Corporation's financial position, liquidity or results of operations.

LEGAL MATTERS

The Corporation is defending a number of lawsuits on various matters. See note
17 to the financial statements. Costs to defend these lawsuits are charged to
operations in the period in which the services are rendered.

Since 1993, the Corporation has entered into agreements to resolve seven
litigation claims in connection with alleged tube degradation in steam
generators sold by the Corporation as components for nuclear steam supply
systems. These agreements generally require the Corporation to provide certain
products and services at prices discounted at varying rates. The future impact
of these discounts on operating results will be incurred over the next 15 years
with the greatest impact occurring during the next nine years.

Litigation is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. Substantial
damages are sought in certain of the Corporation's pending cases and, although
management believes a significant adverse judgment is unlikely, any such
judgment could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's results of
operations for a quarter or a year. However, based on its understanding and
evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, management believes that
the Corporation has meritorious defenses to the litigation referenced above,
and management believes that the litigation should not have a material adverse
effect on the financial condition of the Corporation.

INSURANCE RECOVERIES

Prior to 1995, the Corporation filed actions against more than 100 of its
insurance carriers seeking recovery for environmental, product and property
damage liabilities, and certain other matters. The Corporation has settled with
the majority of these carriers and has received recoveries related to these
actions. The Corporation has not accrued for any future insurance recoveries.

OTHER

In March 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets
to be Disposed Of," which establishes accounting standards for the impairment
of long-lived assets, certain identifiable intangibles, and goodwill related to
those assets to be held and used, and for long-lived assets and certain
identifiable intangibles to be disposed of. This statement is effective
beginning in 1996. Although the Corporation has not yet completed its
evaluation of the effect that implementation of this new standard will have on
its results of operations and financial position, management believes that a
charge to operations upon adoption is reasonably possible.

In 1996, the Corporation also plans to adopt the pro forma disclosure
provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation." See 
note 1 to the financial statements.


                                     29


<PAGE>   30

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

The Corporation has prepared the consolidated financial statements and related
financial information included in this report. Management has the primary
responsibility for the financial statements and other financial information and
for ascertaining that the data fairly reflect the financial position, results
of operations and cash flows of the Corporation. The financial statements were
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
appropriate in the circumstances, and necessarily include amounts that are
based on best estimates and judgments with appropriate consideration given to
materiality. Financial information included elsewhere in this report is
presented on a basis consistent with the financial statements.

The Corporation maintains a system of internal accounting controls, supported
by adequate documentation, to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
safeguarded and that the books and records reflect the authorized transactions
of the Corporation. Limitations exist in any system of internal accounting
controls based on the recognition that the cost of the system should not exceed
the benefits derived. Westinghouse believes its system of internal accounting
controls, augmented by its corporate auditing function, appropriately balances
the cost/benefit relationship.

The independent accountants provide an objective assessment of the degree to
which management meets its responsibility for fair financial reporting. They
regularly evaluate elements of the internal control structure and perform such
tests and procedures as they deem necessary to express an opinion on the
fairness of the financial statements.

The Board of Directors pursues its responsibility for the Corporation's
financial statements through its Audit Review Committee composed of directors
who are not officers or employees of the Corporation. The Audit Review
Committee meets regularly with the independent accountants, management and the
corporate auditors. The independent accountants and the corporate auditors have
direct access to the Audit Review Committee, with and without the presence of
management representatives, to discuss the scope and results of their audit
work and their comments on the adequacy of internal accounting controls and the
quality of financial reporting.

We believe that the Corporation's policies and procedures, including its
system of internal accounting controls, provide reasonable assurance that the
financial statements are prepared in accordance with the applicable securities
laws and with a corresponding standard of business conduct.


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Westinghouse Electric Corporation

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements appearing on
pages 47 through 72 of this Annual Report present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Westinghouse Electric Corporation and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management;
our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the
opinion expressed above.

As discussed in note 1 to these financial statements, the Corporation adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits," in 1993.


/s/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP


Price Waterhouse LLP
600 Grant Street
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-9954
February 12, 1996

                                     30
<PAGE>   31

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME (in millions except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                            1995            1994            1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>             <C>             <C> 
Product sales                                                  $ 3,355         $ 3,298         $ 3,236
Service sales                                                    2,941           2,591           2,543
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales of products and services                                   6,296           5,889           5,779
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of products sold                                           (2,549)         (2,523)         (2,508)
Cost of services sold                                           (1,931)         (1,754)         (1,743)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Costs of products and services sold                             (4,480)         (4,277)         (4,251)
Provision for restructuring (note 20)                              (86)            (23)           (249)
Marketing, administration and general expenses                  (1,686)         (1,184)         (1,313)
Other income and expenses, net (note 19)                           149            (288)           (154)
Interest expense                                                  (233)           (134)           (165)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss from Continuing Operations before
  income taxes and minority interest
  in income of consolidated subsidiaries                           (40)            (17)           (353)
Income taxes (note 6)                                                7              13             116
Minority interest in income of consolidated subsidiaries           (11)             (9)             (9)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss from Continuing Operations                                    (44)            (13)           (246)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Discontinued Operations, net of income taxes (notes 1 and 3):
  Income from operations                                           135              90              71
  Estimated loss on disposal of Discontinued Operations            (76)              -             (95)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations                        59              90             (24)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle                                              15              77            (270)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle-
  Postemployment benefits (notes 1 and 5)                            -               -             (56)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                              $    15         $    77         $  (326)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Primary earnings (loss) per common share (note 15):
  Continuing Operations                                        $  (.19)        $  (.16)        $  (.84)
  Discontinued Operations                                          .14             .23            (.07)
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                -               -            (.16)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Primary earnings (loss) per common share                       $  (.05)        $   .07         $ (1.07)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fully diluted earnings (loss) per common share (note 15):
  Continuing Operations                                        $  (.10)        $  (.16)        $  (.84)
  Discontinued Operations                                          .13             .23            (.07)
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle                -               -            (.16)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fully diluted earnings (loss) per common share                 $   .03         $   .07         $ (1.07)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash dividends per common share                                $   .20         $   .20         $   .40
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial
statements.

                                     31
<PAGE>   32

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                                               1995     1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>       <C>
ASSETS:
  Cash and cash equivalents (note 1)                                      $   213   $  329
  Customer receivables (note 7)                                             1,545    1,194
  Inventories (note 8)                                                        867      942
  Uncompleted contracts costs over related billings (note 8)                  582      351
  Program rights                                                              301        -
  Deferred income taxes (note 6)                                              547      432
  Prepaid and other current assets                                            251      150
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total current assets                                                      4,306    3,398
  Plant and equipment, net (note 9)                                         2,027    1,282
  Intangible and other noncurrent assets (note 10)                          8,977    2,785
  Net assets of Discontinued Operations (note 3)                            1,442    1,705
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets                                                              $16,752   $9,170
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Revolving credit borrowings and other short-term debt (note 11)         $   309   $  634
  Current maturities of long-term debt (note 13)                              330        7
  Accounts payable                                                            846      688
  Uncompleted contracts billings over related costs (note 8)                  324      402
  Other current liabilities (note 12)                                       2,124    1,181
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total current liabilities                                                 3,933    2,912
  Long-term debt (note 13)                                                  7,226    1,865
  Other noncurrent liabilities (note 14)                                    4,074    2,548
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities                                                          15,233    7,325
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contingent liabilities and commitments (note 17)
Minority interest in equity of consolidated subsidiaries                       11       30
Shareholders' equity (note 15):
  Preferred stock, $1.00 par value (25 million shares authorized):
    Series A preferred (no shares issued)                                       -        -
    Series B conversion preferred (no shares and 8 million shares issued)       -        8
    Series C conversion preferred (4 million shares issued)                     4        4
  Common stock, $1.00 par value (630 million shares authorized,
   426 million and 393 million shares issued)                                 426      393
  Capital in excess of par value                                            1,848    1,932
  Common stock held in treasury                                              (720)    (870)
  Minimum pension liability adjustment (note 4)                            (1,220)    (962)
  Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments                         (11)     (15)
  Retained earnings                                                         1,181    1,325
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total shareholders' equity                                                  1,508    1,815
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                $16,752   $9,170
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial 
statements.

                                     32
<PAGE>   33

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                                               1995       1994       1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                              <C>       <C>        <C>
Cash flows from operating activities of Continuing Operations:
  Loss from Continuing Operations                                                 $   (44)  $    (13)  $   (246)
  Adjustments to reconcile loss from Continuing Operations
   to net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                                     218        214        212
    Pension settlement loss                                                             -        308          -
    Noncash restructuring charges                                                       6          2         52
    Losses (gains) on asset dispositions                                             (125)       (10)       175
    Provision for environmental and litigation expenses                               236          -        205
    Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions
     and divestitures of businesses:
      Receivables, current and noncurrent                                             209       (177)      (124)
      Inventories                                                                      34        (60)       (61)
      Progress payments net of costs on uncompleted contracts                        (309)      (253)      (122)
      Accounts payable                                                                110        133        108
      Deferred and current income taxes                                               (10)      (196)      (333)
      Accrued taxes, interest and insurance                                           (91)        24         34
      Accrued restructuring costs                                                     (23)       (95)       197
      Accrued employee compensation                                                   103        (60)       (25)
      Other assets and liabilities                                                    121        206        264
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash provided by operating activities of Continuing Operations                        435         23        336
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash provided (used) by operating activities of Discontinued Operations               258        (77)       444
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Business acquisitions                                                            (5,411)      (109)         -
  Business divestitures                                                               683      1,462          -
  Liquidation of assets of Financial Services                                         362        323      4,882
  Asset fundings of Financial Services                                                  -        (86)    (2,015)
  Capital expenditures (note 21)                                                     (290)      (259)      (272)
  Asset liquidations of trust investments                                             305          -          -
  Other                                                                                15         22         73
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash provided (used) by investing activities                                       (4,336)     1,353      2,668
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Short-term bank borrowings                                                        7,480      9,143     12,935
  Short-term bank repayments                                                       (8,294)   (11,079)   (15,575)
  Net reduction in other short-term debt                                             (416)      (599)      (532)
  Repayments of long-term debt                                                         (9)       (81)    (1,037)
  Long-term borrowings                                                              5,009         16        603
  Sale of equity securities                                                             -        505          -
  Treasury stock reissued                                                              89         58         81
  Debt issue costs                                                                   (176)       (15)       (37)
  Dividends paid                                                                     (159)      (153)      (190)
  Other                                                                                 1          2         (2)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash provided (used) by financing activities                                        3,525     (2,203)    (3,754)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                (118)      (904)      (306)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period (note 1)                             344      1,248      1,554
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period (note 1)                               $   226   $    344   $  1,248
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
  Interest paid-Continuing Operations                                             $   214   $    134   $    163
  Interest paid-Discontinued Operations                                               139        259        475
  Income taxes paid                                                                    61        123         75
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial
statements and include descriptions of noncash transactions.


                                     33
<PAGE>   34
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Westinghouse
Electric Corporation (Westinghouse) and its subsidiary companies (together, the
Corporation) after elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions.
Investments in joint ventures and other companies in which the Corporation does
not control but has the ability to exercise significant management influence
over operating and financial policies are accounted for by the equity method.

Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
1995 presentation.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In December 1995, the Corporation announced a plan to divest its defense and
electronic systems business and The Knoll Group (Knoll), its office furniture
unit. In July 1995, the Corporation sold WCI Communities, Inc. (WCI), its land
development subsidiary. The Corporation's defense and electronic systems
business represented a separate major line of business that comprised
approximately 90% of the former Electronic Systems segment. Knoll and WCI were
previously reported as separate industry segments in Continuing Operations. As
a result, certain financial information previously issued has been restated to
give effect to the classification of these businesses as discontinued 
operations in accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, 
"Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business and 
Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions" 
(APB 30). See note 3 to the financial statements. The Corporation previously 
classified as Discontinued Operations its Distribution and Control Business 
Unit (DCBU), Westinghouse Electric Supply Company (WESCO) and its Financial 
Services businesses in conjunction with a 1992 plan to exit these businesses.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

Sales are recorded primarily as products are shipped and services are rendered.
The percentage-of-completion method of accounting is used for major power
generation systems with a cycle time in excess of one year and major nuclear
fuel and related equipment orders.

AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Identifiable intangible assets related to the Corporation's broadcasting
business primarily include Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licenses,
which are limited as to availability and have historically appreciated in value
with the passage of time. These identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are
amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated lives but not in
excess of 40 years.

For the Corporation's industry and technology businesses, goodwill and other
acquired intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over
their estimated lives but not in excess of 40 years for assets acquired prior
to January 1, 1994 and not in excess of 15 years for assets acquired after
December 31, 1993.

Subsequent to the acquisition of an intangible asset, the Corporation
continually evaluates whether later events and circumstances indicate the
remaining estimated useful life of an intangible asset may warrant revision or
that the remaining balance of such an asset may not be recoverable. When
factors indicate that an intangible asset should be evaluated for possible
impairment, the Corporation uses an estimate of the related business'
undiscounted future cash flows over the remaining life of the asset in
measuring whether the intangible asset is recoverable. If such an analysis
indicates that impairment has in fact occurred, the Corporation writes down the
book value of the intangible asset to its fair market value.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

The Corporation considers all investment securities with a maturity of three
months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents. All cash and temporary
investments are placed with high-credit quality financial institutions, and the
amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution is limited. At
December 31, 1995 and 1994, cash and cash equivalents included restricted funds
of $42 million and $61 million, respectively.

INVENTORIES

Inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates actual
cost on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis, or market. The elements of cost
included in inventories are direct labor, direct material and certain overheads
including factory depreciation. Long-term contracts in process include costs
incurred plus estimated profits on contracts accounted for using the
percentage-of-completion method.


                                     34
<PAGE>   35

PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Plant and equipment assets are recorded at cost and depreciated generally using
the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is
generally computed on the straight-line method based on useful lives of 27.5-60
years for buildings, 20 years for land improvements, 3-10 years for office
equipment, and 3-12 years for machinery and transportation equipment. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the terms of the respective leases.
Expenditures for additions and improvements are capitalized, and costs for
repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. The Corporation
limits capitalization of newly acquired assets to those assets with cost in
excess of $1,500.

PROGRAM RIGHTS

Costs incurred in connection with the production of, or the purchase of rights
to, programs to be broadcast within one year are classified as current assets
while costs of those programs to be broadcast subsequently are considered
noncurrent. Program costs are charged to expense as the respective programs are
broadcast.

ENVIRONMENTAL COSTS

The Corporation expenses or capitalizes, if appropriate under the Corporation's
capitalization policy, environmental expenditures that relate to current
operations. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past
operations and that do not contribute to current or future revenue generation
are expensed. The Corporation records liabilities when environmental
assessments or remedial efforts are probable, and the costs can be reasonably
estimated. Such estimates are adjusted if necessary based on the completion of
a formal study or the Corporation's commitment to a formal plan of action.

The Corporation accrues over their estimated remaining useful lives the
anticipated future costs of environmental closure activities, such as
dismantling incinerators and decommissioning nuclear licensed sites.

OFF-BALANCE-SHEET HEDGING

Debt Instruments

The Corporation has entered into interest rate and currency exchange agreements
to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates.
Interest rate exchange agreements generally involve the exchange of interest
payments without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. The Corporation
does not enter into speculative or leveraged derivative transactions.

The differentials paid or received on interest rate swap agreements are accrued
and recognized as adjustments to interest expense; gains and losses realized
upon early settlement of these agreements are deferred and amortized to
interest expense over the term of the original agreement if the underlying
hedged debt instrument remains owtstanding or expensed immediately if the
underlying hedged instrument is settled.  At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the
Corporation had no deferred gains or losses from terminated interest rate swaps
recorded on its balance sheet.

Foreign Exchange

The Corporation's foreign exchange policy includes matching purchases and sales
in national currencies when possible and hedging unmatched transactions in
excess of $250,000. In accordance with this policy, the Corporation has entered
into various foreign exchange agreements in which it sells a currency forward
to hedge a receivable or purchases a currency forward to hedge a payable.

Gains and losses on foreign currency contracts offset gains and losses
resulting from currency fluctuations inherent in the underlying transactions.
Gains and losses on contracts that hedge specific foreign currency commitments
are deferred and recognized in net income in the period in which the
transaction is consummated.

Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. On an ongoing basis,
management reviews its estimates, including those related to litigation and
environmental liabilities, based on currently available information. Changes in
facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates.

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES

In December 1993, the Corporation adopted, retroactive to January 1, 1993,
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No.  112, "Employers'
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." This statement requires employers to
adopt accrual accounting for workers' compensation, salary continuation,
medical and life insurance continuation, severance benefits and disability
benefits provided to former or inactive employees after employment but before
retirement. The Corporation's previous practice was to expense these costs as
incurred. See note 5 to the financial statements.


                                     35
<PAGE>   36

In March 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets
to be Disposed Of," which establishes accounting standards for the impairment
of long-lived assets, certain identifiable intangibles, and goodwill related to
those assets to be held and used and for long-lived assets and certain
identifiable intangibles to be disposed of. This statement requires that those
assets to be held and used by an entity be reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable, and those assets to be disposed of be reported at
the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. This statement is
effective beginning in 1996. The Corporation is currently evaluating the effect
that implementation of this new standard will have on its results of operations
and financial position.

In October 1995, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation," which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards
for stock-based employee compensation plans. The statement defines a fair value
based method of accounting for an employee stock option and allows companies to
continue to measure compensation cost for such plans using the intrinsic value
based method of accounting prescribed in APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees." Beginning in 1996, companies electing to remain
with accounting under APB 25 must make pro forma disclosures of net income and
earnings per share as if the fair value based method of accounting had been
applied. The Corporation plans to continue accounting for its stock-based
employee compensation plans under APB 25 and will present the pro forma
disclosures required under this statement in 1996.

NOTE 2: CBS ACQUISITION

On November 24, 1995, pursuant to the terms of a merger agreement, the
Corporation acquired CBS Inc. (CBS) for a purchase price of approximately $5.4
billion. The acquisition was financed by borrowings under a $7.5 billion credit
agreement executed in September 1995.

The acquisition has been accounted for by the purchase method. Accordingly, the
purchase price was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based
on their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. The excess of the
consideration paid over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired,
totalling $4.8 billion, has been recorded as goodwill and is being amortized on
a straight-line basis over 40 years.

The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
summarized in the table below:

FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT NOVEMBER 24                                        1995
- ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>
Receivables                                         $  643
Program rights                                         301
Investments                                            233
Plant and equipment                                    777
Identifiable intangible assets:
  FCC licenses                                         994
  Film library and other                               162
Goodwill                                             4,794
Other assets                                            25
Liabilities for talent, program rights
  and similar contracts                               (716)
Debt                                                  (850)
Deferred income taxes                                 (270)
Pension, postretirement and
  postemployment benefits                             (244)
Accrued restructuring costs                           (100)
Other liabilities                                     (398)
- ----------------------------------------------------------
Total purchase price                                $5,351
- ----------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The Corporation's Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December
31, 1995 includes the operating results of CBS from the acquisition date. The
following unaudited pro forma information combines the consolidated results of
operations of the Corporation with those of CBS as if the acquisition had
occurred at the beginning of 1995 and 1994, after giving effect to certain
purchase accounting adjustments, including additional depreciation expense
resulting from a step-up in basis of fixed assets, additional amortization
expense from goodwill and other identified intangible assets, increased
interest expense from acquisition debt and related income tax effects.

PRO FORMA RESULTS (UNAUDITED) (in millions except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                                     1995        1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>         <C>
Sales                                                    $9,326      $9,601
Interest expense                                           (706)       (529)
Loss from Continuing Operations                            (527)       (108)
Primary loss per common share-
  Continuing Operations                                   (1.37)       (.41)
Fully diluted loss per common share-
  Continuing Operations                                   (1.22)       (.41)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


This pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only
and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that actually would
have occurred had the CBS acquisition been consummated on January 1, 1995 or
1994. In addition, these results are not intended to be a projection of future
results and do not reflect any synergies that might be achieved from combined
operations.

                                     36
<PAGE>   37

NOTE 3: DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

In December 1995, the Corporation adopted a plan to reduce debt incurred for
the acquisition of CBS through the sale of Knoll and its defense and electronic
systems business. In December 1995, a definitive agreement was reached to sell
Knoll to Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P., an affiliate of E. M. Warburg, Pincus
& Company, for $565 million of cash. In January 1996, an agreement was executed
with Northrop Grumman Corporation for the sale of the defense and electronic
systems business for $3 billion of cash. In addition, Northrop Grumman will
assume approximately $500 million of pension and postretirement benefit
liabilities associated with the active employees of the business. These
transactions, which are expected to result in a combined after-tax gain ranging
from $1.2 to $1.4 billion, are expected to be completed during the first
quarter of 1996. The gain will be recognized when realized. The net proceeds
from these transactions will be used to repay debt of Continuing Operations.

In July 1995, the Corporation sold WCI for $430 million of cash and retained
approximately $125 million of mortgage notes receivable with maturities through
1997 and other securities. In addition, the buyer assumed $19 million of debt.
Concurrently, the Corporation invested $48 million for a 24% equity interest in
the new business. The Corporation is actively pursuing the divestiture of this
investment. The net cash proceeds from the divestiture of WCI were used to
repay debt of Discontinued Operations. A net loss of $76 million was recognized
on the disposal.

In November 1992, the Corporation announced a plan that included exiting
Financial Services through the disposition of its $9 billion asset portfolios
and the sales of DCBU and WESCO. The disposition of Financial Services assets
involved the sale of the real estate and corporate finance portfolios over a
three-year period and the liquidation of the leasing portfolio over a longer
period of time in accordance with contractual terms.

Based on its quarterly review of the assumptions used in determining the
estimated loss from Discontinued Operations that was recorded in 1992, the
Corporation recorded an additional pre-tax provision for loss on disposal of
Discontinued Operations of $148 million in 1993. This change in the estimated
loss resulted from a reduction of the expected selling prices of WESCO and an
Australian subsidiary of DCBU; a decision to sell in bulk a Financial Services
residential development that the Corporation, upon adoption of the Plan, had
intended to develop; and a revision to the estimated interest costs expected to
be incurred by the Discontinued Operations during the disposal period.

During the first quarter of 1994, the Corporation completed the sales of DCBU
and WESCO for proceeds in excess of $1.1 billion and approximately $340
million, respectively.

The assets and liabilities of Discontinued Operations have been separately
classified on the balance sheet as net assets of Discontinued Operations. A
summary of these assets and liabilities follows:

NET ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                           1995         1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>
ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents                              $   13       $   15
Customer receivables                                      397          361
Inventories                                               239          612
Uncompleted contracts costs over
  related billings                                        152          205
Plant and equipment                                       558          616
Portfolio investments                                     901        1,230
Deferred income taxes (note 6)                            410          439
Land not developed                                          -          244
Other assets                                              634          651
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets-Discontinued Operations                    3,304        4,373
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIABILITIES:
Accounts payable                                          156          153
Uncompleted contracts billings
  over related costs                                      119           69
Other current liabilities                                 430          586
Short-term debt (note 11)                                  81          402
Current maturities of long-term debt (note 13)            265          240
Liability for estimated loss on disposal                  134          145
Postretirement benefits liability (note 5)                108          111
Pension liability (note 4)                                398          333
Other noncurrent liabilities                               14           40
Long-term debt (note 13)                                  157          589
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total liabilities-Discontinued Operations               1,862        2,668
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets of Discontinued Operations                  $1,442       $1,705
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


In 1995, the Corporation reduced the debt of Discontinued Operations to that
amount which it believes is supportable by the leasing portfolio and other
miscellaneous assets. The debt is expected to be repaid as the leasing
portfolio liquidates over its contractual term and through sales of such
miscellaneous assets.

Management believes that the net proceeds anticipated from the continued
liquidation of assets of Discontinued Operations will be sufficient to fund
Discontinued Operations. Management further believes that the liability for the
estimated loss on disposal of Discontinued Operations is adequate to cover
future operating costs and estimated credit losses related to Financial
Services and the remaining costs associated with WCI, DCBU and WESCO. The
adequacy of this liability is evaluated each quarter.


                                     37
<PAGE>   38
INVENTORIES

Inventories of Discontinued Operations consisted of the following:

INVENTORIES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                      1995     1994
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>
Raw materials                                      $  47    $  60
Work in process                                      284      671
Finished goods                                         3        4
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     334      735
Long-term contracts in process                       260      394
Progress payments to subcontractors                   53       58
Recoverable engineering and
 development costs                                   198      291
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     845    1,478
Inventoried costs related to  
 contracts with progress billing terms              (606)    (866)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Inventories                                        $ 239    $ 612
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

COSTS AND BILLINGS ON UNCOMPLETED CONTRACTS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                      1995     1994
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>
Costs included in inventories                      $ 555    $ 795
Progress billings on contracts                      (403)    (590)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Uncompleted contracts costs over related billings  $ 152    $ 205
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Progress billings on contracts                     $ 170    $ 140
Costs included in inventories                        (51)     (71)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Uncompleted contracts billings over related costs  $ 119    $  69
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Substantially all inventories at December 31, 1995 related
to long-term contracts. Inventoried costs do not exceed realizable values.

PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

Portfolio investments by category of investment and financing at December 31,
1995 and 1994 are summarized in the table below:

PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Real Estate
                                     Leasing  & Corporate     Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>       <C>        <C>
AT DECEMBER 31, 1995
Receivables                             $820      $  2       $  822
Other portfolio investments               45        34           79
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio investments                   $865      $ 36       $  901
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
AT DECEMBER 31, 1994
Receivables                             $886      $ 27       $  913
Other portfolio investments               38       279          317
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio investments                   $924      $306       $1,230
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Other portfolio investments remaining at December 31, 1995 consisted of real
estate properties and investments in leasing partnerships. The leasing
portfolio is expected to liquidate through 2015 in accordance with contractual
terms.

Leasing receivables consist of direct financing and leveraged leases. At
December 31, 1995 and 1994, 84% and 81%, respectively, related to aircraft, and
16% and 18%, respectively, related to cogeneration facilities.

The components of the Corporation's net investment in leases at December 31,
1995 and 1994 are as follows:

NET INVESTMENT IN LEASES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995     1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>      <C>
Rentals receivable (net of principal and
 interest on nonrecourse loans)                   $ 775    $ 864
Estimated residual value of leased assets           373      389
Unearned and deferred income                       (328)    (367)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Investment in leases                                820      886
Deferred taxes and deferred investment
 tax credits arising from leases                   (584)    (610)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Investment in leases, net                         $ 236    $ 276
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, deferred investment tax credits totalled $23
million and $25 million, respectively. These deferred investment tax credits
are recognized as income over the contractual terms of the respective leases.

Contractual maturities for the Corporation's leasing receivables at December
31, 1995 are as follows:

CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES FOR LEASING RECEIVABLES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31, 1995                 YEAR OF MATURITY
- --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         AFTER
         Total   1996    1997    1998    1999    2000     2000
<S>      <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C> 
- --------------------------------------------------------------
Leasing   $820    $29     $23     $22     $24     $31     $691
- --------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


In accordance with APB 30, the consolidated financial statements reflect the
operating results of Discontinued Operations separately from Continuing
Operations. Interest expense totalling $48 million, $37 million and $46 million
for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, has been allocated to Discontinued
Operations based on the ratio of the net assets of Knoll and the defense and
electronic systems business to the sum of total consolidated net assets plus
consolidated debt. Summarized operating results of Discontinued Operations
follow:


                                     38
<PAGE>   39

OPERATING RESULTS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-
1995 MEASUREMENT DATES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Defense and
                                               Electronic
                                        WCI       Systems      Knoll      Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>          <C>      <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
Sales of products and services         $108        $2,549       $621     $3,278
Income before income taxes               23           163         30        216
Income taxes                             (8)          (57)       (16)       (81)
Net income                               15           106         14        135

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
Sales of products and services         $248        $2,189       $562     $2,999
Income (loss) before income taxes        71           187        (84)       174
Income taxes                            (26)          (68)        10        (84)
Net income (loss)                        45           119        (74)        90

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
Sales of products and services         $253        $2,361       $510     $3,124
Income (loss) before income taxes        57           115        (55)       117
Income taxes                            (19)          (44)        17        (46)
Net income (loss)                        38            71        (38)        71
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


OPERATING RESULTS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-
NOVEMBER 1992 MEASUREMENT DATE (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Financial       DCBU &
                                              Services        WESCO       Total
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>          <C>        <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
Sales of products and services                   $  31       $    -      $   31
Net loss                                           (52)           -         (52)

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
Sales of products and services                   $  41       $  319      $  360
Net earnings (losses)                             (204)           4        (200)

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
Sales of products and services                   $ 305       $2,384      $2,689
Net earnings (losses)                             (212)          66        (146)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


NOTE 4: PENSIONS

The Corporation has a number of defined benefit pension plans covering
substantially all employees. Most plan benefits are based on either years of
service and compensation levels at the time of retirement or a formula based on
career earnings. Pension benefits are paid primarily from trusts funded by the
Corporation and employee contributions. The Corporation funds its qualified
U.S. pension plans at amounts equal to or greater than the minimum funding
requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
Substantially all plan assets are invested in stocks, fixed income securities,
and real estate investments. The Corporation also participates in various
multi-employer, union-administered defined benefit plans that cover certain
broadcast employees as a result of the acquisition of CBS. Pension expense
related to these plans for 1995 was not material.

NET PERIODIC PENSION COSTS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                               1995      1994     1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>       <C>      <C>
Service cost                                        $  53     $  79    $  65
Interest cost on projected
  benefit obligation                                  391       404      426
Amortization of unrecognized
  net obligation                                       35        36       41
Amortization of unrecognized prior
  service cost (benefit)                              (11)        6        5
Amortization of unrecognized net loss                  68       112       48
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      536       637      585
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Return on plan assets:
Actual return on plan assets                         (584)      (18)    (414)
Deferred gain (loss)                                  245      (385)     (40)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recognized return on plan assets                     (339)     (403)    (454)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net periodic pension cost                           $ 197     $ 234    $ 131
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The Corporation's restructuring activities contributed to
a high level of lump-sum cash distributions from the Corporation's pension fund
during 1994. The magnitude of these cash distributions required that the
Corporation apply the provisions of SFAS No. 88, "Employers' Accounting for
Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for
Termination Benefits," and recognize a settlement loss of $308 million in 1994.
This noncash charge to income represents the pro rata portion of unrecognized
losses associated with the pension obligation that was settled. The recognition
of this settlement loss in 1994 reduced the amortization of unrecognized net
loss included in net periodic pension cost for 1995.

A curtailment charge of $22 million related to the 1993 restructuring
activities was included in the loss from Continuing Operations for the year
ended December 31, 1993. See note 20 to the financial statements.

SIGNIFICANT PENSION PLAN ASSUMPTIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                    1995      1994      1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>      <C>
Discount rate                                     6.75%      8.5%     7.25%
Compensation increase rate                           4%        4%        4%
Long-term rate of return on plan assets           9.75%     9.75%     9.75%
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The requirement of SFAS No. 87 to adjust the discount rate to reflect current
and expected-to-be available interest rates on high quality fixed income
investments resulted in a decrease in the Corporation's assumed discount rate
from 8.5% at December 31, 1994 to 6.75% at December 31, 1995.

Net periodic pension cost is determined using the assumptions as of the
beginning of the year. The funded status is determined using the assumptions as
of the end of the year.


                                     39
<PAGE>   40
The following table sets forth the funded status of the defined benefit plans
and amounts recognized in the Corporation's balance sheet at December 31, 1995
and 1994:

FUNDED STATUS-PENSION PLANS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                    1995                      1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Assets  Accumulated       Assets  Accumulated
                             Exceed     Benefits       Exceed     Benefits
                        Accumulated       Exceed  Accumulated       Exceed
                           Benefits       Assets     Benefits       Assets
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>        <C>                <C>    <C>
Actuarial present
 value of benefit
 obligation:
  Vested                      $(561)     $(4,944)           -      $(4,412)
  Nonvested                     (31)        (328)           -         (319)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accumulated benefit
 obligation                    (592)      (5,272)           -       (4,731)
Effect of projected future
 compensation levels           (122)        (261)           -         (273)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit
 obligation for service
 rendered to date              (714)      (5,533)           -       (5,004)
Plan assets at fair value       730        3,407            -        3,557
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit obligation
 in excess of plan assets        16       (2,126)           -       (1,447)
Unrecognized net loss            25        2,120            -        1,736
Prior service benefit not
 yet recognized in net
 periodic pension cost            -          (95)           -         (136)
Unrecognized net
 transition obligation            -          161            -          250
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Prepaid pension cost             41           60            -          403
Minimum pension liability         -       (1,925)           -       (1,577)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pension asset (liability)
 included in consolidated
 balance sheet                $  41      $(1,865)           -      $(1,174)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Included in plan assets at December 31, 1995 are 5,612,600 shares of the
Corporation's common stock having a market value of approximately $92 million.
Dividends paid by the Corporation during 1995 on shares held by the pension
fund totalled approximately $1 million.

During 1995 and 1994, respectively, the Corporation contributed $315 million
and $310 million of cash to its pension plans.

The accumulated benefit obligation in excess of assets at December 31, 1995
increased $691 million compared to December 31, 1994.  This increase represents
the net effect of numerous factors but was driven primarily by the change in
the discount rate assumption from 8.5% to 6.75%.

The Corporation sponsors various non-qualified supplemental pension plans that
provide additional benefits to certain employees and are paid from the
Corporation's assets held in rabbi trusts. The unfunded accumulated benefit
obligation under these plans at December 31, 1995 included in the table above
was $286 million.

The pending first quarter 1996 sale of the Corporation's defense and electronic
systems business is expected to reduce the Corporation's unfunded accumulated
benefit obligation by $398 million as certain pension obligations are being
assumed by the buyer. At December 31, 1995 and 1994, included in the balance
sheet of Continuing and Discontinued Operations are the following pension
assets and liabilities:

BALANCE SHEET STATUS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                    1995                      1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Net                     Net
                              Pension  Intangible     Pension   Intangible
                            Liability       Asset   Liability        Asset
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>             <C>     <C>        <C>
Continuing Operations         $(1,426)        $63     $  (841)        $ 97
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Discontinued Operations          (398)          3        (333)          17
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                         $(1,824)        $66     $(1,174)        $114
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

For financial reporting purposes, a pension plan is considered unfunded when
the fair value of plan assets is less than the accumulated benefit obligation.
When that is the case, a minimum pension liability is recognized for the sum of
the unfunded amount plus any prepaid pension cost. In recognizing such a
liability, an intangible asset is usually recorded up to the sum of the prior
service cost not yet recognized and the unrecognized transition obligation.
When the liability to be recognized is greater than the intangible asset limit,
a charge is made to shareholders' equity for the difference, net of any tax
effects.

At December 31, 1995, a minimum pension liability of $1,925 million was
recognized for the sum of the unfunded amount of $1,865 million plus the
prepaid pension cost of $60 million.  An intangible asset of $66 million and a
charge to shareholders' equity of $1,859 million, which was reduced to $1,220
million due to deferred tax effects of $639 million, offset the pension
liability. As a result of this remeasurement, year-end 1995 shareholders'
equity was decreased by $258 million from December 31, 1994.

At December 31, 1994, a minimum pension liability of $1,577 million was
recognized for the sum of the unfunded amount of $1,174 million plus the
prepaid pension cost of $403 million. An intangible asset of $114 million and a
charge to shareholders' equity of $1,463 million, which was reduced to $962
million due to deferred tax effects of $501 million, offset the pension
liability. As a result of this remeasurement, year-end 1994 shareholders'
equity was increased by $253 million from December 31, 1993.


                                     40
<PAGE>   41

NOTE 5: POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS AND POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS

The Corporation has defined benefit postretirement plans that provide medical,
dental and life insurance for eligible retirees and dependents.

The components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost follow:

NET PERIODIC POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT COST (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>     <C>     <C>
Service cost, benefits attributed
 to employee service during the year               $ 13    $ 20    $ 15
Interest cost on accumulated
 postretirement benefit obligation                  100      93      96
Amortization of unrecognized
 net (gain) loss                                     (4)      4       -
Recognized return on plan assets                     (1)     (1)      -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Net periodic postretirement benefit cost           $108    $116    $111
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The assumptions used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit cost
and the present value of benefit obligations are shown below:

SIGNIFICANT POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN ASSUMPTIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>    <C>
Discount rate                                      6.75%    8.5%   7.25%
Health care cost trend rates                       10.5%*   11%*     12%*
Compensation increase rate                            4%      4%      4%
Long-term rate of return on plan assets               7%      7%   9.75%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
* From December 31, 1995, the rate was assumed to decrease ratably to 5% in
  2006, decrease to 4.75% in 2007 and remain at that level thereafter. From
  December 31, 1994 and 1993, the rate was assumed to decrease ratably to 6.5%
  and 7%, respectively, and remain at that level thereafter.
</TABLE>

Net periodic postretirement benefit cost is determined using the assumptions as
of the beginning of the year. The funded status is determined using the 
assumptions as of the end of the year.

The funded status and amounts recognized in the Corporation's balance sheet at
December 31, 1995 and 1994 were as follows:

FUNDED STATUS-POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995     1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>      <C>
Accumulated postretirement
 benefit obligation:
  Retirees                                      $(1,215) $  (893)
  Fully eligible, active plan participants          (40)     (32)
  Other active plan participants                   (352)    (253)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Total accumulated postretirement
 benefit obligation                              (1,607)  (1,178)
Unrecognized net loss                               257       36
Unrecognized prior service benefit                  (45)     (58)
Plan assets at fair value                            72       12
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued postretirement benefit cost             $(1,323) $(1,188)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accrued postretirement benefit cost for Discontinued Operations at December
31, 1995 and 1994 was $108 million and $111 million, respectively, which is
included in the net assets of Discontinued Operations. These liabilities are
being assumed by the buyers of the Corporation's defense and electronic systems
business and Knoll.

The funded assets consist primarily of interest bearing securities. The effect
of a 1% annual increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates would
increase the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by approximately $95
million and would increase net periodic postretirement benefit cost by
approximately $8 million.  

Certain of the Corporation's non-U.S. subsidiaries have private and 
government-sponsored plans for retirees. The cost for these plans is not 
significant to the Corporation.

The Corporation provides certain postemployment benefits to former or inactive
employees and their dependents during the time period following employment but
before retirement. In December 1993, the Corporation adopted retroactive to
January 1, 1993, SFAS No.  112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits." Prior to 1993, postemployment benefits were recognized primarily as
they were paid. The Corporation's charge for adoption of SFAS No. 112 at
January 1, 1993 was $56 million, net of $30 million of deferred taxes, and was
immediately recognized as the cumulative effect of a change in accounting for
postemployment benefits.

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Corporation's liability for postemployment
benefits totalled $98 million and $77 million, respectively. The liability for
postemployment benefits included in the net assets of Discontinued Operations
was $2 million at both December 31, 1995 and 1994.


                                     41
<PAGE>   42
NOTE 6: INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense (benefit) included in the consolidated financial statements
follows:

COMPONENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME TAXES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>    <C>    <C>
Continuing Operations                               $(7)   $(13)  $(116)
Discontinued Operations                              51      84      (7)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle for postemployment benefits                -       -     (30)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Income taxes (benefit)                              $44     $71   $(153)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>     <C>    <C>
Current:
  Federal                                          $(22)   $(77)  $  84
  State                                              (2)      6      10
  Foreign                                            22      28      21
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income taxes current                           (2)    (43)    115
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred:
  Federal                                           (18)     53    (199)
  State                                              (3)    (11)     16
  Foreign                                            16     (12)    (48)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income taxes deferred                          (5)     30    (231)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Income taxes (benefit)                             $ (7)   $(13)  $(116)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED INCOME TAXES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>     <C>    <C>
Current:
  Federal                                          $ 18    $ 18   $ 138
  State                                               7      24      19
  Foreign                                            27      28      23
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income taxes current                           52      70     180
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred:
  Federal                                           (21)     28    (294)
  State                                              (2)    (13)     14
  Foreign                                            15     (14)    (53)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income taxes deferred                          (8)      1    (333)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Income taxes (benefit)                             $ 44    $ 71   $(153)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Deferred federal income taxes for 1993 include a benefit of $62 million
resulting from the enactment of an increase in the statutory federal income tax
rate from 34% to 35%.

In addition to the amounts in the tables above, during 1995, 1994 and 1993,
$138 million of income tax benefit, $132 million of income tax expense and $378
million of income tax benefit, respectively, were recorded in shareholders'
equity as part of the pension liability adjustment. See note 4 to the financial
statements.

The foreign portion of income or loss before income taxes and minority interest
in income of consolidated subsidiaries included in the consolidated statement
of income was income of $128 million in 1995 and losses of $34 million in 1994
and $6 million in 1993. Such income or loss consisted of profits and losses
generated from foreign operations (both Continuing and Discontinued) that can
be subject to both U.S. and foreign income taxes.

Deferred federal income taxes have not been provided on cumulative
undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries totalling $432 million at
December 31, 1995 in which the earnings have been reinvested for an indefinite
time. It is not practicable to determine the income tax liability that would
result were such earnings repatriated.

Income from Continuing Operations includes income of certain manufacturing
operations in Puerto Rico, which are eligible for tax credits against U.S.
federal income tax and partially exempt from Puerto Rican income tax under
grants of industrial tax exemptions.  These tax exemptions provided net tax
benefits of $17 million in 1995, $14 million in 1994 and $17 million in 1993.
The exemptions will expire at various dates from 2002 through 2007.

Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences in the financial bases
and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The types of differences that give
rise to significant portions of deferred income tax liabilities or assets are
shown in the accompanying table:

CONSOLIDATED DEFERRED INCOME TAX SOURCES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                      1995    1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>     <C>
Provisions for expenses and losses                $1,133  $  812
Accumulated depreciation and amortization           (814)   (163)
Long-term contracts in process                        41      81
Leasing activities                                  (584)   (583)
Minimum pension liabilities                          474     403
Operating losses and credit carryforwards          1,405   1,360
Postretirement and postemployment benefits           590     477
Other deferred tax assets                            170     184
Other deferred tax liabilities                      (129)    (90)
Valuation allowance for deferred taxes               (98)   (101)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred income taxes, net asset                  $2,188  $2,380
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The valuation allowance for deferred taxes represents foreign tax credits not
anticipated to be utilized and operating loss carryforwards of certain foreign
subsidiaries. The net balance of deferred income taxes is intended to offset
income taxes on future taxable income expected to be earned by the
Corporation's Continuing Operations.


                                       42
<PAGE>   43

At December 31, 1995, for federal income tax purposes, there were regular tax
net operating loss carryforwards of $416 million which expire by the year 2007,
$2,462 million which expire by the year 2008, and $351 million which expire by
the year 2010. At December 31, 1995, for alternative minimum tax purposes,
there were loss carryforwards of $151 million which expire by the year 2007,
$2,390 million which expire by the year 2008, $38 million which expire by the
year 2010 and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $211 million
which have no expiration date. At December 31, 1995, there were $172 million of
net operating loss carryforwards attributable to foreign subsidiaries. Of this
total, approximately $41 million has no expiration date.  The remaining amount
will expire not later than 2002. A valuation allowance has been established for
$58 million of the deferred tax benefit related to those loss carryforwards for
which it is considered likely that the benefit will not be realized.

EFFECTIVE TAX (BENEFIT) RATE FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>     <C>     <C>
Federal statutory income tax
 (benefit) rate                                   (35.0)% (35.0)% (35.0)%
Increase (decrease) in the tax
 (benefit) rate resulting from:
  Adjustment of deferred tax asset
   for increase in federal
   income tax rate                                    -       -   (15.5)
  Income taxes of prior years                      28.1    33.5    14.1
  Writeoff of intangible assets                    23.8    34.7     3.3
  Interest on prior years' federal
   income tax, net of federal effect                  -   (67.6)    4.2
  State income tax, net of
   federal effect                                  (7.7)  (24.1)    4.7
  Lower tax rate on income of
   foreign sales corporations                      (8.3)  (27.7)   (3.6)
  Lower tax rate on net income
   of Puerto Rican operations                     (42.4)  (82.1)   (4.8)
  Gain on sale of stock of
   subsidiary and affiliate                        30.6       -       -
  Valuation allowance for deferred taxes           (4.8)  (23.7)   (2.1)
  Adjustment of deferred tax asset
   included in equity for change in
   federal income tax rate                            -    17.4       -
  Loss of foreign tax credit                        7.5    46.2     3.1
  Foreign rate differential                       (24.9)  (45.7)   (1.9)
  Nondeductible expenses                           14.3    35.3     0.6
  Income from equity investments                   (2.0)    5.2     0.1
  Dividends from foreign subsidiaries               4.5    42.2     1.4
  Other                                             0.3    15.6    (1.4)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective tax (benefit) rate for
 Continuing Operations                            (16.0)% (75.8)% (32.8)%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The federal income tax returns of the Corporation and its wholly owned
subsidiaries are settled through the year ended December 31, 1989. The
Corporation has reached an agreement with the Internal Revenue Service
regarding intercompany pricing adjustments applicable to operations in Puerto
Rico for the years 1990 through 1992 and a tentative agreement for 1993.
Management believes that adequate provisions for taxes have been made through
December 31, 1995.

NOTE 7: CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES

Customer receivables at December 31, 1995 included $133 million, which
represented the sales value of material shipped under long-term contracts but
not billed to the customer. Billings will occur upon shipment of major
components of the contract. Collection of these receivables is expected to be
substantially completed within one year.

Allowances for doubtful accounts of $39 million and $52 million at December 31,
1995 and 1994, respectively, were deducted from customer receivables. The
Corporation performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally
does not require collateral.

NOTE 8: INVENTORIES AND COSTS AND BILLINGS ON UNCOMPLETED CONTRACTS

INVENTORIES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>     <C>
Raw materials                                    $   88  $  102
Work in process                                     449     395
Finished goods                                      123     163
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    660     660
Long-term contracts in process                    1,005     472
Progress payments to subcontractors                  21      38
Recoverable engineering and development costs        68     155
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  1,754   1,325
Inventoried costs related to contracts
 with progress billing terms                       (887)   (383)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Inventories                                      $  867  $  942
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

COSTS AND BILLINGS ON UNCOMPLETED CONTRACTS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>      <C>
Costs included in inventories                     $ 747   $ 347
Progress billings on contracts                     (165)      4
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Uncompleted contracts costs
 over related billings                            $ 582   $ 351
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Progress billings on contracts                    $ 464   $ 438
Costs included in inventories                      (140)    (36)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Uncompleted contracts billings
 over related costs                               $ 324   $ 402
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                     43

<PAGE>   44

Raw materials, work in process, and finished goods included contract-related
costs of approximately $405 million at December 31, 1995, and $418 million at
December 31, 1994. Substantially all costs in long-term contracts in process,
progress payments to subcontractors, and recoverable engineering and
development costs were contract-related.

Inventories other than those related to long-term contracts are generally 
realized within one year. Inventoried costs do not exceed realizable values.

NOTE 9: PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995     1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>      <C>
Land and buildings                              $   938  $   554
Machinery and equipment                           2,514    2,260
Construction in progress                            201      151
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Plant and equipment, at cost                      3,653    2,965
Accumulated depreciation                         (1,626)  (1,683)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
Plant and equipment, net                        $ 2,027  $ 1,282
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

For the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994, depreciation expense totalled
$175 million and $182 million, respectively. Of these amounts, $125 million and
$129 million, respectively, is included in costs of products and services, and
$50 million and $53 million, respectively, is included in marketing,
administration and general expenses.

NOTE 10: INTANGIBLE AND OTHER
NONCURRENT ASSETS

INTANGIBLE AND OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>     <C>
Deferred income taxes (note 6)                   $1,231  $1,509
Goodwill                                          5,379     550
FCC licenses                                      1,242     100
Other intangible assets                             198      89
Intangible pension asset (note 4)                    63      97
Deferred charges                                    353     110
Joint ventures and other affiliates                  70      83
Noncurrent receivables                              172     115
Other                                               269     132
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Intangible and other noncurrent assets           $8,977  $2,785
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets are shown net of accumulated
amortization of $154 million and $116 million at December 31, 1995 and 1994,
respectively.

Included in deferred charges are unamortized debt issue costs of $162 million
and $2 million at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, which are amortized
to expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the related indebtedness.

Joint ventures and other affiliates include investments in companies over which
the Corporation exercises significant influence but does not control.

NOTE 11: SHORT-TERM DEBT

In September 1995, the Corporation entered into three new bank facilities under
a credit agreement with a commitment level of $7.5 billion. These credit
facilities include two term loans of $2.5 billion each. The first term loan is
payable in two installments: $2 billion in November 1997 and $500 million in
May 1998. The second term loan is payable in quarterly installments from August
1998 through November 2002. See note 13 to the financial statements. In
addition to these term loans, the credit agreement includes a $2.5 billion
revolving credit facility with a seven-year maturity.

Funds from these facilities have been used to finance the purchase of CBS, pay
certain transaction fees, and replace borrowings under the previous revolvers.

Availability under the revolving credit facility is subject to compliance with
certain covenants, representations and warranties, including a no material 
adverse change provision with respect to the Corporation taken as a whole, 
restrictions on the incurrence of liens, a maximum leverage ratio, minimum 
interest coverage ratio and minimum consolidated net worth. Certain of these 
covenants become more restrictive over the terms of the facilities.  
At December 31, 1995, the Corporation was in compliance with these covenants.

Interest rates for borrowings under the facilities are determined at the time
of each borrowing and are based generally on a floating rate index, the London
Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR), plus a margin based on the Corporation's senior
unsecured debt rating and leverage. The cost of the facilities includes
commitment fees, which are based on the unutilized facilities and vary with the
Corporation's debt ratings and leverage.

There are no compensating balance requirements under the facilities.

                                     44
<PAGE>   45

SHORT-TERM DEBT-CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           AT DECEMBER 31              DURING THE YEAR
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Composite    Max. Out-    Avg. Out-   Wtd. Avg.
                         Balance       Rate    standing      standing       Rate
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>         <C>     <C>            <C>         <C>
1995 
Credit facilities           $185        7.0%    $1,039          $600        6.8%
Short-term foreign
  bank loans                  20        6.9%       103            76        6.0%
Other                        104        7.1%       178            41        6.0%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short-term debt             $309
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1994
Credit facilities           $545        6.7%    $  545          $113        4.3%
Short-term foreign
  bank loans                  88        6.3%       277           133        5.2%
Other                          1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short-term debt             $634
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Average outstanding borrowings for Continuing Operations were determined based
on daily amounts outstanding for the credit facilities and on monthly balances
outstanding for short-term foreign bank loans.


SHORT-TERM DEBT-DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           AT DECEMBER 31               DURING THE YEAR
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Composite    Max. Out-    Avg. Out-   Wtd. Avg.
                         Balance       Rate    standing      standing       Rate
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>        <C>      <C>            <C>         <C>
1995
Credit facilities           $ 78       7.6%     $  331          $209        6.8%
Other                          3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short-term debt             $ 81
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1994
Credit facilities           $374       6.7%     $2,355          $955        4.8%
Other                         28       8.1%         36            31        8.2%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short-term debt             $402
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Average outstanding borrowings for Discontinued Operations were determined
based on daily amounts outstanding for credit facilities.

To manage interest costs on its short-term and long-term debt, the Corporation
has entered into various types of interest rate and currency exchange
agreements. A summary of notional amounts outstanding at December 31, 1995 and
1994 is presented in the table below:

INTEREST RATE AND CURRENCY EXCHANGE AGREEMENTS
NOTIONAL AMOUNTS OUTSTANDING (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Short-Term      Long-Term
                                              Debt           Debt      Total
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>         <C>        <C>
AT DECEMBER 31, 1995 
Continuing Operations                         $  -         $3,208     $3,208
Discontinued Operations                          -             74         74
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notional amounts                              $  -         $3,282     $3,282
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
AT DECEMBER 31, 1994
Continuing Operations                         $272         $    -     $  272
Discontinued Operations                         25            374        399
Notional amounts                              $297         $  374     $  671
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The average remaining maturity of interest rate and currency exchange
agreements was 0.8 years and 1.5 years at December 31, 1995 and 1994,
respectively.

At year-end 1995, $3,208 million relates to interest rate swaps with rate and
maturity characteristics set forth in the table below:


CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES OF INTEREST RATE SWAPS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31, 1995                              Year of Maturity
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Total       1996    1997    1998    1999    2000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>        <C>        <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
Fixed rate swaps
  (pay fixed):
Notional amount             $3,208     $3,078       -     $50     $55     $25
Wtd. avg. fixed
  rate paid                   5.68%      5.54%      -    8.73%   8.86%   9.36%
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The $74 million notional amount outstanding for Discontinued Operations at
December 31, 1995 represents an interest rate and currency swap which matures
in February 1996.

At December 31, 1994, interest rate swap agreements in which the Corporation
paid a fixed interest rate totalled $272 million and had a weighted average
rate of 8.8% with an average maturity of 1.8 years. In addition to the fixed
interest rate swaps, the Corporation had a $150 million floating rate swap on
which it received a rate of 8.7%. The remaining $249 million notional amount
outstanding at December 31, 1994 consisted of a $25 million forward interest
rate swap agreement, a $150 million interest rate floor agreement and a $74
million interest rate and currency swap.


                                     45
<PAGE>   46

NOTE 12: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>     <C>
Accrued employee compensation                    $  218  $  118
Income taxes currently payable                      158     129
Liabilities for talent and program rights           254       -
Accrued product warranty                             59      60
Accrued restructuring costs                         153      77
Liability for business dispositions                  46      90
Accrued taxes, interest and insurance               221     312
Accrued expenses                                    706     224
Environmental liabilities                            47      40
Other                                               262     131
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Other current liabilities                        $2,124  $1,181
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

NOTE 13: LONG-TERM DEBT

LONG-TERM DEBT-CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>     <C>
Term loans I & II                                $5,000  $    -
8-3/8% notes due 2002                               348     348
7-7/8% debentures due 2023                          325     325
7-3/4% notes due 1996                               300     300
6-7/8% notes due 2003                               275     275
8-5/8% debentures due 2012                          273     273
8-7/8% notes due 2001                               250     250
8-7/8% notes due 2014                               150       -
7-5/8% notes due 2002                               150       -
7-3/4% notes due 1999                               125       -
7-1/8% notes due 2023                                97       -
8-7/8% debentures due 2022                           92       -
Medium-term notes due through 2001                   92      95
Other                                                79       6
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  7,556   1,872
Current maturities                                 (330)     (7)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term debt                                   $7,226  $1,865
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Included in the table above is $491 million of senior debt previously issued by
CBS. At December 31, 1995, interest rates on this debt ranged from 7.13% to
9.03% with maturities from 1998 to 2023.

The CBS 8-7/8% debentures due 2022 may be redeemed after June 1, 2002 at
specified redemption prices. Except for term loans I and II, none of the
remaining long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 1995 may be redeemed prior
to maturity.

At December 31, 1995, medium-term notes of Continuing Operations had interest
rates ranging from 8.5% to 9.4%, with an average interest rate of 8.9% and an
average remaining maturity of 2.6 years.

During 1995, Discontinued Operations exchanged $150 million of 8-7/8% notes due
2014 (redeemable by holders in 1999) for $150 million of short-term borrowings
of Continuing Operations to better match the monetization of assets with the
maturities of debt.

The Corporation maintains a $1 billion shelf registration, of which $400
million was unused as of December 31, 1995.  

The scheduled maturities of Continuing Operation's long-term debt outstanding 
at December 31, 1995 for each of the next five years are as follows: 
1996-$330 million; 1997-$2,006 million; 1998-$823 million; 1999-$686 million; 
and 2000-$675 million.

LONG-TERM DEBT-DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>     <C>
Medium-term notes due through 2001                $ 344   $ 424
8-7/8% notes due 2014                                 -     150
8-7/8% notes due 1995                                 -     150
Other                                                78     105
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    422     829
Current maturities                                 (265)   (240)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term debt                                    $ 157   $ 589
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

At December 31, 1995, medium-term notes of Discontinued Operations had interest
rates ranging from 7.9% to 9.4%, with an average interest rate of 8.9% and an
average remaining maturity of 1.6 years.

The scheduled maturities of Discontinued Operation's long-term debt outstanding
at December 31, 1995 for each of the next five years are as follows: 1996-$265
million; 1997-$2 million; 1998-$96 million; 1999-$46 million; and 2000-$11
million.

NOTE 14: OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES

OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                                     1995    1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>     <C>
Postretirement benefits (note 5)                 $1,215  $1,077
Postemployment benefits (note 5)                     96      75
Pension liability (note 4)                        1,426     841
Accrued restructuring costs                           8       8
Liability for business dispositions                  94      75
Liabilities for talent and program rights            47       -
Accrued expenses                                    650     148
Environmental liabilities                           239     157
Other                                               299     167
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
Other noncurrent liabilities                     $4,074  $2,548
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                     46

<PAGE>   47

NOTE 15: SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1995       1994       1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>        <C>        <C>
Preferred stock:
Balance at January 1                            $    12    $     8    $     8
Series B preferred shares converted                  (8)         -          -
Series C preferred shares issued                      -          4          -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $     4    $    12    $     8
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common stock:
Balance at January 1                                393        393        393
Shares issued                                        33          -          -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $   426    $   393    $   393
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital in excess of par value:
Balance at January 1                            $ 1,932    $ 1,475    $ 1,523
Series B preferred shares converted                 (25)         -          -
Series C preferred shares issued                      -        501          -
Shares issued under various
  compensation and benefit plans                    (55)       (37)       (37)
Shares issued under dividend
  reinvestment plan                                  (4)        (7)       (11)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $ 1,848    $ 1,932    $ 1,475
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common stock held in treasury:
Balance at January 1                            $  (870)   $  (972)   $(1,102)
Shares issued under various
  compensation and benefit plans                    139         87        104
Shares issued under dividend
  reinvestment plan                                  11         15         26
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $  (720)   $  (870)   $  (972)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Minimum pension liability:
Balance at January 1                            $  (962)   $(1,215)   $  (496)
Pension liability adjustments,
  net of deferred taxes (note 4)                   (258)       253       (719)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $(1,220)   $  (962)   $(1,215)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative foreign currency
  translation adjustments:
Balance at January 1                            $   (15)   $   (28)   $    (8)
Currency translation activity                         4         13        (20)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $   (11)   $   (15)   $   (28)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Retained earnings:
Balance at January 1                            $ 1,325    $ 1,401    $ 1,917
Net income (loss)                                    15         77       (326)
Dividends paid                                     (159)      (153)      (190)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                          $ 1,181    $ 1,325    $ 1,401
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholders' equity                            $ 1,508    $ 1,815    $ 1,062
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

In March 1994, the Corporation sold, in a private placement, 36,000,000
depository shares (the $1.30 Depository Shares) at $14.44 per share. Each of
the $1.30 Depository Shares represents ownership of one-tenth of a share of the
Corporation's $1.00 par value Series C Conversion Preferred Stock (Series C
Preferred) and entitles the owner to all of the proportionate rights,
preferences and privileges of the Series C Preferred. A total of 3,600,000
Series C Preferred shares was deposited, all of which were outstanding at
December 31, 1995 and 1994.

The net proceeds to the Corporation, after commissions, fees and out-of-pocket
expenses, totalled $505 million. As a result, the par value of Series C
Preferred was established for $4 million, and capital in excess of par was
increased by $501 million.

The annual dividend rate for each $1.30 Depository Share is $1.30 (equivalent
to $13.00 for each Series C Preferred), payable quarterly in arrears on the
first day of March, June, September and December. Dividends are cumulative and
must be declared by the Board of Directors to be payable. Payments commenced on
June 1, 1994.

Each $1.30 Depository Share will automatically convert into one share of common
stock on June 1, 1997 unless called on May 30, 1997 by the Corporation or
converted at any time prior to June 1, 1997 by the holder. Conversion will also
occur upon certain mergers, consolidations or similar extraordinary
transactions involving the Corporation or in certain other events.

On September 1, 1995, the Corporation's 8,222,500 shares of Series B Conversion
Preferred Stock (Series B Preferred), outstanding since 1992, mandatorily
converted into 32,890,000 shares of common stock.

COMMON SHARES (shares in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            In            Out-
                                       Issued         Treasury        standing
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>               <C>            <C>
Balance at January 1, 1993            392,998           46,556         346,442
Shares issued for dividend
  reinvestment plan                         -           (1,112)          1,112
Shares issued for employee plans            -           (4,540)          4,540
Other                                      82                -              82
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993          393,080           40,904         352,176
Shares issued for dividend
  reinvestment plan                         -             (621)            621
Shares issued for employee plans            -           (3,975)          3,975
Other                                       -              (20)             20
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1994          393,080           36,288         356,792
Shares issued for dividend
  reinvestment plan                         -             (450)            450
Shares issued for employee plans            -           (5,886)          5,886
Shares issued for conversion of
  Series B Preferred                   32,890                -          32,890
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1995          425,970           29,952         396,018
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Of the common stock held in treasury at December 31, 1995, 21,132,376 shares
were held by the Corporation's rabbi trusts for the payment of benefits under
executive benefit plans.


                                     47
<PAGE>   48
 
Earnings (loss) per common share was computed by dividing income or loss
available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average common stock
equivalents. Common stock equivalents consist of shares subject to stock
options, shares potentially issuable under deferred compensation programs, and
as discussed below, the Series B Preferred. For this computation, net income or
loss was adjusted for the after-tax interest expense applicable to the deferred
compensation programs.

The Series B Preferred were considered common stock equivalents at a rate of
four Series B Preferred to one common share. Because such treatment has an
anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share for 1995, 1994 and 1993, these
common stock equivalent shares were excluded from weighted average shares
outstanding, and the dividend requirement was deducted from net income in
computing earnings available to common shareholders.

For the calculation of primary earnings per share, the common shares issued
upon conversion of the Series B Preferred were included in weighted average
shares outstanding from the conversion date, September 1, 1995.  For the
calculation of fully diluted earnings per share, the Series B Preferred were
treated as common shares outstanding from January 1, 1995, the first day of the
period of conversion.

Consistent with prevalent practice at the time of issuance, the Series C
Preferred were considered outstanding common stock at a rate of ten Series C
Preferred to one common share for both primary and fully diluted earnings per
share. If the Series C Preferred had been treated as common stock equivalents
for the calculation of net income per share, the Corporation's 1995 and 1994
primary per share results would have been a loss of $.18 and $.02,
respectively. Fully diluted per share results would have been a loss of $.08
for 1995 and $.02 for 1994.

The weighted average number of common shares used for computing primary
earnings or loss per share was 410,138,000 in 1995, 383,736,000 in 1994, and
352,902,000 in 1993. The weighted average number of common shares used for
computing fully diluted earnings or loss per share was 433,191,000 in 1995,
383,790,000 in 1994, and 355,358,000 in 1993.

On December 29, 1995, the Board of Directors adopted a shareholder rights plan
providing for the distribution of one right for each share of common stock
outstanding on January 9, 1996. The rights become exercisable only in the
event, with certain exceptions, an acquiring party accumulates 15% or more of
the Corporation's voting stock or a party announces an offer to acquire 30% or
more of the voting stock. The rights have an exercise price of $64 per share
and expire on January 9, 2006. Upon the occurrence of certain events, holders
of the rights will be entitled to purchase either Westinghouse preferred shares
or shares in an acquiring entity at half of market value. The Corporation is
entitled to redeem the rights at a value of $.01 per right at any time until
the tenth day following the acquisition of a 15% position in its voting stock.

NOTE 16: STOCK OPTIONS

The 1993 and 1991 Long-Term Incentive Plans provide for the granting of stock
options and other performance awards to employees of the Corporation.

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, approximately 11.1 million and 7.5 million
shares, respectively, had been authorized for awards under the 1993 Plan.
Shares available for stock options and other awards under the 1993 Plan at
December 31, 1995 and 1994 totalled 3,249,228 and 3,435,107, respectively. At
December 31, 1995 and 1994, a total of 16.5 million and 9 million shares,
respectively, had been authorized for awards under the 1991 Plan. Shares
available for stock options and other awards under the 1991 Plan at December
31, 1995 and 1994 totalled 3,407,931 and 775,671, respectively.

Stock options are also outstanding under the 1984 Long-Term Incentive Plan;
however, no additional grants are permitted under that plan.

The option price under the Plans may not be less than the fair market value of
the shares on the grant date. The options were granted for terms of 10 years or
less and generally become exercisable in whole or in part after the
commencement of the second year of the term.

Generally, options outstanding under the 1993, 1991 and 1984 Plans, except
those granted during 1995, were exercisable at December 31, 1995. Options
granted during 1995 under the 1993 and 1991 Plans generally will not be
exercisable until 1996. Outstanding options have expiration dates ranging from
1996 through 2005.


                                     48
<PAGE>   49

Of the options granted by the Corporation in 1995, 2,423,060 were performance
stock options. The vesting of these options is contingent on attainment of
specific performance targets. If the targets are not met, the options
terminate; if they are met, the options become exercisable. One-half of these
options lapsed in January 1996 because the stretch performance targets for 1995
were not met.  The remaining performance options are contingent on 1996
performance.

STOCK OPTION INFORMATION (shares in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1995     1994     1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>      <C>      <C>
Shares subject to option:
Balance at January 1                             20,504   16,082   11,675
Options granted                                   8,945    5,079    5,230
Options exercised                                  (481)     (24)     (67)
Options terminated                                 (584)    (633)    (756)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31                           28,384   20,504   16,082
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average option
 price in dollars:
At January 1                                    $ 18.66  $ 20.70  $ 22.81
Options granted                                   14.17    11.89    15.90
Options exercised                                 11.75    10.40    12.37
Options terminated                                16.15    16.59    20.84
At December 31                                    17.41    18.66    20.70
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

In 1995, the shareholders approved stock options for non-employee directors.
The Deferred Compensation and Stock Plan for Directors generally provides for
an annual grant of 3,000 options to each non-employee director and an
additional grant of 750 options to committee chairs. For each of the grants,
two-thirds of the options have an exercise price equal to the fair market value
of the common stock on the grant date. The remaining one-third of the options
have an exercise price equal to 125% of the fair market value on the grant
date. These options may be exercised by each of the directors immediately
following the grant date.

NOTE 17: CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS

URANIUM SETTLEMENTS

In the late seventies, the Corporation provided for the estimated future costs
for the resolution of all uranium supply contract suits and related litigation.
The remaining uranium reserve balance includes assets required for certain
settlement obligations and reserves for estimated future costs. The reserve
balance at December 31, 1995, is deemed adequate considering all facts and
circumstances known to management. The future obligations require providing the
remainder of the fuel deliveries running through 2013. The supply of equipment
and services is essentially complete. Variances from estimates which may occur
are considered in determining if an adjustment of the liability is necessary.

LITIGATION

Steam Generators

The Corporation has been defending various lawsuits brought by utilities
claiming a substantial amount of damages in connection with alleged tube
degradation in steam generators sold by the Corporation as components of
nuclear steam supply systems. Since 1993, settlement agreements have been
entered resolving seven litigation claims. These agreements generally require
the Corporation to provide certain products and services at prices discounted
at varying rates. Two cases were resolved in favor of the Corporation after
trial or arbitration. Four steam generator lawsuits remain.

The Corporation is also a party to five tolling agreements with utilities or
utility plant owners' groups which have asserted steam generator claims. The
tolling agreements delay initiation of any litigation for various specified
periods of time and permit the parties time to engage in discussions.

Securities Class Actions-Financial Services

The Corporation is defending derivative and class action lawsuits alleging
federal securities law and common law violations arising out of purported
misstatements or omissions contained in the Corporation's public filings
concerning the financial condition of the Corporation and certain of its former
subsidiaries in connection with charges to earnings of $975 million in 1990 and
$1,680 million in 1991 and a public offering of Westinghouse common stock in
1991. The court dismissed both the derivative claim and the class action claims
in their entirety. These dismissals have been appealed.

Asbestos

The Corporation is a defendant in numerous lawsuits claiming various
asbestos-related personal injuries, which allegedly occurred from use or
inclusion of asbestos in certain of the Corporation's products, generally in
the pre-1970 time period. Typically, these lawsuits are brought against
multiple defendants. The Corporation was neither a manufacturer nor a producer
of asbestos and is oftentimes dismissed from these lawsuits on the basis that
the Corporation has no relationship to the products in question or the claimant
did not have exposure to the Corporation's product. At December 31, 1995, the
Corporation had approximately 75,000 claims outstanding against it.


                                     49
<PAGE>   50

In court actions which have been resolved, the Corporation has prevailed in the
vast majority of the asbestos claims and has resolved others through
settlement. Furthermore, the Corporation has brought suit against certain of
its insurance carriers with respect to these asbestos claims. Under the terms
of a settlement agreement resulting from this suit, carriers which have agreed
to the settlement are now reimbursing the Corporation for a substantial portion
of its current costs and settlements associated with asbestos claims.

Litigation is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. Substantial
damages are sought in the steam generator claims, the securities class action
and certain groupings of asbestos claims and, although management believes a
significant adverse judgment is unlikely, any such judgment could have a
material adverse effect on the Corporation's results of operations for a
quarter or a year. However, based on its understanding and evaluation of the
relevant facts and circumstances, management believes that the Corporation has
meritorious defenses to the litigation described above, and management believes
that the litigation should not have a material adverse effect on the financial
condition of the Corporation.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

Compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the
discharge of pollutants into the environment, the disposal of hazardous wastes,
and other related activities affecting the environment have had and will
continue to have an impact on the Corporation. While it is difficult to
estimate the timing and ultimate costs to be incurred in the future due to
uncertainties about the status of laws, regulations, technology and information
available for individual sites, management has estimated the probable and
reasonably possible remediation costs that could be incurred by the Corporation
based on the facts and circumstances currently known.

PRP Sites and Other Remedial Activities

With regard to remedial actions under federal and state Superfund laws, the
Corporation has been named a potentially responsible party (PRP) at numerous
sites located throughout the country. At many of these sites, the Corporation
is either not a responsible party or its site involvement is very limited or de
minimis. However, the Corporation may have varying degrees of cleanup
responsibilities at 73 sites, including 18 CBS sites. With regard to cleanup
costs at these sites, in many cases the Corporation will share these costs with
other responsible parties, and the Corporation believes that any liability
incurred will be satisfied over a number of years. Management believes that the
Corporation's total remaining probable cost for remedial actions of these sites
as of December 31, 1995 is approximately $166 million, all of which has been
accrued.

As part of the agreements for the sale of certain of its businesses or sites,
the Corporation has agreed to retain obligations for remediation of
contamination existing at these sites, other Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) issues, and compliance
matters. Management believes that the total cost for these obligations is
approximately $28 million, all of which has been accrued. In addition, the
Corporation has accrued for the estimated remediation costs associated with
Discontinued Operations.

Bloomington Sites

The Corporation is a party to a 1985 Consent Decree relating to remediation of
six sites in Bloomington, Indiana. In the Consent Decree, the Corporation
agreed to construct and operate an incinerator, which would be permitted under
federal and state law, to burn excavated material.  On February 8, 1994, the
Consent Decree parties filed with the court a status report advising of the
parties' intention to investigate alternatives. The Corporation believes it is
probable that the Consent Decree will be modified to an alternative remedial
action, which could include a combination of containment, treatment,
remediation and monitoring. The parties also recognize that the Consent Decree
shall remain in full force during this process.

One of the six sites covered by the Consent Decree has been remediated. The
Corporation estimates that its total cost to implement the most reasonable
alternative for the five remaining sites covered by the Consent Decree is
approximately $61 million, all of which has been accrued. Included in this
amount is approximately $43 million for site construction and other related
costs valued as of the year of expenditure. The remaining $18 million is the
present value, assuming a 5% discount rate, of approximately $46 million of
operating and maintenance costs that will be incurred during a 30-year period.
Other reasonable remediation alternatives, while considered less likely, could
cause the total costs to be as much as $115 million.


                                     50
<PAGE>   51

Other

The Corporation is involved with several administrative actions alleging
violations of federal, state or local environmental regulations.  For these
matters, the Corporation has estimated its remaining reasonably possible costs
and determined them to be immaterial.

The Corporation currently manages under contract several government-owned
facilities, which among other things are engaged in the remediation of
hazardous and nuclear wastes. To date, under the terms of the contracts, the
Corporation is not responsible for costs associated with environmental
liabilities, including environmental cleanup costs, except under certain
circumstances associated with the willful misconduct or lack of good faith of
its managers or their failure to exercise prudent business judgment. There are
currently no material claims for which the Corporation believes it is
responsible.

The Corporation has or will have responsibilities for environmental closure
activities, such as dismantling incinerators or decommissioning nuclear
licensed sites. The Corporation has estimated the total potential cost to be
incurred for these actions to approximate $135 million, of which $30 million
had been accrued at December 31, 1995. The Corporation's policy is to accrue
these costs over the estimated life of the individual facilities, which in most
cases is approximately 20 years. The anticipated annual costs currently being
accrued are $6 million.

Capital expenditures related to environmental compliance in 1995 and 1994
totalled $6 million and $8 million, respectively. Operating expenses which are
recurring and associated with managing hazardous waste and pollutants in
ongoing operations in 1995 and 1994 totalled $31 million and $23 million,
respectively.

Management believes, based on its best estimate, that the Corporation has
adequately provided for its present environmental obligations and that
complying with existing government regulations will not materially impact the
Corporation's financial position, liquidity or results of operations.

INSURANCE RECOVERIES

Prior to 1995, the Corporation filed actions against more than 100 of its
insurance carriers seeking recovery for environmental, product and property
damage liabilities, and certain other matters. The Corporation has settled with
the majority of these carriers and has received recoveries related to these
actions. The Corporation has not accrued for any future insurance recoveries.

FINANCING COMMITMENTS

Continuing Operations

In the ordinary course of business, standby letters of credit are issued by
commercial banks on behalf of the Corporation related to performance
obligations primarily under contracts with customers.

The Corporation routinely enters into commitments to purchase the rights to
broadcast programs, including feature films and sports events. These contracts
permit the broadcast of such properties for various periods ending no later
than April 2002. As of December 31, 1995, the Corporation was committed to make
payments of $3,412 million under such broadcasting contracts.

The Corporation's other commitments consist primarily of those for the purchase
of plant and equipment totalling approximately $40 million at December 31,
1995.

Discontinued Operations

Financial Services commitments with off-balance-sheet credit risk represent
financing commitments to provide funds, including loan or investment
commitments, guarantees, standby letters of credit and standby commitments,
generally in exchange for fees. The remaining commitments have fixed expiration
dates from 1996 through 2002.

At December 31, 1995, Financial Services commitments, consisting of guarantees,
credit enhancements, other standby agreements and commitments to extend credit
totalled $45 million compared to $80 million at year-end 1994. Management
expects the remaining commitments to expire unfunded or be funded with the
resulting assets being sold shortly after funding.

The defense and electronic systems business provides guarantees to customers in
the form of standby letters of credit for bids, advance payments and
performance of contractual obligations. Such guarantees are supported by the
Corporation's lines of credit.  At December 31, 1995, approximately $202
million of guarantees were outstanding. The cost for the lines of credit that
support the guarantees is inventoried if specifically related to an ongoing
contract or otherwise expensed as incurred.


                                     51
<PAGE>   52

NOTE 18: LEASES

The Corporation has commitments under operating leases for certain machinery
and equipment and facilities used in various operations. Rental expense for
Continuing Operations in 1995, 1994 and 1993 was $132 million, $138 million and
$165 million, respectively. These amounts include immaterial amounts for
contingent rentals. Rental expense included sublease income totalling $17
million, $16 million and $5 million for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

MINIMUM RENTAL PAYMENTS-CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                  1995
- ------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>
1996                          $  138
1997                             118
1998                             106
1999                              95
2000                              97
Subsequent years                 750
- ------------------------------------
Minimum rental payments       $1,304
- ------------------------------------
</TABLE>

NOTE 19: OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES, NET

OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES, NET (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>    <C>     <C>
Interest on securities                             $ 12   $  13   $  18
Miscellaneous interest income                         7       3       6
Gain (loss) on disposition of other assets          132      27      20
Operating results-non-consolidated
 affiliates                                           1      (4)     (4)
Foreign currency transaction and
 high-inflation translation effect                   (8)     (6)      4
Estimated loss on disposition of
 non-strategic businesses                            (7)    (17)   (195)
Pension settlement loss (note 4)                      -    (308)      -
Other                                                12       4      (3)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Other income and expenses, net                     $149   $(288)  $(154)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The gain on disposition of other assets for 1995 includes a gain of $115
million from the sale of the Corporation's 62% interest in MICROS Systems, Inc.
and $13 million from the sale of an equity investment. The gain on disposition
of other assets for 1994 includes a gain of $32 million from the sale of two
Sacramento, California radio stations. The 1993 gain on disposition of other
assets includes $21 million from the sale of an equity participavion in a
production company.

NOTE 20: RESTRUCTURING

In recent years, the Corporation has restructured many of its businesses and
its corporate headquarters in an effort to reduce its cost structure and remain
competitive in its markets. Restructuring activities primarily involve the
separation of employees, the closing of facilities, the termination of leases,
and the exiting of product lines. Costs for restructuring activities are
limited to incremental costs that directly result from the restructuring
activities and that provide no future benefit to the Corporation.

A summary of restructuring charges by business segment follows:

RESTRUCTURING COSTS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>     <C>    <C>
Broadcasting                                        $ -     $(2)   $ 12
Power Systems                                        44      21     171
Government & Environmental Services                   -       4      12
Communication & Information Systems                   3       -      11
Other Businesses                                      -       -       5
Corporate and Other                                  39       -      38
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                               $86     $23    $249
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Generally, separated employees receive benefits under the Corporation's
Employee Security and Protection Plan or similar arrangement, including
permanent job separation benefits, retraining, and outplacement assistance. The
amount included for these benefits in the restructuring charge represents the
incremental cost of such benefits over those amounts previously accrued under
SFAS No. 112.  

Based on the Corporation's current estimates, summarized below are the 
restructuring costs for Continuing Operations:

RESTRUCTURING COSTS BY CATEGORY OF EXPENDITURE (dollars in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>      <C>    <C>
Number of involuntary separations                 1,091     541   2,217
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Employee separation costs                           $77    $ 39    $155
Pension curtailment costs                             -       -      22
Asset write-downs                                     6       2      30
Facility closure/rationalization costs                3       -      24
Adjustments                                           -     (18)     18
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total charge to operations                          $86    $ 23    $249
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Of the 3,849 employee separations over the three-year period, 90% were
completed at December 31, 1995. The remaining separations are expected to be
completed in early 1996. Employee separation costs generally are paid over a
period of up to two years following the separation.


                                     52
<PAGE>   53

In connection with the acquisition of CBS, the Corporation developed a
restructuring plan to integrate the operations of CBS with those of the
Corporation, and eliminate duplicate facilities and functions. The cost of that
plan, which is estimated to total approximately $100 million, was recorded in
connection with the purchase.

The following is a reconciliation of the restructuring liability for Continuing
Operations:

RECONCILIATION OF RESTRUCTURING LIABILITY (in millions)
<TABLE>
- ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>
Balance at January 1, 1993                    $   -
Provision for restructuring                     249
Noncash expenditures                            (22)
- ---------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1993                    227
- ---------------------------------------------------
Provision for restructuring                      23
Cash expenditures                              (134)
Noncash expenditures                            (31)
- ---------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1994                     85
- ---------------------------------------------------
Provision for restructuring                      86
CBS acquisition plan                            100
Cash expenditures                              (103)
Noncash expenditures                             (7)
- ---------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 1995                  $ 161
- ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Additional restructuring costs totalling $49 million in 1995, $48 million in
1994, and $101 million in 1993, were included in the results of Discontinued
Operations primarily for the separation of approximately 3,000 employees and
the exiting of various product lines and facilities.

NOTE 21: SEGMENT INFORMATION

Westinghouse is a diversified, global, technology-based corporation operating
in the principal business areas of television and radio broadcasting,
communications, environmental services, transport refrigeration and the
electric utility markets. The Corporation's continuing businesses are aligned
for reporting purposes into the following six segments: Broadcasting, Power
Systems, Thermo King, Government & Environmental Services, Communication &
Information Systems, and Other Businesses. Results of international
manufacturing entities, export sales and foreign licensee income are included
in the financial information of the segment that has operating responsibility.

Broadcasting provides a variety of communications services consisting primarily
of commercial broadcasting, program production, and distribution. It operates
the CBS Television Network, a programming provider for more than 200
affiliates. It sells advertising time to radio, television and cable
advertisers through national and local sales organizations. Broadcasting
currently owns and operates 15 television broadcasting stations and 39 radio
stations. Broadcasting also provides programming and distribution services to
the cable television industry. Group W Satellite Communications (GWSC) provides
sports programming and the marketing and advertising for two country music
entertainment channels.

The Power Systems segment designs, develops, manufactures and services nuclear
and fossil-fueled power generation systems and is a leading supplier of reload
nuclear fuel to the global electric utility market.

Thermo King is a leading supplier of mobile temperature control equipment for
trucks, trailers and seagoing containers, as well as air conditioning for buses
and rail cars.

The Government & Environmental Services segment combines the Corporation's
toxic, hazardous and radioactive waste services, the management and operation
of several government-owned facilities and the U.S. naval nuclear reactors
program.

The Communication & Information Systems segment's primary businesses include
long-distance telephone network management, network infrastructure development
for providers of mobile satellite services and personal communications
services, and residential and commercial security.

The Other Businesses segment consists of businesses deemed to be non-strategic
that are expected to be sold.

The Corporate and Other segment includes corporate activities that are managed
for the benefit of the entire Corporation.

Segment sales of products and services include products that are transferred
between segments, generally at inventory cost plus a margin. Segment operating
profit or loss consists of sales of products and services less segment
operating expenses, which include costs of products and services, marketing,
administration and general expenses, depreciation and amortization, and
restructuring costs.

Segment operating profit for 1995, 1994, and 1993 includes special charges
consisting of costs for restructuring (note 20), litigation matters, and
environmental matters as follows:

SPECIAL CHARGES INCLUDED IN SEGMENT OPERATING PROFIT (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                             1995    1994     1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>      <C>     <C>
Broadcasting                                       $  -     $(2)    $ 12
Power Systems                                       280      21      296
Thermo King                                           -       -        -
Government & Environmental Services                   -       4       32
Communication & Information Systems                   3       -       11
Other Businesses                                      -       -        5
Corporate and Other                                  39       -       98
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                              $322     $23     $454
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                     53

<PAGE>   54

SALES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND SEGMENT OPERATING PROFIT FROM CONTINUING
OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     Sales of Products and Services    Segment Operating Profit (Loss)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31                    1995     1994     1993               1995     1994     1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>     <C>      <C>                 <C>      <C>      <C>
Broadcasting                            $1,108   $  742   $  705              $ 212    $ 197    $ 139
Power Systems                            3,000    2,930    3,083               (207)     165      (39)
Thermo King                              1,065      877      719                176      135      113
Government & Environmental Services        446      457      417                 24       58       28
Communication & Information Systems        361      312      279                 (1)       7       (3)
Other Businesses                           305      524      533                  9        2      (38)
Corporate and Other                         90      153      155               (169)    (159)    (234)
Intersegment Sales                         (79)    (106)    (112)                 -        -        -
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                   $6,296   $5,889   $5,779              $  44    $ 405    $ (34)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Identifiable Assets     Depreciation and Amortization   Capital Expenditures
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AT AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31     1995    1994    1993          1995    1994    1993       1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>     <C>     <C>              <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>     <C>
Broadcasting                           $ 8,889 $   794 $   789          $ 57    $ 31    $ 32       $ 32    $ 35    $ 22
Power Systems                            2,120   2,136   1,985            93      95      96        101      87      80
Thermo King                                379     351     297            15      13      12         23      19      15
Government & Environmental Services        393     535     519            17      25      20         35      23      33
Communication & Information Systems        300     258     253            11      10      11          5       5       3
Other Businesses                            73     383     390             6      11      14          2       2      12
Corporate and Other                      3,156   3,008   3,485            19      29      27         18      20      16
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Continuing Operations                   15,310   7,465   7,718           218     214     212        216     191     181
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Discontinued Operations                  3,304   4,373   6,803            99     106      99         74      68      91
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                  $18,614 $11,838 $14,521          $317    $320    $311       $290    $259    $272
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Assets not identified to segments in the table above principally include cash
and marketable securities, deferred income taxes, prepaid pension cost, and the
intangible pension asset.

Included in income from Continuing Operations is income of subsidiaries located
outside the United States. These subsidiaries reported income of $81 million in
1995, $15 million in 1994, and a loss of $1 million in 1993. Subsidiaries
located outside the United States comprised 5% of total assets of Continuing
Operations in 1995, 11% in 1994, and 10% in 1993. Subsidiaries located outside
the United States comprised 2% of total liabilities of Continuing Operations in
1995 and 5% in 1994 and 1993.

The increase in assets and liabilities of Continwing Operations in 1995
reflects the acquisition of CBS.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31              1995    1994    1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>      <C>     <C>
Sales of products and services from
Continuing Operations:
  U.S.                                          $ 5,364  $5,068  $4,940
  Outside the U.S.                                  932     821     839
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales of products and services                  $ 6,296  $5,889  $5,779
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profit (loss) from
Continuing Operations:
  U.S.                                          $   (72) $  355  $  (43)
  Outside the U.S.                                  116      50       9
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profit (loss)                         $    44  $  405  $  (34)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Segment identifiable assets of
Continuing Operations:
  U.S.                                          $14,475  $6,655  $6,922
  Outside the U.S.                                  835     810     796
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Segment identifiable assets                     $15,310  $7,465  $7,718
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                  54
<PAGE>   55

The Corporation sells products manufactured domestically to customers
throughout the world using domestic divisions and subsidiaries doing business
primarily outside the United States. Generally, products manufactured outside
the United States are sold outside the United States.

SALES FROM PRODUCTS AND SERVICES SOLD OUTSIDE THE U.S.
FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED December 31     1995                 1994                  1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 % of                 % of                  % of
                      Amount    Sales      Amount    Sales       Amount    Sales
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>         <C>     <C>
Subsidiaries
  outside the U.S.:
Europe, Africa,
  Middle East         $  585      9.3%     $  493      8.4%        $537     9.3%
Canada                   256      4.1%        234      4.0%         240     4.2%
All other                 91      1.4%         94      1.5%          62     1.0%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                 $  932     14.8%     $  821     13.9%        $839    14.5%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. exports:
Europe, Africa,
  Middle East         $  331      5.3%     $  414      7.0%        $299     5.2%
Asia-Pacific             806     12.8%        508      8.6%         317     5.5%
All other                174      2.7%        218      3.7%         357     6.1%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                 $1,311     20.8%     $1,140     19.3%        $973    16.8%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Purchases by the U.S. Government and its agencies accounted for 6% of sales of
products and services from Continuing Operations for the years 1993 through
1995. Sales to the utility segment accounted for 32% of sales of products and
services from Continuing Operations during 1995, 36% in 1994, and 37% in 1993.
No one customer made purchases totalling 10% or more of sales of products and
services.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                      1995       1994       1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>        <C>         <C>
Westinghouse-sponsored:
  Power Systems                             $ 40       $ 66       $ 59
  Other                                       14         22         31
Customer-sponsored:
  Power Systems                               66         47         52
  Other                                       46         52         50
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Total research and development
  expenditures                              $166       $187       $192
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


NOTE 22: FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The estimated fair value of financial instruments has been determined by the
Corporation using the best available market information and appropriate
valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is necessary in
interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly,
the estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that the
Corporation could realize in a current market exchange or the value that
ultimately will be realized by the Corporation upon maturity or disposition.
Additionally, because of the variety of valuation techniques permitted under
SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Values of Financial Instruments,"
comparability of fair values among entities may not be meaningful. The use of
different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a
material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS-
CONTINUING OPERATIONS (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                         1995                        1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     Estimated                   Estimated
                               Carrying        Fair        Carrying        Fair
                                 Amount       Value          Amount       Value
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>
ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents        $  213      $  213          $  329      $  329
Investments in marketable
  securities                         55          55               -           -
Noncurrent customer and
  other receivables                 172         161             115         102
LIABILITIES:
Short-term debt                     309         309             634         634
Current maturities of
  long-term debt                    330         330               7           7
Long-term debt                    7,226       7,239           1,865       1,701
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET FINANCIAL
  INSTRUMENTS-GAINS (LOSSES):
Interest rate swap agreements         -         (14)              -          (4)
Foreign currency exchange contracts   -           4               -          (6)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                     55
<PAGE>   56

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS-
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (in millions)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AT DECEMBER 31                          1995                        1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      Estimated                   Estimated
                               Carrying        Fair        Carrying        Fair
                                 Amount       Value          Amount       Value
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>
ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents          $ 13        $ 13            $ 15        $ 15
Noncurrent customer and
  other receivables                  98          97             122         121
Portfolio investments:
  Real estate                        35          16             297         326
  Corporate                           1          (1)              9           1
LIABILITIES:
Short-term debt                      81          81             402         402
Current maturities of
  long-term debt                    265         341             240         238
Long-term debt                      157         164             589         660
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET FINANCIAL
  INSTRUMENTS-GAINS (LOSSES):
Interest rate and currency
  exchange agreements:
  Unrealized gains                    -          72               -          82
  Unrealized losses                   -           -               -          (5)
Financing commitments                 -           -               -           -
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of
financial instruments for which it was practicable to estimate that value.

Cash and cash equivalents

The carrying amount for cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value.

Investments in marketable securities

The fair value of investments in marketable securities is based on quoted
market prices.

Noncurrent customer and other receivables

The fair value of noncurrent customer and other receivables is estimated by
discounting the expected future cash flows at interest rates commensurate with
the creditworthiness of the customers and other third parties.

Portfolio investments

At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the fair value of portfolio investments was
determined using financial information prepared by independent third parties,
discounted cash flow projections, financial statements for investee companies
and letters of intent or other asset sale agreements.

Short-term debt

The carrying amount of the Corporation's borrowings under credit facilities and
other arrangements approximate fair value.

Long-term debt

The fair value of long-term debt has been estimated using quoted market prices
or discounted cash flow methods based on the Corporation's current borrowing
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements with comparable terms and
maturities.

Interest rate and currency exchange agreements

The fair value of interest rate and currency exchange agreements is the amount
that the Corporation would receive or pay to terminate the agreements, based on
quoted market prices or discounted cash flow methods, considering current
interest rates, currency exchange rates and remaining maturities.

Financing commitments

Most of the unfunded commitments relate to, and are inseparable from, specific
portfolio investments.  When establishing the fair value for those portfolio
investments, consideration was given to the related financing commitments.

Foreign currency exchange contracts

The fair value of foreign exchange contracts is based on quoted market prices
to terminate the contracts.

                                     56
<PAGE>   57

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited, in millions except per 
 share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        1995 Quarter Ended                  1994 Quarter Ended
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 Dec. 31 Sept. 30 June 30 March 31   Dec. 31 Sept. 30 June 30 March 31
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
Sales of products and services   $ 2,093  $ 1,378 $ 1,531  $ 1,294   $ 1,752  $ 1,469 $ 1,475  $ 1,193
Gross profit                         639      382     443      352       562      374     398      278
Income (loss) from
  Continuing Operations              (78)      22      23      (11)     (118)      46      41       18
Income (loss) from
  Discontinued Operations             71      (74)     36       26        11       27      34       18
Net income (loss)                     (7)     (52)     59       15      (107)      73      75       36
Primary earnings (loss)
 per common share:
  Continuing Operations             (.18)     .03     .03     (.06)     (.33)     .08     .07      .02
  Discontinued Operations            .16     (.18)    .09      .07       .03      .07     .09      .05
  Earnings (loss) per
   common share                     (.02)    (.15)    .12      .01      (.30)     .15     .16      .07
Fully diluted earnings (loss)
 per common share:
  Continuing Operations             (.18)     .05    .03      (.06)     (.33)     .08     .07      .02
  Discontinued Operations            .16     (.17)   .09       .07       .03      .07     .09      .05
  Earnings (loss) per
   common share                     (.02)    (.12)   .12       .01      (.30)     .15     .16      .07
Dividends paid                       .05      .05    .05       .05       .05      .05     .05      .05
New York Stock Exchange
 market price per share:
  High                            17-7/8   15-1/2  16-3/8   16        14-5/8   14-3/8  13-1/4   15-1/4
  Low                             13-3/8   12-5/8  13-7/8   12-1/8    11-3/4   11-1/2  10-7/8   11-1/2
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                     57
<PAGE>   58

FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY

SELECTED FINANCIAL AND STATISTICAL DATA
(Unaudited, in millions except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     1995              1994              1993             1992            1991
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>
Sales of products and services             $        6,296    $        5,889    $        5,779    $       5,800    $      5,681
Other income and expenses, net                        149              (288)             (154)             (37)             (6)   
Interest expense                                     (233)             (134)             (165)            (169)           (176)
Income (loss) from Continuing
  Operations before income taxes
   and minority interest                              (40)              (17)             (353)             275             193
Income taxes                                            7                13               116              (84)            (50)
Income (loss) from Continuing Operations              (44)              (13)             (246)             186             141
Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations             59                90               (24)          (1,242)         (1,227)
Cumulative effect of changes
 in accounting principles                               -                 -               (56)            (338)              -
Net income (loss)                                      15                77              (326)          (1,394)         (1,086)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Primary earnings (loss) per common share:
  Continuing Operations                    $         (.19)   $         (.16)   $         (.84)   $         .46    $        .45
  Discontinued Operations                             .14               .23              (.07)           (3.59)          (3.91)
  Cumulative effect of changes in
   accounting principles                                -                 -              (.16)            (.98)              -
  Earnings (loss) per common share                   (.05)              .07             (1.07)           (4.11)          (3.46)
Fully diluted earnings (loss)
 per common share:
  Continuing Operations                    $         (.10)   $         (.16)   $         (.84)   $         .46    $        .45
  Discontinued Operations                             .13               .23              (.07)           (3.59)          (3.91)
  Cumulative effect of changes in
   accounting principles                                -                 -              (.16)            (.98)              -
  Earnings (loss) per common share                    .03               .07             (1.07)           (4.11)          (3.46)
Dividends per common share                            .20               .20               .40              .72            1.40
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets-Continuing Operations         $       15,310    $        7,465    $        7,718    $       6,864    $      6,298
Total assets-Discontinued Operations                3,304             4,373             6,803           11,061          13,620
Total assets                                       18,614            11,838            14,521           17,925          19,918
Long-term debt-Continuing Operations                7,226             1,865             1,870            1,316           1,252
Long-term debt-Discontinued Operations                157               589               662            1,627           2,482
Total debt-Continuing Operations                    7,865             2,506             2,509            2,803           3,807
Total debt-Discontinued Operations                    503             1,231             3,841            7,130           7,349
Shareholders' equity                                1,508             1,815             1,062            2,235           3,748
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average common and common
 equivalent shares outstanding                410,137,941       383,736,249       352,901,670      346,103,408     313,984,242
Market price range per share               $17-7/8-12-1/8    $15-1/4-10-7/8    $17-1/8-12-3/4    $20-7/8-9-3/4    $  31-13-3/4
Market price at year end                           16-3/8            12-1/4            14-1/8           13-3/8              18
Common shareholders at year end                   125,962           125,376           125,806          127,559         120,833
Average number of employees                        77,813            84,399           103,063          109,050         113,664
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
Previously reported amounts have been restated to segregate the results of 
Discontinued Operations from Continuing Operations.

                                     58
<PAGE>   59


                                      PART III


ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

  Part of the information concerning executive officers required by this
item is set forth in Part I pursuant to General Instruction G to Form 10-K and
part is incorporated herein by reference to "Security Ownership" in the Proxy
Statement.

  The information as to directors is incorporated herein by reference to
"Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement.


ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference
to "Executive Compensation" in the Proxy Statement.


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference
to "Security Ownership" in the Proxy Statement.


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

  The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference
to "Transactions Involving Directors and Executive Officers" in the Proxy
Statement.


                                       59
<PAGE>   60
                                      PART IV


ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.


(a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

  The financial statements required by this item are listed under Part II,
Item 8, which list is incorporated herein by reference.

(a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

  The following financial statement schedule for Westinghouse Electric
Corporation and the Report of Independent Accountants thereon are included in
Part IV of this report:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     PAGE
                                                                     ----
      <S>                                                             <C>
      Report of Independent Accountants on Financial
        Statement Schedules                                           63

      For the three years ended December 31, 1995:
      Schedule VIII -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts              64
</TABLE>

  Other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the
required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.


(A) EXHIBITS

     (3)   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

           (a)    The Restated Articles of the Company as amended to January 8,
                  1996.

           (b)    Amendments to Restated Articles

           (c)    The Bylaws of the Company, as amended to December 28, 1995.

           (d)    Amendments to Bylaws

     (4)   RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS

           Except as set forth below, there are no instruments with respect to
           long-term debt of the Company that involve securities authorized
           thereunder exceeding 10% of the total assets of the Company and its
           subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  The Company agrees to provide
           to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of
           instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the
           Company and its subsidiaries.

           (a)  Form of Senior Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1990,
                between the Company and Citibank, N.A. is incorporated herein by
                reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement
                No. 33-41417.

           (b)  Rights Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to
                Exhibit 1 to Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange
                Commission on January 9, 1996.


                                       60
<PAGE>   61
      (10)       MATERIAL CONTRACTS

                 (a*)     The Annual Performance Plan is incorporated herein by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-K/A for the
                          year ended December 31, 1992.

                 (b*)     The 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended to
                          February 28, 1996.

                 (c*)     The 1984 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended to
                          February 28, 1996.

                 (d*)     The Westinghouse Executive Pension Plan, as amended,
                          is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(d)
                          to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

                 (e*)     The Deferred Compensation and Stock Plan for
                          Directors, as amended, is incorporated herein by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-Q for the
                          quarter ended March 31, 1995.

                 (f*)     The Advisory Director's Plan, as amended to April 26,
                          1989.

                 (g)      The Director's Charitable Giving Program is
                          incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

                 (h*)     The 1991 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended to
                          February 28, 1996.
 
                 (i*)     Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael
                          H. Jordan is hereby incorporated by reference to
                          Exhibit 10 to the Company's Form 8-K, dated September
                          1, 1993.

                 (j*)     Employment Agreement between the Company and Fredric
                          G. Reynolds is incorporated herein by reference to
                          Exhibit 10(j) to Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1994.

                 (k)      $7.5 billion Credit Agreement among Westinghouse
                          Electric Corporation, the Lenders, Morgan Guaranty
                          Trust Company of New York, and Chemical Bank, dated
                          September 12, 1995, is incorporated herein by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(n) to Form 10-Q for the
                          quarter ended September 30, 1995.

*  Identifies management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

    (11)       Computation of Per Share Earnings

    (12)(a)    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges

    (12)(b)    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges
               and Preferred Dividends

    (21)       Subsidiaries of the Registrant

    (23)       Consent of Independent Accountants

    (24)       Powers of Attorney and Extract of Resolution of Board of 
               Directors

    (27)       Financial Data Schedule


                                       61
<PAGE>   62
(b)   REPORTS ON FORM 8-K:

      A Current Report on Form 8-K (Items 5 and 7) dated November 24, 1995 to
      report a press release announcing the completion of the acquisition of CBS
      Inc.

      A Current Report on Form 8-K (Items 5 and 7) dated December 29, 1995 to
      report a press release announcing the adoption of a shareholder rights
      plan.

      A Current Report on Form 8-K (Item 7) dated January 9, 1996 filing a  
      Rights Agreement by and between Westinghouse Electric Corporation and
      First Chicago Trust Company of New York dated December 28, 1995.

      A Current Report on Form 8-K/A (Item 7) dated February 6, 1996, amending
      Item 7(b) of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 1995.

      A Current Report on Form 8-K (Items 5 and 7) dated February 8, 1996,
      filing financial information for the redefined reporting segments of the
      Company.


                                       62
<PAGE>   63
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

To the Board of Directors of Westinghouse Electric Corporation

     Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our
report dated February 12, 1996 appearing on page 30 of this Form 10-K of
Westinghouse Electric Corporation (which report and consolidated financial
statements are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included an
audit of the Financial Statement Schedule listed in Item 14(a)(2) of this Form
10-K.  In our opinion, this Financial Statement Schedule presents fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.


/s/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Price Waterhouse LLP
600 Grant Street
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-9954
February 12, 1996


                                       63
<PAGE>   64
                                 SCHEDULE VIII

                         VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               DECEMBER 31          
                                                     -------------------------------
                                                      1995         1994         1993
 (IN MILLIONS)                                        ----         ----         ----
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>         <C>      
Customer receivables from Continuing Operations --   
  allowance for doubtful accounts:
    Balance at beginning of year....................  $ 52         $ 50        $ 44
    Charged to costs and expenses...................    13           11          11
    Charged to the allowance........................   (31)          (9)         (5)
    Other...........................................     5            -           -
                                                      ----         ----        ----
       Balance at end of year (a)...................  $ 39         $ 52        $ 50
                                                      ====         ====        ====
Deferred income taxes -- valuation allowance:
    Balance at beginning of year....................  $101         $ 90        $ 94
    Charged (credited) to costs and expenses........    (3)          11          (4)
                                                      ----         ----        ---- 
       Balance at end of year.......................  $ 98         $101        $ 90
                                                      ====         ====        ====

<FN>
(a)  At December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, all amounts were classified as
     current.
</TABLE>


                                       64
<PAGE>   65
                                     SIGNATURE


     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 13th day of
March, 1996.


                                    WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION


                                         /s/ FREDRIC G. REYNOLDS
                                   By:--------------------------------
                                           Fredric G. Reynolds
                                       Executive Vice President and
                                         Chief Financial Officer


     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

         Signature and Title
         -------------------

Frank C. Carlucci, Director
Robert E. Cawthorn, Director
Gary M. Clark, President and Director
George H. Conrades, Director
William H. Gray, III, Director
Michael H. Jordan, Chairman and
   Chief Executive Officer
   (principal executive officer) and
   Director
Dr. David K.P. Li, Director
David T. McLaughlin, Director                     
Richard M. Morrow, Director                    By:  /s/ FREDRIC G. REYNOLDS
Richard R. Pivirotto, Director                     -------------------------
Dr. Paula Stern, Director                               Fredric G. Reynolds
Fredric G. Reynolds, Executive Vice President           Attorney-In-Fact 
   and Chief Financial Officer                          March 13, 1996
   (principal financial officer)
Robert D. Walter, Director


     Original powers of attorney authorizing Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G.
Reynolds, individually, to sign this report on behalf of the listed directors
and officers of the Company and a certified copy of a resolution of the Board
of Directors of the Company authorizing each of said persons to sign on behalf
of the Company have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
are included as Exhibit 24 to this report.


                                       65
<PAGE>   66
                                 EXHIBITS INDEX

(3)   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

      (a)    The Restated Articles of the Company as amended to January 8, 1996.

      (b)    Amendments to Restated Articles

      (c)    The Bylaws of the Company, as amended to December 28, 1995.

      (d)    Amendments to Bylaws

(4)   RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      Except as set forth below, there are no instruments with respect to
      long-term debt of the Company that involve securities authorized
      thereunder exceeding 10% of the total assets of the Company and its
      subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  The Company agrees to provide to
      the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of
      instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the
      Company and its subsidiaries.

     *(a)  Form of Senior Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1990, between the
           Company and Citibank, N.A. is incorporated herein by reference to
           Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement No. 33-41417.

     *(b)  Rights Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to
           Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January
           9, 1996.


(10)  MATERIAL CONTRACTS

     *(a)  The Annual Performance Plan is incorporated herein by reference to
           Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 1992.

      (b)  The 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended to February 28, 1996.

      (c)  The 1984 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended to February 28, 1996.

     *(d)  The Westinghouse Executive Pension Plan, as amended, is incorporated
           herein by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to Form 10-K for the year ended
           December 31, 1994.

     *(e)  The Deferred Compensation and Stock Plan for Directors, as amended,
           is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-Q for
           the quarter ended March 31, 1995.

     *(f)  The Advisory Director's Plan, as amended to April 26, 1989.

     *(g)  The Director's Charitable Giving Program is incorporated herein by
           reference to Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-K for the year ended December
           31, 1994.

      (h)  The 1991 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended to February 28, 1996.

     *(i)  Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael H. Jordan is
           hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company's Form
           8-K, dated September 1, 1993.

     *(j)  Employment Agreement between the Company and Fredric G. Reynolds is
           incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to Form 10-K for
           the year ended December 31, 1994.

     *(k)  $7.5 billion Credit Agreement among Westinghouse Electric
           Corporation, the Lenders, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
           and Chemical Bank, dated September 12, 1995, is incorporated herein
           by reference to Exhibit 10(n) to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           September 30, 1995.

(11)       Computation of Per Share Earnings

(12)(a)    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges

(12)(b)    Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges
           and Preferred Dividends

(21)       Subsidiaries of the Registrant

(23)       Consent of Independent Accountants

(24)       Powers of Attorney and Extract of Resolution of Board of Directors

(27)       Financial Data Schedule

*  Incorporated by reference

                                       66
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                Exhibit 3(a)

                               RESTATED ARTICLES
                                       OF
                       WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION

                        (As amended to January 8, 1996)

  FIRST:  The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the "Company") is
WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION.

  SECOND: The location and post office address of the current registered office
of the Company in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is Westinghouse Building,
Gateway Center, Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania 15222.

  THIRD:  The Company is subject to the Act of the General Assembly of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, known as the "Business Corporation Law," approved
May 5, 1933, and any act amendatory thereof, supplementary thereto or
substituted therefor, and the purposes for which the Company is organized are:

   (1)  To develop, build, manufacture, process and otherwise produce, to
  purchase, lease, exchange and otherwise acquire, and to hold, own, use,
  operate, repair, sell, lease, assign, distribute and otherwise deal in and
  dispose of structures, machinery, equipment, apparatus, appliances, devices,
  products, materials, articles, processes and systems for any application or
  purpose, whether for use for industrial, utility, transportation,
  broadcasting, communication, home, defense, consumer or other purposes or
  applications, or combinations thereof, whatsoever, including but not limited
  to the following: for the generation, conversion, transmission, utilization,
  storage and control of any form of energy whatsoever (including but not
  limited to electrical, mechanical, chemical, atomic, nuclear, steam, thermal,
  mineral, gas, water and solar); for the handling, conditioning, heating,
  cooling, treatment, application or use of air and other gases, liquids and
  solids; for aerial, nautical, terrestrial, spatial or celestial operations,
  applications or navigation; for radio, television and all other forms of
  transmission, reception or communication; and for incorporation into or use
  in, on or about any establishment, building or structure of any kind or
  nature whatsoever; and any and all related engines, turbines, motors, parts,
  tools, accessories and improvements thereof and supplies or materials
  pertaining or incidental to any of the above structures, machinery,
  equipment, apparatus, appliances, devices, products, materials, articles,
  processes and systems, of any kind or nature whatsoever.


LAW2:7499                                                              -1-
<PAGE>   2
   (2)  To develop, build, manufacture, process and otherwise produce, to
  purchase, lease, exchange and otherwise acquire, and to hold, own, use,
  operate, repair, sell, lease, assign, distribute and otherwise deal in and
  dispose of structures, machinery, equipment, apparatus, appliances, devices,
  products, materials, articles, processes, systems, goods, wares and
  merchandise of every kind, nature and description, and to engage in any
  industrial, manufacturing, mining, mercantile, broadcasting, trading or other
  lawful business of any kind or character whatsoever.

   (3)  To conduct and carry on research work in, and to engage in any activity
  pertaining or incidental to, any scientific, technical or other field or
  fields, and to render services of a scientific, technical or other nature to
  any person, association, firm, corporation, country, state, municipality or
  other governmental division or subdivision.

   (4)  To purchase, lease, exchange and otherwise acquire all, or any part of,
  or any interest in, the properties, assets, business and goodwill of any one
  or more persons, associations, firms or corporations; to pay for the same in
  cash, property or its own or other securities; to hold, own, use, operate,
  reorganize and otherwise manage such properties, assets, business and
  goodwill; to sell, lease, assign, distribute, liquidate and otherwise deal in
  and dispose of the whole or any part thereof; and in connection therewith, to
  assume or guarantee performance of any liabilities, obligations or contracts
  of such persons, associations, firms or corporations.

   (5)  To develop, apply for, register, take licenses in respect of, purchase,
  lease, exchange and otherwise acquire, and to hold, own, use, operate, sell,
  lease, assign, grant licenses in respect of, manufacture under, exercise and
  otherwise deal in and dispose of any and all inventions, devices, formulae,
  technical or business information, including trade secrets, know-how,
  processes, improvements and modifications thereof, letters patent and all
  rights connected therewith or appertaining thereto, copyrights, trademarks,
  trade names, trade symbols and other indications of origin and ownership,
  franchises, licenses, concessions or other rights granted by or recognized
  under the laws of any country, state, municipality or other governmental
  division or subdivision.

   (6)  To purchase, exchange and otherwise acquire, and to hold, own, sell,
  assign, transfer, reissue, cancel and otherwise deal in and dispose of its
  own shares and securities, to such extent and in such manner and upon such
  terms as it may determine; provided that the Company shall not use its funds
  or property for the purchase of its own shares when such purchase shall be
  prohibited by law; and


LAW2:7499                                                              -2-
<PAGE>   3
  provided that shares of its capital stock which belong to the Company shall
  not be voted directly or indirectly.

   (7)  To enter into, make, perform and carry out contracts and agreements of
  every kind and description which may be necessary, appropriate, convenient or
  advisable in carrying out the purposes of the Company, with any person,
  association, firm, corporation, country, state, municipality or other
  governmental division or subdivision.

   (8)  To carry out any of or all the foregoing purposes as principal or agent
  and alone or with associates; and to execute from time to time such general
  or special powers of attorney to such person or persons as it may determine,
  granting to such person or persons such powers as it may deem proper, and to
  revoke such powers of attorney as and when it may desire; and to conduct its
  business in any and all of its branches at one or more offices in the
  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and elsewhere.

   (9)  To do everything necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for, or in
  connection with, or incident to, the accomplishment of any of the purposes
  herein enumerated, or which shall at any time appear conducive to or
  expedient for the accomplishment of any of such purposes, not inconsistent
  with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

   Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Article THIRD, none of the
purposes set forth above in this Article THIRD shall be in any way limited or
restricted by reference to, or inference from, any other of the purposes
therein set forth, and each of said purposes shall be regarded as a separate
and independent purpose.

   The purposes set forth above shall be construed as powers as well as
purposes; but the enumeration herein of certain powers is not intended to be
exclusive of, or a waiver of, but shall be in addition to, the powers, rights
or privileges granted or conferred by said "Business Corporation Law" and any
other laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania applicable to the Company that
may now or hereafter be in force.  Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company shall have and may exercise the general powers which are
now or may hereafter be enumerated in Section 302 of said "Business Corporation
Law," or any act amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted
therefor, to the same extent as if such powers were set forth in full herein.

   Except as otherwise provided by law or these Restated Articles of
Incorporation or the By-laws, the powers of the Company shall be exercised by
its Board of Directors.

   Nothing herein contained shall authorize or be construed as intended to
authorize the Company to carry on any business or exercise any powers in any
commonwealth, state, territory, or country which a business corporation
organized under the laws of such commonwealth, state, territory or country
could not carry on or exercise, except to the extent permitted or authorized by
the laws of such commonwealth, state, territory or


LAW2:7499                                                              -3-
<PAGE>   4
country; and notwithstanding any provision herein, the Company shall not be
deemed to have the power to carry on or exercise within the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania any business whatsoever the carrying on or exercising of which
would prevent the Company from being classified as a business corporation under
said "Business Corporation Law," or any act amendatory thereof, supplemental
thereto or substituted therefor.

  FOURTH: The term of existence of Company shall be perpetual.

  FIFTH:  A.  The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
Company shall have authority to issue is 655 million consisting of (1) 25
million shares of Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share ("Preferred
Stock"), and (2) 630 million shares of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share
("Common Stock").

   B.  The Board of Directors is hereby expressly authorized to provide, out of
the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for series of Preferred Stock.  Before
any share of any such series is issued, the Board shall fix, and hereby is
expressly empowered to fix, the following provisions of the shares thereof:

   (1)  the terms of such series, the number of shares to constitute such
  series and the stated value thereof if different from the par value thereof;

   (2)  whether the shares of such series shall have voting rights in addition
  to any voting rights provided by law and, if so, the terms of such voting
  rights, which may be general or limited;

   (3)  the dividends, if any, payable on such series, whether any such
  dividends shall be cumulative and, if so, from what dates, the conditions and
  dates upon which such dividends shall be payable, the preference or relation
  which such dividends shall bear to the dividends payable on any shares of
  stock of any other class or any other series of Preferred Stock;

   (4)  whether the shares of such series shall be subject to redemption at the
  election of the Company or the holders of such series and, if so, the times,
  prices and other conditions of such redemption;

   (5)  the amount or amounts payable upon shares of such series upon, and the
  rights of the holders of such series in the event of, voluntary or
  involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or upon any distribution
  of the assets of the Company;

   (6)  whether the shares of such series shall be subject to the operation of
  a retirement or sinking fund and, if so, the extent to and manner in which
  any such retirement or sinking fund shall be applied to the purchase or
  redemption of the shares of such series for retirement or other


LAW2:7499                                                              -4-
<PAGE>   5
  corporate purposes and the terms and provisions relative to the operation
  thereof;

   (7)  whether the shares of such series shall be convertible into, or
  exchangeable for, shares of stock of any other class or any other series of
  Preferred Stock or any other securities and, if so, the price or prices or
  the rate or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of
  adjusting the same, and any other terms and conditions of conversion or
  exchange;

   (8)  the limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any
  shares of such series are outstanding upon the payment of dividends or the
  making of other distributions on, or upon the purchase, redemption or other
  acquisition by the Company of, the Common Stock or shares of stock of any
  other class or any other series of Preferred Stock;

   (9)  the conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the creation of
  indebtedness of the Company or upon the issue of any additional stock,
  including additional shares of any other series of Preferred Stock or of any
  other class of stock; and

   (10)  any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional
  and other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations and
  restrictions thereof.

   C.  The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other
special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and
all other series of Preferred Stock at any time outstanding.  All shares of any
one series of Preferred Stock shall be identical in all respects with all other
shares of such series, except that shares of any one series issued at different
times may differ as to the dates from which dividends thereon shall be
cumulative.

   D.  Subject to the provisions of this Article FIFTH and actions taken by the
Board of Directors pursuant to this Article FIFTH: 

   (1)  such dividends (whether in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be
  determined by the Board of Directors may be declared and paid on the Common
  Stock from time to time in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
  Pennsylvania; and the holders of the Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to
  participate in any such dividends whether payable in cash, stock or otherwise;

   (2)  voting power shall be exclusively vested in the Common Stock;

   (3)  dividends upon shares of any class of the Company shall be payable only
  out of assets legally available for the payment of such dividends, and the
  rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock of all series and of the holders
  of the Common Stock in respect of dividends shall at all times


LAW2:7499                                                              -5-
<PAGE>   6
  be subject to the power of the Board of Directors, which is hereby expressly
  vested in said Board, from time to time to set aside such reserves and to
  make such other provisions, if any, as said Board shall deem to be necessary
  or advisable for working capital, for additions, improvements and betterments
  to plant and equipment, for expansion of the Company's business (including
  the acquisition of real and personal property for that purpose), for plans
  for maintaining employment at the plants of the Company and also for other
  plans for the benefit of employees generally, and for any other purposes of
  the Company whether or not similar to those herein mentioned;

   (4)  holders of Preferred Stock and holders of Common Stock shall not have
  any preemptive, preferential or other right to subscribe for or purchase or
  acquire any shares of any class or any other securities of the Company,
  whether now or hereafter authorized, and whether or not convertible into, or
  evidencing or carrying the right to purchase, shares of any class or any
  other securities now or hereafter authorized, and whether the same shall be
  issued for cash, services or property, or by way of dividend or otherwise,
  other than such right, if any, as the Board of Directors in its discretion
  from time to time may determine.  If the Board of Directors shall offer to
  the holders of the Preferred Stock or the holders of the Common Stock, or any
  of them, any such shares or other securities of the Company, such offer shall
  not in any way constitute a waiver or release of the right of the Board of
  Directors subsequently to dispose of other portions of said shares or
  securities without so offering the same to said holders.

   (5)  the shares of Preferred Stock and the shares of Common Stock may be
  issued for such consideration and for such corporate purposes as the Board of
  Directors may from time to time determine;

   (6)  subject to the provisions of the By-laws of the Company as from time to
  time amended, with respect to the closing of the transfer books or the fixing
  of a record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote, each
  holder of record of shares of any class of the Company shall be entitled to
  one vote, on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders and
  in respect of which shares of such class shall be entitled to be voted, for
  every share of such class standing in his name on the books of the Company;

   (7)  in each election of directors no shareholder shall have any right to
  cumulate his votes and cast them for one candidate or distribute them among
  two or more candidates.

   E.  1.  DESIGNATION AND AMOUNT.  The shares of this series shall be
designated as "Series A Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred
Stock").  The par value of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
$1.00. The number of


LAW2:7499                                                              -6-
<PAGE>   7
shares constituting the Series A Preferred Stock initially shall be 5,000,000;
provided, however, that, if more than a total of 5,000,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be issuable upon the exercise of Rights (the "Rights")
issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of December 28, 1995, between
the Company and First Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Rights Agent (as
such agreement may be amended from time to time, the "Rights Agreement"), the
Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to Section 1914(c) and/or Section
1522(b) of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988, as amended (the
"Pennsylvania BCL"), and in accordance with the provisions of Article FIFTH of
the Restated Articles of Incorporation, shall adopt a resolution or resolutions
increasing the previously determined total number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock authorized to be issued (to the extent that the Restated
Articles of Incorporation then permit) to the largest number of whole shares
(rounded up to the nearest whole number) issuable upon exercise of such Rights
and directing that a statement or articles of amendment with respect to such
increase in authorized shares for the Series A Preferred Stock be executed and
filed with the Department of State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

   2.  DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.
   (a)  Subject to the provisions for adjustment hereinafter set forth, the
holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds
legally available for the purpose, (i) a cash dividend in an amount per share
(rounded to the nearest cent) equal to 100 times the aggregate per share amount
of each cash dividend declared or paid on the Common Stock, $1.00 par value per
share, of the Company (the "Common Stock") and any other security ranking
junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii) a preferential cash dividend
(the "Preferential Dividends"), if any, in preference to the holders of Common
Stock and any other security ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, on
the first day of March, June, September and December of each year (each a
"Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of
Series A Preferred Stock, payable in an amount (except in the case of the first
Quarterly Dividend Payment if the date of the first issuance of Series A
Preferred Stock is a date other than a Quarterly Dividend Payment date, in
which case such payment shall be a prorated amount of such amount) equal to
$1.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock less the per share amount of all
cash dividends declared on the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (i)
of this sentence since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the
first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock.
In addition, in the event the Company shall, at any time after the issuance of
any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, pay any dividend
or make any distribution on the


LAW2:7499                                                              -7-
<PAGE>   8
shares of Common Stock of the Company, whether by way of a dividend or a
reclassification of stock, a recapitalization, reorganization or partial
liquidation of the Company or otherwise, which is payable in cash or any debt
security, debt instrument, real or personal property or any other property
(other than (x) cash dividends subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
(y) a distribution of shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the
Company or (z) a distribution of rights or warrants to acquire any such shares,
including as such a right any debt security convertible into or exchangeable
for any such shares, at a price less than the Fair Market Value (as hereinafter
defined) of such shares on the date of issuance of such rights or warrants),
then, and in each such event, the Company shall simultaneously pay on each then
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock a distribution, in like kind, of
100 times such distribution paid on a share of Common Stock (subject to the
provisions for adjustment hereinafter set forth).  The dividends and
distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock to which holders thereof are
entitled pursuant to clause (i) of the first sentence of this paragraph and
pursuant to the second sentence of this paragraph are hereinafter referred to
as "Dividends" and the multiple of such cash and non-cash dividends and
distributions on the Common Stock applicable to the determination of the
Dividends, which shall be 100 initially but shall be adjusted from time to time
as hereinafter provided, is hereinafter referred to as the "Dividend Multiple."
In the event the Company shall at any time after January 9, 1996 declare or pay
any dividend or make any distribution on Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or split or a combination, consolidation
or reverse split of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater or
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the Dividend
Multiple thereafter applicable to the determination of the amount of Dividends
which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive shall be the Dividend Multiple applicable immediately prior to such
event multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of
which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

   (b)  The Company shall declare each Dividend at the same time it declares
any cash or non-cash dividend or distribution on the Common Stock in respect of
which a Dividend is required to be paid.  No cash or non-cash dividend or
distribution on the Common Stock in respect of which a Dividend is required to
be paid shall be paid or set aside for payment on the Common Stock unless a
Dividend in respect of such dividend or distribution on the Common Stock shall
be simultaneously paid, or set aside for payment, on the Series A Preferred
Stock.

   (c)  Preferential Dividends shall begin to accrue on outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next
preceding the date of issuance of such


LAW2:7499                                                              -8-
<PAGE>   9
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.  Accrued but unpaid Preferential Dividends
shall cumulate but shall not bear interest.  

   (d)  Any dividend payment made on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid Preferential
Dividend due with respect to shares of the Series A Preferred Stock.

   (e)  All dividends paid with respect to shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to this paragraph 2 shall be paid pro rata on a share-by-share
basis to the holders entitled thereto.

   (f)  The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled
to receive any dividends or distributions except as provided herein.

   3.  VOTING RIGHTS.  The holders of record of outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

   (a)  Subject to the provisions for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each
  share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 100
  votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of the Common Stock.
  The number of votes which a holder of a share of Series A Preferred Stock is
  entitled to cast, as the same may be adjusted from time to time as hereinafter
  provided, is hereinafter referred to as the "Vote Multiple."  In the event the
  Company shall at any time after January 9, 1996 declare or pay any dividend on
  Common Stock, payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or
  split or a combination, consolidation or reverse split of the outstanding
  shares of Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common
  Stock, then in each such case the Vote Multiple thereafter applicable to the
  determination of the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of
  Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled after such event shall be the Vote
  Multiple immediately prior to such event multiplied by a fraction the
  numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
  immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
  shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

   (b)  Except as otherwise provided herein, in the Restated Articles of
  Incorporation, in the By-laws, or as otherwise provided by law, the holders
  of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common
  Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of
  shareholders of the Company.

   (c)  In the event that the Preferential Dividends payable to the holders of
  Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears and unpaid for the equivalent of six
  quarterly periods, the Board of Directors will be increased by two directors
  and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, together with the holders of all
  other outstanding series of


LAW2:7499                                                              -9-
<PAGE>   10
  the Preferred Stock in respect of which such a default in payment of dividends
  as described hereinabove exists and is entitled to vote thereon, voting as a
  single class without regard to series, will be entitled to elect two directors
  of the expanded Board of Directors.  Such entitlement shall continue until
  such time as all dividends in arrears on all of the Series A Preferred Stock
  at the time outstanding have been paid or declared and set aside for payment,
  whereupon such voting rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
  shall cease (and, unless holders of shares of other series of Preferred Stock
  shall still have the right to elect such directors, the respective terms of
  the two additional directors shall thereupon expire and the number of
  directors constituting the full board be decreased by two) subject to being
  again revived from time to time upon the reoccurrence of the conditions
  described in this paragraph (3)(c) as giving rise thereto.

   At any time when the rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock to elect
  two additional directors shall have so vested, the Company shall, upon the
  written request of the holders of record of not less than 10% of the Series A
  Preferred Stock then outstanding (or 10% of all of the shares of Preferred
  Stock having the right to vote for such directors in case holders of shares of
  other series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect directors
  in such circumstances), call a special meeting of holders of the Series A
  Preferred Stock (and other series of Preferred Stock, if applicable) for the
  election of directors.  In the case of a written request, the special meeting
  shall be held within 60 days after the delivery of the request, upon the
  notice provided by law and in the By-laws of the Company; except that the
  Company shall not be required to call such a special meeting if the request is
  received less than 120 days before the date fixed for the next ensuing annual
  meeting of shareholders of the Company.

   Whenever the number of directors of the Company shall have been increased by
  two as provided in this paragraph (3)(c), the number as so increased may
  thereafter be further increased or decreased in such manner as may be
  permitted by the By-laws and without the vote of the holders of Series A
  Preferred Stock.  No such action shall impair the right of the holders of
  Series A Preferred Stock to elect and to be represented by two directors as
  provided in this paragraph (3)(c).

   The two directors elected as provided in this paragraph (3)(c) shall serve
  until the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company and until their
  respective successors shall be elected and qualified or the earlier
  expiration of their terms as provided in this paragraph (3)(c).  No such
  director may be removed without the vote of holders of a majority of shares
  of Series A Preferred Stock (or holders of a majority of shares of Preferred
  Stock


LAW2:7499                                                             -10-
<PAGE>   11
  having the right to vote in the election of such director in case holders of
  shares of other series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect
  such director).  If, prior to the expiration of the term of any such
  director, a vacancy in the office of such director shall occur, such vacancy
  shall, until the expiration of such term, in each case be filled by the
  remaining director elected as provided in this paragraph (3)(c) or, if none
  remains in office, by vote of the holders of record of a majority of the
  outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or holders of a majority of
  shares of Preferred Stock who are then entitled to participate in the
  election of such directors in case holders of shares of other series of
  Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect such director).

   (d)  Except as otherwise required by the Articles of Incorporation or
  By-laws or set forth in this paragraph 3 or in paragraph 13 or as otherwise
  provided by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no other
  special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the
  extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth
  herein) for the taking of any corporate action.

   4.  CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS.
   (a)  Whenever Preferential Dividends or Dividends are in arrears or the
Company shall be in default of payment thereof, thereafter and until all accrued
and unpaid Preferential Dividends and Dividends, whether or not declared, on
shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid or set
irrevocably aside for payment in full, and in addition to any and all other
rights which any holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock may have in such
circumstances, the Company shall not:

   (i)  declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem
  or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration, any shares of stock
  ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
  winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

   (ii)  declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any
  shares of stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series A
  Preferred Stock, unless dividends are paid ratably on the Series A Preferred
  Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears
  in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are
  then entitled if the full dividends accrued thereon were to be paid;

   (iii)  except as permitted by subparagraph (iv) of this paragraph 4(a),
  redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock
  ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
  or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that the Company
  may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such
  parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Company ranking junior
  (both as


LAW2:7499                                                             -11-
<PAGE>   12
  to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A
  Preferred Stock; or

   (iv)  purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series A
  Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series A
  Preferred Stock (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
  winding up), except as permitted by subparagraph (iii) of this paragraph 4(a)
  or in accordance with a purchase offer made to all holders of such shares upon
  such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective
  annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the
  respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in
  fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

   (b)  The Company shall not permit any Subsidiary (as hereinafter defined) of
the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Company unless the Company could, under subparagraph (a) of this
paragraph 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such
manner.  A "Subsidiary" of the Company shall mean any corporation or other
entity of which securities or other ownership interests entitled to cast at
least a majority of the votes that would be entitled to be cast in an election
of the board of directors of such corporation or other entity or other persons
performing similar functions are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by
the Company or by any corporation or other entity that is otherwise controlled
by the Company.

   (c)  The Company shall not issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock
except upon exercise of Rights issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, a copy
of which is on file with the Secretary of the Company at its principal executive
office and shall be made available to shareholders of record without charge upon
written request therefor addressed to said Secretary.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing sentence, nothing contained in the provisions of this Article FIFTH
(E) shall prohibit or restrict the Company from issuing for any purpose any
series of Preferred Stock with rights and privileges similar to, different from,
or greater than, those of the Series A Preferred Stock or, subject to the
limitations set forth in paragraph 13, from creating other securities senior to,
junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock.

   5.  REACQUIRED SHARES.  Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock purchased or
otherwise acquired by the Company in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and
cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof.  All such shares upon their
retirement and cancellation shall become authorized but unissued shares of
Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and such shares may be
redesignated and reissued as part of any series of the Preferred Stock.


LAW2:7499                                                             -12-
<PAGE>   13
   6.  LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING UP; FAIR VALUE FOR PURPOSES OF
PENNSYLVANIA ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTE.
   (a)  Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company, no distribution shall be made (i) to the holders of shares of
stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock unless the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have received out of the assets of
the Company available for distribution to its shareholders after payment or
provision for payment of any securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred
Stock, for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment as
hereinafter provided, (A) $100.00 plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid
dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of
such payment or, (B) if greater than the amount specified in clause (i)(A) of
this sentence, an amount equal to 100 times the aggregate amount to be
distributed per share to holders of Common Stock, as the same may be adjusted as
hereinafter provided, and (ii) to the holders of stock ranking on a parity upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up with the Series A Preferred Stock, unless
simultaneously therewith distributions are made ratably on the Series A
Preferred Stock and all other shares of such parity stock in proportion to the
total amounts to which the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
entitled under clause (i)(A) of this sentence and to which the holders of such
parity shares are entitled, in each case upon such liquidation, dissolution or
winding up.  The amount to which holders of Series A Preferred Stock may be
entitled upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company pursuant to
clause (i)(B) of the foregoing sentence is hereinafter referred to as the
"Participating Liquidation Amount" and the multiple of the amount to be
distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock upon the liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company applicable pursuant to said clause to
the determination of the Participating Liquidation Amount, as said multiple may
be adjusted from time to time as hereinafter provided, is hereinafter referred
to as the "Liquidation Multiple." In the event the Company shall at any time
after January 9, 1996 declare or pay any dividend on Common Stock payable in
shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or split or a combination,
consolidation or reverse split of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then, in each such case, the
Liquidation Multiple thereafter applicable to the determination of the
Participating Liquidation Amount to which holders of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled after such event shall be the Liquidation Multiple applicable
immediately prior to such event multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which
is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.  Except as provided in this
paragraph 6(a), holders of


LAW2:7499                                                             -13-
<PAGE>   14
Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any distribution in the event
of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.

   (b) For the purposes of this paragraph 6, none of the following shall be
deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company:

   (i)  the voluntary sale, conveyance, lease, exchange or transfer (for cash,
  shares of stock, securities or other consideration) of all or substantially
  all of the property or assets of the Company;

   (ii)  the consolidation or merger of the Company with or into one or more
  other corporations or other associations;

   (iii)  the consolidation or merger of one or more corporations or other
  associations with or into the Company;

   (iv)  the participation by the Company in a share exchange;

   (v)  the division of the Company pursuant to sections 1951 through 1957 of
  the Pennsylvania BCL;

   (vi)  the conversion of the Company pursuant to sections 1961 through 1966 of
  the Pennsylvania BCL;

   (c)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article FIFTH (E), in
case any Controlling Person or Group (as defined from time to time in Section
2543 of the Pennsylvania BCL) shall be required to purchase any shares of Series
A Preferred Stock pursuant to Sections 2541 through 2548 of the Pennsylvania
BCL, as in effect from time to time, the amount that is determined to represent
the "fair value" (as that term is used in such Section 2542 of the Pennsylvania
BCL) of such shares shall be an amount per share equal to the Liquidation
Multiple then in effect times the aggregate amount per share that such
Controlling Person or Group is required to pay to purchase any share of Common
Stock pursuant to such Sections 2541 through 2548 of the Pennsylvania BCL.

   7.  CERTAIN RECLASSIFICATIONS AND OTHER EVENTS.
   (a)  In the event that holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company
receive after January 9, 1996 in respect of their shares of Common Stock any
share of capital stock of the Company (other than any share of Common Stock of
the Company), whether by way of reclassification, recapitalization,
reorganization, dividend or other distribution or otherwise (a "Transaction"),
then, and in each such event, the dividend rights, voting rights and rights upon
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted so that after such event the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled, in respect of each share of
Series A Preferred Stock held, in addition to such rights in respect thereof to
which such holder was entitled immediately prior to such adjustment, to (i) such
additional dividends as equal the Dividend Multiple in effect immediately prior
to such Transaction multiplied by the additional dividends which the holder of a
share of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive by virtue of the receipt in
the Transaction of such capital stock,


LAW2:7499                                                             -14-
<PAGE>   15
(ii) such additional voting rights as equal the Vote Multiple in effect
immediately prior to such Transaction multiplied by the additional voting
rights to which the holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled by
virtue of the receipt in the Transaction of such capital stock and (iii) such
additional distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company as equal the Liquidation Multiple in effect immediately prior to such
Transaction multiplied by the additional amount which the holder of a share of
Common Stock shall be entitled to receive upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company by virtue of the receipt in the Transaction of such
capital stock, as the case may be, all as provided by the terms of such capital
stock.

   (b)  In the event that holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company
receive after January 9, 1996 in respect of their shares of Common Stock any
right or warrant to purchase Common Stock (including as such a right, for all
purposes of this paragraph 7(b), any security convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock) at a purchase price per share less than the Fair Market Value
of a share of Common Stock on the date of issuance of such right or warrant,
then and in each such event the dividend rights, voting rights and rights upon
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall each be adjusted so that after such event the
Dividend Multiple, the Vote Multiple and the Liquidation Multiple shall each be
the product of the Dividend Multiple, the Vote Multiple and the Liquidation
Multiple, as the case may be, in effect immediately prior to such event
multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately before such issuance of rights or warrants
plus the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which could be acquired upon
exercise in full of all such rights or warrants and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before
such issuance of rights or warrants plus the number of shares of Common Stock
which could be purchased, at the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the
time of such issuance, by the maximum aggregate consideration payable upon
exercise in full of all such rights or warrants.

   (c)  In the event that holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company
receive after January 9, 1996 in respect of their shares of Common Stock any
right or warrant to purchase capital stock of the Company (other than shares of
Common Stock), including as such a right, for all purposes of this paragraph
7(c), any security convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock of the
Company (other than Common Stock), at a purchase price per share less than the
Fair Market Value of a share of such capital stock on the date of issuance of
such right or warrant, then and in each such event the dividend rights, voting
rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall each be adjusted so that after such
event each holder of a share of


LAW2:7499                                                             -15-
<PAGE>   16
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled, in respect of each share of Series
A Preferred Stock held, in addition to such rights in respect thereof to which
such holder was entitled immediately prior to such event, to receive (i) such
additional dividends as equal the Dividend Multiple in effect immediately prior
to such event multiplied, first, by the additional dividends to which the
holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled upon exercise of such right
or warrant by virtue of the capital stock which could be acquired upon such
exercise, and multiplied again by the Discount Fraction (as hereinafter
defined), (ii) such additional voting rights as equal the Vote Multiple in
effect immediately prior to such event multiplied, first, by the additional
voting rights to which the holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled
upon exercise of such right or warrant by virtue of the capital stock which
could be acquired upon such exercise, and multiplied again by the Discount
Fraction and (iii) such additional distributions upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company as equal the Liquidation Multiple in effect
immediately prior to such event multiplied, first, by the additional amount
which the holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company upon exercise of such
right or warrant by virtue of the capital stock which could be acquired upon
such exercise, and multiplied again by the Discount Fraction.  For purposes of
this paragraph, the "Discount Fraction" shall be a fraction the numerator of
which shall be the difference between the Fair Market Value of a share of the
capital stock subject to a right or warrant distributed to holders of shares of
Common Stock of the Company as contemplated by this paragraph 7(c) immediately
after the distribution thereof and the purchase price per share for such share
of capital stock pursuant to such right or warrant and the denominator of which
shall be the Fair Market Value of a share of such capital stock immediately
after the distribution of such right or warrant.

   (d)  For purposes of this Article FIFTH (E), the "Fair Market Value" of a
share of capital stock of the Company  (including a share of Common Stock) on
any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing price per share
thereof over the 30 consecutive Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter
defined) immediately prior to such date;  provided, however, that in the event
that such Fair Market Value of any such share of capital stock is determined
during a period which includes any date that is within 30 Trading Days after (i)
the ex-dividend date for a dividend or distribution on stock payable in shares
of such stock or securities convertible into shares of such stock, or (ii) the
effective date of any subdivision, split, combination, consolidation, reverse
stock split or reclassification of such stock or division of the Company
pursuant to Sections 1951 through 1957 of the Pennsylvania BCL, then, and in
each such case, the Fair Market Value shall be appropriately adjusted by the
Board of Directors of the Company


LAW2:7499                                                             -16-
<PAGE>   17
to take into account ex-dividend or post-effective date trading.  The closing
price for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no
such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices, regular way (in either case, as reported in the applicable transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on
the New York Stock Exchange), or, if the shares are not listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the applicable
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal
national securities exchange on which the shares are listed or admitted to
trading or, if the shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any national
securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of
the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported
by The Nasdaq Stock Market or such other system then in use, or if on any such
date the shares are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the
closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making
a market in the shares selected by the Board of Directors of the Company.  The
term "Trading Day" shall mean a day on which the principal national securities
exchange on which the shares are listed or admitted to trading is open for the
transaction of business or, if the shares are not listed or admitted to trading
on any national securities exchange, on which the New York Stock Exchange or
such other national securities exchange as may be selected by the Board of
Directors of the Company is open.  If the shares are not publicly held or not
so listed or traded on any day within the period of 30 Trading Days applicable
to the determination of Fair Market Value thereof as aforesaid, "Fair Market
Value" shall mean the fair market value thereof per share as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.  In either case referred to in
the foregoing sentence, the determination of Fair Market Value shall be
described in a statement filed with the Secretary of the Company.

   8.  CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, ETC.  In case the Company shall enter into any
consolidation, merger, division, share exchange, combination, sale of all or
substantially all of the Company's assets, or other transaction in which the
shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged for or changed into the aggregate amount of stock,
securities, cash and/or other property (payable in like kind), as the case may
be, for which or into which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged
multiplied by the highest of the Vote Multiple, the Dividend Multiple or the
Liquidation Multiple in effect immediately prior to such event;  provided,
however, no fractional share or scrip representing fractional shares of any
other stock or securities shall be issued.  Instead of any fractional interest
in a share of such other stock or securities which would otherwise be


LAW2:7499                                                             -17-
<PAGE>   18
deliverable pursuant to this paragraph 8, the Company will pay to the holder
thereof an amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent) equal to the same
fraction of the Fair Market Value of a share of such other stock or security.

   9.  EFFECTIVE TIME OF ADJUSTMENTS.
   (a)  Adjustments to the Series A Preferred Stock required by the provisions
hereof shall be effective as of the time at which the event requiring such
adjustments occurs.

   (b)  The Company shall give prompt written notice to each holder of a share
of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock of the effect of any adjustment to the
voting rights, dividend rights or rights upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company of such shares required by the provisions hereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the failure of the Company to give such
notice shall not affect the validity of or the force or effect of or the
requirement for such adjustment.

   10.  NO REDEMPTION.  The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be
redeemable at the option of the Company or any holder thereof. Notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence of this paragraph, the Company may acquire shares of
Series A Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law, the provisions
hereof and the Restated Articles of Incorporation.

   11.  RANKING.  The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Common
Stock and, unless otherwise provided in a Statement with Respect to Shares or an
amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation relating to the
determination of a subsequent series of preferred stock of the Company, the
Series A Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of the Company's
preferred stock, including the Series C Conversion Preferred Stock, as to the
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution
or winding up.

   12.  LIMITATIONS.  Except as may otherwise be required by law, the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any powers, preferences or relative,
participating, optional or other special rights other than those specifically
set forth in this Article FIFTH (E) (as such may be amended from time to time)
or otherwise in the Restated Articles of Incorporation.

   13.  AMENDMENT.  So long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not amend this Article FIFTH (E) or the Restated
Articles of Incorporation in any manner which would alter or change the rights,
preferences or limitations of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect such
rights, preferences or limitations in any material respect prejudicial to the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock without, in addition to any other vote
of shareholders required by law, the affirmative vote of the holders of
two-thirds or more of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class; provided, however, that the creation of another
series of the Preferred Stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the Series A
Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets or
liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall not be deemed to be prejudicial


LAW2:7499                                                             -18-
<PAGE>   19
to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock for the purposes of this
paragraph 13.

   F.  1.  DESIGNATION AND AMOUNT.  The shares of this series shall be
designated as "Series C Conversion Preferred Stock" (the "Series C Preferred
Stock") consisting of 3,795,000 shares.

   2.  RANK.  The Series C Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividend
rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up, rank prior to
the Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Common Stock"), and the Series
A Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Series A
Preferred Stock"), of the Company.  All equity securities of the Company to
which the Series C Preferred Stock ranks prior, whether with respect to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including
the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock, are collectively referred to
herein as the "Junior Securities;" all equity securities of the Company with
which the Series C Preferred Stock ranks on a parity are collectively referred
to herein as the "Parity Securities;" and all equity securities of the Company
(other than convertible debt securities) to which the Series C Preferred Stock
ranks junior are collectively referred to herein as the "Senior Securities." The
Series C Preferred Stock shall be subject to the creation of Junior Securities,
Parity Securities and Senior Securities, subject to the limitations thereon
provided for in paragraphs (6)(c) and (6)(d).

   3.  DIVIDENDS.
   (a)  The holders of outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out
of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative preferential
cash dividends accruing at the per share rate of $3.25 per quarter and no more,
payable in arrears on the first day of each March, June, September and December,
respectively (each such date being hereinafter referred to as a "Dividend
Payment Date"), commencing on June 1, 1994.  If any Dividend Payment Date is not
a business day (as defined in paragraph (4)(h)(i)), then the Dividend Payment
Date shall be on the next succeeding day that is a business day.  Each such
dividend will be payable to holders of record as they appear on the stock books
of the Company on such record dates, not less than 10 nor more than 90 days
preceding the payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by the Board of
Directors, except that no such record date shall be declared for the final
dividend payable on June 1, 1997 and holders of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock will receive such final dividend only upon surrender of their share
certificates.  Dividends on a share of Series C Preferred Stock shall accrue
(whether or not the Company has earnings, whether or not there are funds legally
available for the payment of such dividends and whether or not such dividends
are declared) on a daily basis from the previous Dividend Payment Date, except
that the first dividend shall


LAW2:7499                                                             -19-
<PAGE>   20
accrue from the date of issuance of such share of Series C Preferred Stock.
Accrued and unpaid dividends shall not bear interest.  Dividends will cease to
accrue in respect of the Series C Preferred Stock on the Mandatory Conversion
Date (as defined in paragraph (4)(a)) or on the Settlement Date (as defined in
paragraph (4)(h)(v)), in the event of their earlier conversion pursuant  to
paragraph (4)(n), upon the effective date of such conversion, and will cease to
accrue on the date of their earlier redemption pursuant to paragraph (4)(c)
unless the Company shall default in delivering the shares of Common Stock and
cash, if any, payable by the Company upon such redemption.  Dividends (or cash
amounts equal to accrued and unpaid dividends) payable on the Series C
Preferred Stock for any period shorter than a quarterly dividend period shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months and, for
purposes of calculating the accrual of dividends, dividends will accrue to, but
not including, the date fixed for payment.

   (b)  Unless full cumulative dividends, if any, accrued on the Series C
Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared
and a sum set apart sufficient for such payment through the most recent Dividend
Payment Date (or the obligations of the Company with respect to the payment of
such dividends are satisfied as contemplated by paragraphs (4)(a), (b) or (c)),
then, whether or not the Mandatory Conversion Date has occurred, (i) no full
cash dividend shall be declared by the Board of Directors or paid or set apart
for payment by the Company or other distribution declared or made on any Parity
Securities, (ii) no dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment
or other distribution declared or made upon the Common Stock, the Series A
Preferred Stock or upon any other Junior Securities (other than a dividend or
distribution paid in shares of, or warrants, rights or options exercisable for
or convertible into, Common Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock or any other
Junior Securities) and (iii) no Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock or any
other Junior Securities shall be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for
any consideration, nor shall any moneys be paid to or made available for a
sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of any such series or class by the
Company, except by conversion into or in exchange for Junior Securities.  If any
dividends are not paid or set apart in full, as aforesaid, with respect to the
Series C Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities, all dividends declared with
respect to the Series C Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities shall be
declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share on the
Series C Preferred Stock and such Parity Securities shall in all cases bear to
each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series C
Preferred Stock and such Parity Securities bear to each other.  Holders of the
shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends,
whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of full cumulative
dividends as provided in paragraph (3)(a).


LAW2:7499                                                             -20-
<PAGE>   21
   (c)  Subject to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (3) and paragraph
(4)(d), the Board of Directors may declare and the Company may pay or set apart
for payment dividends and other distributions on any of the Junior Securities or
Parity Securities, and may redeem, purchase or otherwise retire any Junior
Securities or Parity Securities, and the holders of the shares of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein.

   (d)  Any dividend payment made on shares of the Series C Preferred Stock
shall first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividend due
with respect to shares of the Series C Preferred Stock.

   (e)  All dividends paid with respect to shares of the Series C Preferred
Stock pursuant to this paragraph (3) shall be paid pro rata to the holders
entitled thereto.

   (f)  Holders of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive the dividends provided for in this paragraph (3) in preference to and in
priority over any dividends upon any of the Junior Securities.

   4.  REDEMPTIONS OR CONVERSIONS.
   (a)  AUTOMATIC CONVERSION ON MANDATORY CONVERSION DATE.  Unless earlier
called for redemption by the Company or converted in accordance with the
provisions hereof, on June 1, 1997 (the "Mandatory Conversion Date"), each
outstanding share of the Series C Preferred Stock shall automatically convert
into:

   (i)  shares of Common Stock at the Common Equivalent Rate (determined as
  provided in paragraph (4)(d)) in effect on the Mandatory Conversion Date; and

   (ii)  the right to receive an amount in cash equal to all accrued and unpaid
  dividends on such share of Series C Preferred Stock to the Mandatory
  Conversion Date, whether or not declared, out of funds legally available for
  the payment of dividends (and dividends shall cease to accrue on such share as
  of the Mandatory Conversion Date).

   The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available, free from
preemptive rights, out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued Common
Stock and/or its Common Stock held in its treasury for the purpose of effecting
any conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, either pursuant to this
paragraph (4)(a) ("Mandatory Conversion") or pursuant to paragraphs (4)(b), (c)
or (n) the full number of shares of Common Stock then deliverable upon any
conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

   The right to receive an amount in cash equal to all accrued and unpaid
dividends on such shares of Series C Preferred Stock (the "Accrued Dividend
Amount") will occur upon Mandatory Conversion whether or not the Company has
earnings and whether or not such dividends are declared;  provided, however,
that to the extent that funds are not legally available for the payment of the
Accrued Dividend Amount upon Mandatory Conversion, the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall distribute
to such holders, on the fifth


LAW2:7499                                                             -21-
<PAGE>   22
business day next succeeding the Mandatory Conversion Date, in lieu of payment
in cash of the Accrued Dividend Amount, a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to 110% of the Accrued Dividend Amount divided by the Current Market
Price (as defined in paragraph (4)(d)(vii)) of the Common Stock determined as
of the second Trading Date (as defined in paragraph (4)(h)(vi)) prior to the
Mandatory Conversion Date, except that (i) no such distribution shall be made
by the Company if, prior to the date on which the Company is required to make
such distribution, the Company shall have made payment in full of the Accrued
Dividend Amount in cash and (ii) if the Company does not have a sufficient
number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and shares of Common
Stock held in its treasury not reserved for other corporate purposes to make
such distribution in full, the Company shall make such distribution to the
fullest extent possible, pro rata to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock
entitled thereto (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional
shares), and the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall thereafter have the
right to receive, and the Company shall pay to such holders as promptly as
possible, the remainder in cash or shares of Common Stock or a combination
thereof, on the same terms set forth in this paragraph (4)(a) for the payment
in cash of amounts equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and for the
distribution of shares of Common Stock in lieu of payment of such amounts in
cash.

   (b)  AUTOMATIC CONVERSION UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF CERTAIN EVENTS. Immediately
prior to the effectiveness of an amendment of the articles, merger,
consolidation, share exchange, division or conversion of the Company or similar
extraordinary transaction that results in the conversion or exchange of Common
Stock into, or the right of the holders thereof to receive, in lieu of or in
addition to their shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property
(whether of the Company or any other entity) (any such amendment, merger,
consolidation, share exchange, division or conversion or similar extraordinary
transaction being referred to herein as a "Fundamental Transaction") each
outstanding share of the Series C Preferred Stock shall automatically convert,
on the Settlement Date, as defined in paragraph (4)(h)(v) into:

   (A)  shares of Common Stock at the same rate as would have been the case if
  the Series C Preferred Stock had been called for redemption on the business
  day immediately preceding the Mandatory Conversion Date (with a Current Market
  Price determined as of the second Trading Date prior to the Settlement Date)
  but in no case greater than the Common Equivalent Rate; plus

   (B)  the right to receive an amount in cash equal to all accrued and unpaid
  dividends on such share of the Series C Preferred Stock to and including the
  Settlement Date, whether or not declared, out of funds legally available for
  the payment of dividends (and dividends shall cease to accrue on such share
  after the Settlement Date); plus


LAW2:7499                                                             -22-
<PAGE>   23
   (C)  the right to receive an amount of cash initially equal to $34.90,
  declining by $0.03056 on each day following the date of issuance of the Series
  C Preferred Stock (computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day
  months) to $0.00 on June 1, 1997, in each case determined with reference to
  the Settlement Date, out of funds legally available therefor.

   At the option of the Company, it may deliver on the Settlement Date in lieu
of some or all of the cash consideration described in clauses (B) and (C) above,
pro rata to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock entitled thereto, a number
of shares of Common Stock to be determined by dividing the amount of cash
consideration that the Company has elected to pay in Common Stock by the Current
Market Price (as defined in paragraph (4)(d)(vii)) of the Common Stock
determined, in the case of a Fundamental Transaction, as of the second Trading
Date prior to the Settlement Date.

   (c)  OPTIONAL REDEMPTION.  The Company shall have the right to call, in whole
or in part, the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock for
redemption on the business day immediately preceding the Mandatory Conversion
Date.  On the redemption date, the Company shall deliver to the holders thereof
in exchange for each such share called for redemption the greater of (i) a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Call Price (as defined in
paragraph (4)(h)(ii)) divided by the Current Market Price of the Common Stock
determined as of the second Trading Date immediately preceding the Notice Date
(as defined in paragraph 4(h)(iv)) and (ii) 8.85 shares of Common Stock (subject
to adjustment in the same manner as the Common Equivalent Rate, as described in
paragraph 4(d)).  Accrued and unpaid dividends on shares of Series C Preferred
Stock so redeemed will be paid in cash on the date fixed for their redemption,
whether or not declared, out of funds legally available for the payment of
dividends (and dividends shall cease to accrue on such share as of such date).
If fewer than all the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be
called for redemption, shares to be redeemed shall be selected by the Company
from outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock by lot or pro rata (as
nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by any other
method determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole
discretion to be equitable.

   (d)  COMMON EQUIVALENT RATE ADJUSTMENTS.  The Common Equivalent Rate to be
used to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered on the
conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant
to paragraphs (4)(a) or (b) shall be initially ten shares of Common Stock for
each share of Series C Preferred Stock;  provided, however, that such Common
Equivalent Rate shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided
below in this paragraph (4)(d).  All adjustments to the Common Equivalent Rate
shall be calculated to the nearest 1/100th of a share of Common Stock (or, if
there is not a nearest 1/100th of a share, to the next lower


LAW2:7499                                                             -23-
<PAGE>   24
1/100th of a share).  No adjustment will be required unless such adjustment
would require an increase or decrease of at least one percent therein;
provided, however, that any adjustments which, by reason of the foregoing, are
not required to be made will be carried forward and taken into account in any
subsequent adjustment.  Such rate in effect at any time is herein called the
"Common Equivalent Rate."

   (i)  If the Company shall:

      (A)  pay a dividend or make a distribution with respect to Common Stock in
   shares of Common Stock,

      (B)  subdivide or split its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
   greater number of shares,

      (C)  combine its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
   of shares, or

      (D)  issue by reclassification of its shares of Common Stock any shares of
   Common Stock of the Company other than in a Fundamental Transaction described
   in paragraph (4)(b),

then, in any such event, the Common Equivalent Rate in effect immediately prior
thereto shall be adjusted so that the holder of a share of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive on the conversion of such share of
the Series C Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock which such
holder would have owned or been entitled to receive after the happening of any
of the events described above had such share of the Series C Preferred Stock
been converted at the Common Equivalent Rate in effect immediately prior to
such event or any record date with respect thereto.  Such adjustment shall
become effective at the opening of business on the business date next following
the record date for determination of shareholders entitled to receive such
dividend or distribution in the case of a dividend or distribution, and shall
become effective immediately after the effective date in case of a subdivision,
split, combination or reclassification; and any shares of Common Stock issuable
in payment of a dividend shall be deemed to have been issued immediately prior
to the close of business on the record date for such dividend for purposes of
calculating the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock under clauses (ii)
and (iii) below.  Such adjustments shall be made successively.

   (ii)  If the Company shall, after the date hereof, issue rights or warrants
to all holders of its Common Stock entitling them (for a period not exceeding 45
days from the date of such issuance) to subscribe for or purchase shares of
Common Stock at a price per share less than the Current Market Price of the
Common Stock (determined pursuant to paragraph (4)(d)(vii)) on the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such rights or
warrants, then in each case the Common Equivalent Rate shall be adjusted by
multiplying the Common Equivalent Rate in effect immediately prior to the date
of issuance of such rights or warrants by a fraction, of which the numerator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the date of
issuance of such rights or warrants,


LAW2:7499                                                             -24-
<PAGE>   25
immediately prior to such issuance, plus the number of additional shares of
Common Stock offered for subscription or purchase pursuant to such rights or
warrants, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding on the date of issuance of such rights or warrants,
immediately prior to such issuance, plus the number of shares of Common Stock
which the aggregate offering price of the total number of shares of Common
Stock so offered for subscription or purchase pursuant to such rights or
warrants would purchase at such Current Market Price (determined by multiplying
such total number of shares by the exercise price of such rights or warrants
and dividing the product so obtained by such Current Market Price).  Such
adjustment shall become effective at the opening of business on the business
day next following the record date for the determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such rights or warrants.  To the extent that shares of
Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights or warrants,
the Common Equivalent Rate shall be readjusted to the Common Equivalent Rate
which would then be in effect had the adjustments made upon the issuance of
such rights or warrants been made upon the basis of delivery of only the number
of shares of Common Stock actually delivered.  Such adjustments shall be made
successively.

   (iii)  If the Company shall pay a dividend or make a distribution to all
holders of its Common Stock of evidence of its indebtedness or other assets
(including shares of capital stock of the Company (other than Common Stock) but
excluding any distributions and dividends referred to in clause (i) above or any
cash dividends), or shall issue to all holders of its Common Stock rights or
warrants to subscribe for or purchase any of its securities (other than those
referred to in clause (ii) above), then in each such case, the Common Equivalent
Rate shall be adjusted by multiplying the Common Equivalent Rate in effect on
the record date mentioned below by a fraction, of which the numerator shall be
the Current Market Price of the Common Stock (determined pursuant to paragraph
(4)(d)(vii)) on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution, and of which the denominator shall be
such Current Market Price per share of Common Stock less the fair value (as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall
be conclusive) as of such record date of the portion of the assets or evidences
of indebtedness so distributed, or of such subscription rights or warrants,
applicable to one share of Common Stock.  Such adjustment shall become effective
on the opening of business on the business day next following the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or
distribution.

   (iv)  In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise, at any time
distribute to all holders of its Common Stock cash (excluding (a) any cash
dividends on the Common Stock to the extent that the aggregate cash dividends
per share of Common Stock in any consecutive 12-month period do not exceed the


LAW2:7499                                                             -25-
<PAGE>   26
greater of (x) the amount per share of Common Stock of the cash dividends paid
on the Common Stock in the next preceding 12-month period, to the extent that
such dividends for the preceding 12-month period did not require an adjustment
to the Common Equivalent Rate pursuant to this paragraph (as adjusted to
reflect subdivisions or combinations of the Common Stock) and (y) 15 percent of
the average daily Closing Prices (as defined in paragraph (4)(h)(iii)) of the
Common Stock for the ten consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to the date
of declaration of such distribution and (b) any dividend or distribution in
connection with the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary), then, in each such case, unless the Company
elects to reserve such an amount of cash for distribution to the holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock so that any such shares will receive upon conversion,
in addition to the shares of the Common Stock to which such holder is entitled,
the amount of cash (to the extent not excluded as provided above) which such
holder would have received if such holder had, immediately prior to the record
date for such distribution of cash, converted its shares of Series C Preferred
Stock into Common Stock, the Common Equivalent Rate shall be increased so that
the same shall equal the rate determined by multiplying the Common Equivalent
Rate in effect at the close of business on such record date by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the Closing Price of the Common Stock on such
record date and the denominator shall be the Closing Price of the Common Stock
less the amount of cash so distributed (to the extent not excluded as provided
above) applicable to one share of Common Stock, such increase to become
effective immediately prior to the opening of business on the day following
such record date;  provided, however, that in the event the portion of the cash
so distributed applicable to one share of Common Stock is equal to or greater
than the Closing Price of the Common Stock on such record date, in lieu of the
foregoing adjustment, adequate provision shall be made so that each holder of
shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall thereafter have the right to receive
upon conversion the amount of cash (to the extent not excluded as provided
above) such holder would have received had such holder converted each share of
Series C Preferred Stock on such record date.  If any adjustment is required to
be made as set forth in this paragraph (4)(d)(iv) as a result of a distribution
which is a dividend described in subclause (a) of this paragraph, such
adjustment shall be based upon the amount by which such distribution exceeds
the amount of the dividend permitted to be excluded pursuant to such subclause
(a) of this paragraph.  If an adjustment is required to be made pursuant to
this paragraph as a result of a distribution which is not such a dividend, such
adjustment shall be based upon the full amount of such distribution.

   (v)  In case of the consummation of a tender or exchange offer (other than an
odd-lot tender offer) made by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company for
all or any portion of the


LAW2:7499                                                             -26-
<PAGE>   27
Common Stock to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration
included in such payment per share of Common Stock exceeds 110% of the first
reported sales price per share of Common Stock on the Trading Day next
succeeding the Expiration Time (as defined below), the Common Equivalent Rate
shall be increased so that the same shall equal the rate determined by
multiplying the Common Equivalent Rate in effect immediately prior to the last
time tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer
(the "Expiration Time") by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (including any tendered or
exchanged shares) on the Expiration Time multiplied by the first reported sales
price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration
Time, and the numerator shall be the sum of (A) the fair market value
(determined by the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be conclusive
and described in a resolution of the Board of Directors) of the aggregate
consideration payable to shareholders based on the acceptance (up to any
maximum specified in the terms of the tender or exchange offer) of all shares
validly tendered or exchanged and not withdrawn as of the Expiration Time (the
shares deemed so accepted, up to any such maximum, being referred to as the
"Purchased Shares") and (B) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding (less any Purchased Shares) on the Expiration Time and the first
reported sales price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day next succeeding the
Expiration Time, such reduction to become effective immediately prior to the
opening of business on the day following the Expiration Time.

   (vi)  Anything in this paragraph (4) notwithstanding, the Company shall be
entitled to make such upward adjustments in the Common Equivalent Rate, in
addition to those required by this paragraph (4), as the Company in its sole
discretion may determine to be advisable, in order that any stock dividends,
subdivisions of shares, distributions of rights to purchase stock or securities,
or distributions of securities convertible into or exchangeable for stock (or
any transaction which could be treated as any of the foregoing transactions
pursuant to Section 305 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended)
hereafter made by the Company to its shareholders shall not be taxable.  If the
Company determines that an adjustment to the Common Equivalent Rate should be
made, an adjustment shall be made effective as of such date as is determined by
the Board of Directors of the Company.  The determination of the Board of
Directors of the Company as to whether an adjustment to the Common Equivalent
Rate should be made pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph
(4)(d)(vi), and, if so, as to what adjustment should be made and when, shall be
conclusive, final and binding on the Company and all shareholders of the
Company.

   (vii)  As used in this paragraph (4), the "Current Market Price" of the
Common Stock on any date shall be the average of the daily Closing Prices (as
defined in paragraph (4)(h)(iii)) for the five consecutive Trading Dates ending
on and


LAW2:7499                                                             -27-
<PAGE>   28
including the date of determination of the Current Market Price;  provided,
however, that if the Closing Price for the Trading Date next following such
five-day period (the "next-day closing price") is less than 95% of such
average, then the Current Market Price per share of Common Stock on such date
of determination shall be the next-day Closing Price;  and provided, further,
that, if any event that results in an adjustment of the Common Equivalent Rate
occurs during such five-day period or, for the purposes of calculating the
Current Market Price in connection with any redemption or conversion of Series
C Preferred Stock or any determination of an amount in cash payable in lieu of
a fraction of a share of Common Stock, if any event that results in an
adjustment of the Common Equivalent Rate occurs during the period beginning on
the first day of such five-day period and ending on the applicable redemption
or conversion date, the Current Market Price as determined pursuant to the
foregoing will be appropriately adjusted to reflect the occurrence of such
event.

   (viii)  In any case in which paragraph (4)(d) shall require that an
adjustment as a result of any event become effective at the opening of business
on the business day next following a record date and the date fixed for
conversion or redemption pursuant to paragraphs (4)(a), (b), (c) or (n) occurs
after such record date, but before the occurrence of such event the Company may
in its sole discretion elect to defer the following until after the occurrence
of such event:  (A) issuing to the holder of any converted or redeemed shares of
the Series C Preferred Stock the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion or redemption before giving effect to such adjustment and (B)
paying to such holder any amount in cash in lieu of a fractional share of Common
Stock pursuant to paragraph (4)(f).

   (e)  NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENTS.  Whenever the Common Equivalent Rate or Optional
Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall:

   (i)  forthwith compute the adjusted Common Equivalent Rate and the adjusted
  Optional Conversion Rate (as defined in paragraph 4(n)) in accordance with
  this paragraph (4) and prepare a certificate signed by the Chief Financial
  Officer, any Vice President, the Treasurer or Controller of the Company
  setting forth the adjusted Common Equivalent Rate, the adjusted Optional
  Conversion Rate, the method of calculation thereof in reasonable detail and
  the facts requiring such adjustment and upon which such adjustment is based,
  which certificate shall be conclusive, final and binding evidence of the
  correctness of the adjustment, and file such certificate forthwith with the
  transfer agent or agents for the Series C Preferred Stock and the Common
  Stock; and

   (ii)  mail a notice stating that the Common Equivalent Rate and the Optional
  Conversion Rate have been adjusted, the facts requiring such adjustment and
  the facts upon which


LAW2:7499                                                             -28-
<PAGE>   29
  such adjustment is based and setting forth the adjusted Common Equivalent Rate
  and the adjusted Optional Conversion Rate to the holder of record of the
  outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock at or prior to the time the
  Company mails an interim statement to its shareholders covering the fiscal
  quarter during which the facts requiring such adjustment occurred, but in any
  event within 45 days of the end of such fiscal quarter.

   (f)  NO FRACTIONAL SHARES.  No fractional share or scrip representing
fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the redemption or
conversion of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock.  Instead of any fractional
interest in a share of Common Stock which would otherwise be deliverable upon
the redemption or conversion of a share of Series C Preferred Stock, the Company
shall pay to the holder of such share an amount in cash (computed to the nearest
cent) equal to the same fraction of the (i) Current Market Price of the Common
Stock determined as of the second Trading Date immediately preceding the Notice
Date, in the case of redemption pursuant to paragraph 4(c), (ii) Closing Price
(as defined in paragraph 4(h)(iii) of the Common Stock determined (A) as of the
fifth Trading Date immediately preceding the Mandatory Conversion Date, in the
case of a Mandatory Conversion, or (B) as of the second Trading Date immediately
preceding the date of conversion in the case of any optional conversion pursuant
to paragraph 4(n), or (iii) the Settlement Date, in the case of a Fundamental
Transaction.  If more than one share shall be surrendered for conversion at one
time by the same holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of
shares of Series C Preferred Stock so surrendered.

   (g)  CANCELLATION.  Shares of Series C Preferred Stock that have been issued
and reacquired in any manner, including shares purchased, exchanged, redeemed or
converted, shall not be reissued as part of the Series C Preferred Stock and
shall (upon compliance with any applicable provisions of the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania) have the status of authorized and unissued shares
of the class of Preferred Stock undesignated as to series and may be
redesignated and reissued as part of any series of the Preferred Stock.

   (h)  Definitions.  As used in this paragraph (4):

   (i)  the term "business day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday
  or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or the
  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are authorized or obligated by law or executive
  order to close or are closed because of a banking moratorium or otherwise;

   (ii)  the term "Call Price" shall mean $131.25 per share;

   (iii)  the term "Closing Price" on any day shall mean the closing sale price
  regular way on such day or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the
  reported closing


LAW2:7499                                                             -29-
<PAGE>   30
  bid price regular way, in each case on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the
  Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on such Exchange, then on
  the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed
  or admitted to trading (which shall be the national securities exchange on
  which the greatest number of shares of Common Stock has been traded during the
  five consecutive Trading Dates ending on and including the date of
  determination of the Current Market Price), or, if not quoted or listed or
  admitted to trading on any national securities exchange or quotation system,
  the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the over-the-counter market on
  the day in question as reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated,
  or a similarly generally accepted reporting service, or if not so available as
  determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, on the basis of such
  relevant factors as it in good faith considers, in the reasonable judgement of
  the Board of Directors, appropriate;

   (iv)  the term "Notice Date" with respect to any notice given by the Company
  in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock shall be the earlier of the
  public announcement with respect to any matter or the commencement of the
  mailing of such notice to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock in
  accordance with paragraph (4)(i);

   (v)  the term "Settlement Date" shall mean the business day immediately prior
  to the effective date of a Fundamental Transaction;

   (vi)  the term "Trading Date" shall mean a date on which the New York Stock
  Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for the transaction of business.

   (i)  NOTICE OF REDEMPTION OR AUTOMATIC CONVERSION.  The Company will provide
notice of any redemption or automatic conversion (including any potential
conversion upon the effectiveness of a Fundamental Transaction but excluding any
conversion pursuant to paragraphs (4)(a) or (n)) of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock to holders of record of the Series C Preferred Stock to be called or
converted not less than 15 nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for
such redemption or conversion, as the case may be;  provided, however, that if
the timing of a Fundamental Transaction makes it impracticable to provide at
least 15 days notice, the Company shall provide such notice as soon as is
practicable.  Such notice shall be provided by mailing notice of such redemption
or conversion first class postage prepaid, to each holder of record of the
Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed or converted, at such holder's address
as it appears on the stock register of the Company;  provided, however, that no
failure to give such notice nor any defect therein shall affect the validity of
the proceeding for the redemption or conversion of any shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be redeemed or converted, except as to the holder to whom the
Company has failed to give such notice or whose notice


LAW2:7499                                                             -30-
<PAGE>   31
was defective.  Each such notice shall state, as appropriate, the following:

   (i)  the redemption or automatic conversion date;

   (ii)  that all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be
  redeemed or converted or, in the case of a call for redemption pursuant to
  paragraph (4)(c) of fewer than all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
  Stock, the number of such shares held by such holder to be redeemed;

   (iii)  in the case of a call for redemption pursuant to paragraph (4)(c), the
  Call Price, the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon redemption
  of each share of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if applicable,
  the Current Market Price used to calculate such number of shares of Common
  Stock subject to any subsequent adjustments pursuant to paragraph (4)(d);

   (iv)  whether the Company is delivering shares of Common Stock in lieu of
  cash (in the case of a conversion pursuant to paragraphs (4)(a) or (4)(b)),
  the Current Market Price to be used to calculate the number of such shares of
  Common Stock and, if the Company is delivering shares in respect of less than
  all the cash that would otherwise be deliverable by the Company upon such
  conversion, the portion of such cash in lieu of which Common Stock will be
  delivered;

   (v)  the place or places where certificates for such shares are to be
  surrendered for redemption or conversion; and

   (vi)  that dividends on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed
  or converted will cease to accrue on such redemption or automatic conversion
  date or, in the case of a conversion pursuant to paragraph (4)(b), on the
  related Settlement Date, unless, in the case of a redemption pursuant to
  paragraph (4)(c), the Company shall default in delivering the shares of Common
  Stock and cash, if any, payable by the Company at the time and place specified
  in such notice.

   (j)  DEPOSIT OF SHARES AND FUNDS.  The Company's obligation to deliver shares
of Common Stock and provide funds in accordance with this paragraph (4) shall be
deemed fulfilled if, on or before a redemption or conversion date or Settlement
Date, the Company shall deposit, with a bank or trust company, or an affiliate
of a bank or trust company, having an office or agency in New York city and
having a capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, such number of shares of
Common Stock as are required to be delivered by the Company pursuant to this
paragraph (4) upon the occurrence of the related redemption or conversion
(including any payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional share
amounts pursuant to paragraph (4)(f)), together with funds (or, in the case of a
conversion pursuant to paragraphs (4)(a) or (4)(b), shares of Common Stock
and/or funds) sufficient to pay all accrued and unpaid dividends on the shares
to be redeemed or converted as required by this paragraph (4), in trust for the
account of the holders of the shares to be redeemed


LAW2:7499                                                             -31-
<PAGE>   32
or converted (and so as to be and continue to be available thereto), with
irrevocable instructions and authority to such bank or trust company that such
shares and funds be delivered upon redemption or conversion of the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption or converted.  Any interest
accrued on such funds shall be paid to the Company from time to time.  Any
shares of Common Stock or funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end of two
years from such redemption or conversion date shall be repaid and released to
the Company, after which the holder or holders of such shares of Series C
Preferred Stock so called for redemption or converted shall look only to the
Company for delivery of such shares of Common Stock or funds.

   (k)  SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES; STATUS.  Each holder of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be redeemed or converted shall surrender the certificates
evidencing such shares (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, unless any
notice shall state otherwise) to the Company at the place designated in the
notice of such redemption or conversion and shall thereupon be entitled to
receive certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock and to receive any funds
payable pursuant to this paragraph (4) following such surrender and following
the date of such redemption or conversion.  In case fewer than all the shares
represented by any such surrendered certificate are called for redemption, a new
certificate shall be issued at the expense of the Company representing the
unredeemed shares.  If such notice of redemption or conversion shall have been
given, and if on the date fixed for redemption or conversion (or on the
Mandatory Conversion Date) shares of Common Stock and funds necessary for the
redemption or conversion shall have been either set aside by the Company
separate and apart from its other funds or assets in trust for the account of
the holders of the shares to be redeemed or converted (and so as to be and
continue to be available therefor) or deposited with a bank or trust company or
affiliate thereof as provided in paragraph (4)(j), or the circumstances
described in clause (ii) to the proviso appearing in the third full paragraph of
paragraph (4)(a) are in effect, then, notwithstanding that the certificates
evidencing any shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption or
subject to conversion shall not have been surrendered, the shares represented
thereby so called for redemption or subject to conversion shall be deemed no
longer outstanding, dividends with respect to the shares so called for
redemption or subject to conversion shall cease to accrue after the date fixed
for redemption or conversion or, in the case of a conversion pursuant to
paragraph (4)(b), on the related Settlement Date, and all rights with respect to
the shares so called for redemption or subject to conversion shall forthwith
after such date cease and terminate, except for the right of the holders to
receive the shares of Common Stock and funds, if any, payable pursuant to this
paragraph (4) without interest upon surrender of their certificates therefor.


LAW2:7499                                                             -32-
<PAGE>   33
   (l)  DIVIDEND PAYMENTS.  Holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the
close of business on a record date for any payment of declared dividends will be
entitled to receive the dividend payable on such shares of Series C Preferred
Stock on the corresponding Dividend Payment Date notwithstanding the optional
conversion of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock following such record date
and before such Dividend Payment Date. However, shares of Series C Preferred
Stock surrendered for optional conversion pursuant to paragraph 4(n) after the
close of business on a record date for any payment of declared dividends and
before the opening of business on the next succeeding Dividend Payment Date must
be accompanied by payment in cash of an amount equal to the dividend
attributable to the current quarterly dividend period payable on such date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of Series C Preferred Stock who convert
pursuant to paragraph 4(n) their Series C Preferred Stock at any time after such
Series C Preferred Stock have been called for redemption, will be entitled to
receive, in addition to shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion, cash
payment of dividends accrued and unpaid to the date of such conversion.  Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, upon any optional conversion pursuant to
paragraph 4(n) of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the Company will make no
payment of or allowance for accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not in
arrears, on such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or for previously declared
dividends or distributions on the shares of Common Stock issued upon such
conversion.

   (m)  PAYMENT OF TAXES.  The Company will pay any and all documentary, stamp
or similar issue or transfer taxes payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of shares of Common Stock on the redemption or conversion of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock pursuant to this paragraph (4);  provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any registration of transfer involved in the issue or delivery of shares of
Common Stock in a name other than that of the registered holder of Series C
Preferred Stock redeemed or converted or to be redeemed or converted, and no
such issue or delivery shall be made unless and until the person requesting such
issue has paid to the Company the amount of any such tax or has established, to
the satisfaction of the Company, that such tax has been paid.

   (n)  CONVERSION AT THE OPTION OF THE HOLDER.  After 40 days following the
latest date of original issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock, the shares of
the Series C Preferred Stock are convertible, in whole or in part, at the option
of the holders thereof, at any time before the Mandatory Conversion Date, unless
previously redeemed, into shares of Common Stock at a rate of 8.85 shares of
Common Stock for each share of Series C Preferred Stock (the "Optional
Conversion Rate").  The Optional Conversion Rate is subject to adjustment in the
same manner as the Common Equivalent Rate, as described in paragraph (4)(d).
The right to convert shares of Series C Preferred Stock called for redemption


LAW2:7499                                                             -33-
<PAGE>   34
will terminate immediately before the close of business on the redemption date
with respect to such shares.

   Conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the option of the holder
may be effected by delivering certificates evidencing such shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, together with written notice of conversion and a proper
assignment of such certificates to the Company or in blank (and, if applicable,
cash payment of an amount equal to the dividend attributable to the current
quarterly dividend period payable on such shares), to the office of the transfer
agent for Series C Preferred Stock or to any other office or agency maintained
by the Company for that purpose and otherwise in accordance with conversion
procedures established by the Company.  Each optional conversion will be deemed
to have been effected immediately before the close of business on the date on
which the foregoing requirements have been satisfied.  The conversion will be at
the Optional Conversion Rate in effect at such time and on such date.

   5.  LIQUIDATION PREFERENCES.
   (a)  In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the affairs of the Company, the holders of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets
of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders, after payment or
provision for payment of any Senior Securities, an amount per share of Series C
Preferred Stock in cash equal to the sum of (i) $144.40 plus (ii) all accrued
and unpaid dividends thereon to the date of liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, before any payment shall be made or any assets distributed to the holders of
any of the Junior Securities.  If the assets of the Company are not sufficient
to pay in full the liquidation payments payable to the holders of outstanding
shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities, then the
holders of all such shares shall share ratably in such distribution of assets in
accordance with the amount which would be payable on such distribution if the
amounts to which the holders of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
and the holders of outstanding shares of such Parity Securities are entitled
were paid in full.  Except as provided in this paragraph (5)(a), holders of
Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any distribution in the event
of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company.

   (b)  For the purposes of this paragraph (5), none of the following shall be
deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company:

   (i)  the voluntary sale, conveyance, lease, exchange or transfer (for cash,
  shares of stock, securities or other consideration) of all or substantially
  all of the property or assets of the Company;

   (ii)  the consolidation or merger of the Company with or into one or more
  other corporations or other associations;

   (iii)  the consolidation or merger of one or more corporations or other
  associations with or into the Company;


LAW2:7499                                                             -34-
 
<PAGE>   35
   (iv)  the participation by the Company in a share exchange;

   (v)  the division of the Company pursuant to 15 Pa.C.S. Subch. 19D;

   (vi)  the conversion of the Company pursuant to 15 Pa.C.S. Subch. 19E.

   6.  VOTING RIGHTS.
   (a)  The holders of record of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to any voting rights except as hereinafter provided in this paragraph
(6) or as otherwise provided by law.

   (b)  In the event that dividends payable to the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock are in arrears and unpaid for the equivalent of six quarterly periods, the
Board of Directors will be increased by two directors and the holders of Series
C Preferred Stock, together with the holders of all other outstanding series of
the Preferred Stock in respect of which such a default in payment of dividends
as described hereinabove exists and is entitled to vote thereon, voting as a
single class without regard to series, will be entitled to elect two directors
of the expanded Board of Directors.  Such entitlement shall continue until such
time as all dividends in arrears on all of the Series C Preferred Stock at the
time outstanding have been paid or declared and set aside for payment, whereupon
such voting rights of the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall cease
(and the respective terms of the two additional directors shall thereupon expire
and the number of directors constituting the full board be decreased by two)
subject to being again revived from time to time upon the reoccurrence of the
conditions described in this paragraph (6)(b) as giving rise thereto.

   At any time when the rights of holders of Series C Preferred Stock to elect
two additional directors shall have so vested, the Company shall, upon the
written request of the holders of record of not less than 10% of the Series C
Preferred Stock then outstanding (or 10% of all of the shares of Preferred Stock
having the right to vote for such directors in case holders of shares of other
series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect directors in such
circumstances), call a special meeting of holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock (and other series of Preferred Stock, if applicable) for the election of
directors.  In the case of a written request, the special meeting shall be held
within 60 days after the delivery of the request, upon the notice provided by
law and in the By-laws of the Company; except that the Company shall not be
required to call such a special meeting if the request is received less than 120
days before the date fixed for the next ensuing annual meeting of shareholders
of the Company.

   Whenever the number of directors of the Company shall have been increased by
two as provided in this paragraph (6)(b), the number as so increased may
thereafter be further increased or decreased in such manner as may be permitted
by the By-laws and without the vote of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock.


LAW2:7499                                                             -35-
<PAGE>   36
No such action shall impair the right of the holders of Series C Preferred
Stock to elect and to be represented by two directors as provided in this
paragraph (6)(b).

   The two directors elected as provided in this paragraph (6)(b) shall serve
until the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company and until their
respective successors shall be elected and qualified or the earlier expiration
of their terms as provided in this paragraph (6)(b).  No such director may be
removed without the vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock (or holders of a majority of shares of Preferred Stock having
the right to vote in the election of such director in case holders of shares of
other series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect such
director).  If, prior to the expiration of the term of any such director, a
vacancy in the office of such director shall occur, such vacancy shall, until
the expiration of such term, in each case be filled by the remaining director
elected as provided in this paragraph (6)(b) or, if none remains in office, by
vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock (or holders of a majority of shares of Preferred Stock who are
then entitled to participate in the election of such directors in case holders
of shares of other series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect
such director).

   (c)  So long as any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding
(except when notice of the redemption or conversion of all outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock has been given pursuant to paragraph (4)(i) and shares
of Common Stock and any necessary funds have been deposited in trust for such
redemption or conversion pursuant to paragraph (4)(j)), the Company shall not,
without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock and any other series of Preferred Stock entitled to
vote thereon at the time outstanding, voting together as one class without
regard to series, in person or by proxy, or by resolution adopted at an annual
or special meeting called for the purpose, amend pursuant to the provisions of
15 Pa.C.S. Subchapter 19B or in the context of any other type of Fundamental
Transaction any of the provisions of the Company's Restated Articles of
Incorporation which would either (i) authorize any new class of Senior
Securities or (ii) alter or change the rights, preferences or limitations of the
Series C Preferred Stock so as to affect such rights, preferences or limitations
in any material respect prejudicial to the holders of the Series C Preferred
Stock.

   (d)  So long as any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding
(except when notice of the redemption or conversion of all outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock has been given pursuant to paragraph (4)(i) and shares
of Common Stock and any necessary funds have been deposited in trust for such
redemption or conversion pursuant to paragraph (4)(j)), the Company shall not,
without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares
of Series C Preferred Stock and


LAW2:7499                                                             -36-
<PAGE>   37
any other series of Preferred Stock entitled to vote thereon at the time
outstanding voting or consenting, as the case may be, voting together as one
class without regard to series, given in person or by proxy, either in writing
or by resolution adopted at an annual or special meeting called for the
purpose, amend pursuant to the provisions of 15 Pa.C.S. Subchapter 19B or in
the context of any other type of Fundamental Transaction any of the provisions
of the Company's Restated Articles of Incorporation which would either (i)
increase the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or (ii)
authorize or create any class of Parity Securities.

   7.  INCREASE IN SHARES.  The number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
may, to the extent of the Company's authorized and unissued Preferred Stock, be
increased by further resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors and the
filing of a statement with respect to shares with the Department of State of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

   8.  LIMITATIONS.  Except as may otherwise be required by law, the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock shall not have any powers, preferences or relative,
participating, optional or other special rights other than those specifically
set forth in this Article FIFTH (F) (as such Article FIFTH (F) may be amended
from time to time) or otherwise in the Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
Company.

   SIXTH:     A.      A higher than majority shareholder vote for certain
Business Combinations (as defined below) shall be required as follows:

   (1)  In addition to any affirmative vote required by law or these Restated
  Articles of Incorporation or the terms of any series of Preferred Stock or any
  other securities of the Company and except as otherwise expressly provided in
  Section B. of this Article SIXTH:

      (a)  any merger or consolidation of the Company or any Subsidiary with (i)
   any Interested Stockholder or with (ii) any other corporation (whether or not
   itself an Interested Stockholder) which is, or after such merger or
   consolidation would be, an Affiliate or Associate of an Interested
   Stockholder;

      (b)  any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
   disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions whether or not
   related) to an Interested Stockholder (or an Affiliate or Associate of an
   Interested Stockholder) of any assets of the Company or of a Subsidiary
   having an aggregate Fair Market Value of $10,000,000 or more;

      (c)  any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
   disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions whether or not
   related) to or with the Company or a Subsidiary of any assets of an
   Interested Stockholder (or an Affiliate or Associate of


LAW2:7499                                                             -37-
<PAGE>   38
   an Interested Stockholder) having an aggregate Fair Market Value of
   $10,000,000 or more;

      (d)  the issuance or sale by the Company or any Subsidiary (in one
   transaction or a series of transactions whether or not related) of any
   securities of the Company or of any Subsidiary to any Interested Stockholder
   or any Affiliate or Associate of any Interested Stockholder in exchange for
   cash, securities or other consideration (or a combination thereof) having an
   aggregate Fair Market Value of $10,000,000 or more except an issuance of
   securities upon conversion of convertible securities of the Company or of a
   Subsidiary which were not acquired by such Interested Stockholder (or such
   Affiliate or Associate) from the Company or a Subsidiary;

      (e)  the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or
   dissolution of the Company proposed by or on behalf of any Interested
   Stockholder or any Affiliate or Associate of any Interested Stockholder; or

      (f)  any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock
   split), or recapitalization of the Company, or any merger or consolidation of
   the Company with any of its Subsidiaries or any other transaction (whether or
   not with or into or otherwise involving an Interested Stockholder) which has
   the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of
   the outstanding shares of any class of equity securities or securities
   convertible into equity securities of the Company or any Subsidiary which is
   directly or indirectly owned by any Interested Stockholder or any Affiliate
   or Associate of any Interested Stockholder; shall require the affirmative
   vote of (i) the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the combined
   voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
   entitled to vote generally in an annual election of directors (the "Voting
   Stock") and (ii) the holders of at least a majority of the combined voting
   power of the then outstanding Voting Stock held by Disinterested
   Stockholders, in each case voting together as a single class.  Such
   affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may
   be required, or that a lesser percentage may be specified, by law, by any
   other provisions of these Restated Articles of Incorporation or by the terms
   of any series of Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company; 

   (2)  The term "Business Combination" as used in this Article SIXTH shall mean
  any transaction which is referred to in any one or more of clauses (a) through
  (f) of paragraph (1) of Section A. of this Article SIXTH.


LAW2:7499                                                             -38-
<PAGE>   39
   B.   The provisions of Section A. of this Article SIXTH shall not be
applicable to any Business Combination, and such Business Combination shall
require only such affirmative vote (if any) as is required by law, any other
provision of these Restated Articles of Incorporation or the terms of any class
or series of capital stock of the Company entitled to a preference over the
Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, or the terms of any other
securities of the Company, if all of the conditions specified in either of the
following paragraphs (1) or (2) are met:

   (1)  The Business Combination shall have been approved by a majority of the
  Disinterested Directors or

   (2)  All the following six conditions shall have been met -

      (a)  The transaction constituting the Business Combination shall provide
   for a consideration to be received by holders of Common Stock in exchange for
   their Common Stock, and the aggregate amount of the cash and the Fair Market
   Value as of the date of the consummation of the Business Combination of
   consideration other than cash to be received per share by holders of Common
   Stock in such Business Combination shall be at least equal to the highest of
   the following:

         (i)  (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any
      brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid
      in order to acquire any shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the
      Interested Stockholder which were acquired (x) within the two-year period
      immediately prior to the first public announcement of the proposed
      Business Combination (the "Announcement Date") or (y) in the transaction
      in which it became an Interested Stockholder, whichever is higher;

         (ii)  the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the
      Announcement Date or on the date on which the Interested Stockholder
      became an Interested Stockholder (the "Determination Date"), whichever is
      higher; and

         (iii)  (if applicable) the price per share equal to the Fair Market
      Value per share of Common Stock determined pursuant to clause (ii)
      immediately preceding, multiplied by the ratio of (x) the highest per
      share price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and
      soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to acquire any shares of Common
      Stock beneficially owned by the Interested Stockholder which were acquired
      within the two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date to
      (y) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the first day in
      such two-year period on which the Interested


LAW2:7499                                                             -39-
<PAGE>   40
      Stockholder beneficially owned any shares of Common Stock, whether or not
      such Stockholder was an Interested Stockholder on that day.

      (b)  If the transaction constituting the Business Combination shall
   provide for a consideration to be received by holders of any class of
   outstanding Voting Stock other than Common Stock, the aggregate amount of the
   cash and the Fair Market Value as of the date of the consummation of the
   Business Combination of consideration other than cash to be received per
   share by holders of shares of such Voting Stock shall be at least equal to
   the highest of the following (it being intended that the requirements of this
   clause (2)(b) shall be required to be met with respect to every class of
   outstanding Voting Stock other than Institutional Voting Stock, whether or
   not the Interested Stockholder beneficially owns any shares of a particular
   class of Voting Stock):

         (i)  (if applicable) the highest per share price (including any
      brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid
      in order to acquire any shares of such class of Voting Stock beneficially
      owned by the Interested Stockholder which were acquired (x) within the
      two-year period immediately prior to the Announcement Date or (y) in the
      transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder, whichever is
      higher;

         (ii)  (if applicable) the highest preferential amount per share to
      which the holders of shares of such class of Voting Stock are entitled in
      the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
      winding up of the Company;

         (iii)  the Fair Market Value per share of such class of Voting Stock on
      the Announcement Date or on the Determination Date, whichever is higher;
      and

         (iv)  (if applicable) the price per share equal to the Fair Market
      Value per share of such class of Voting Stock determined pursuant to
      clause (iii) immediately preceding, multiplied by the ratio of (x) the
      highest per share price (including any brokerage commissions, transfer
      taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid in order to acquire any shares of
      such class of Voting Stock beneficially owned by the Interested
      Stockholder which were acquired within the two-year period immediately
      prior to the Announcement Date to (y) the Fair Market Value per share of
      such class of Voting Stock on the first day in such two-year period on
      which the


LAW2:7499                                                             -40-
<PAGE>   41
      Interested Stockholder beneficially owned any shares of such class of
      Voting Stock, whether or not such Stockholder was an Interested
      Stockholder on that day.

      (c)  The consideration to be received by holders of a particular class of
   Voting Stock (including Common Stock) shall be in cash or in the same form as
   was previously paid in order to acquire shares of such class of Voting Stock
   which are beneficially owned by the Interested Stockholder and, if the
   Interested Stockholder beneficially owns shares of any class of Voting Stock
   which were acquired with varying forms of consideration, the form of
   consideration to be received by holders of such class of Voting Stock shall
   be either cash or the form used to acquire the largest number of shares of
   such class of Voting Stock beneficially owned by it.  The prices determined
   in accordance with clauses (a) and (b) of paragraph (2) of this Section B.
   shall be subject to an appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock
   dividend, stock split, subdivision, combination of shares or similar event.

      (d)  After such Interested Stockholder has become an Interested
   Stockholder and prior to the consummation of such Business Combination:

         (i)  except as approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors,
      there shall have been no failure to declare and pay at the regular date
      therefor any full quarterly dividends (whether or not cumulative) on any
      outstanding Preferred Stock or other capital stock entitled to a
      preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation;

         (ii)  except as approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors,
      there shall have been (x) no reduction in the annual amount of dividends
      paid on the Common Stock (except as necessary to reflect any subdivision
      of the Common Stock) and (y) no failure to increase the annual amount of
      dividends as necessary to prevent any such reduction in the event of any
      reclassification (including any reverse stock split), recapitalization,
      reorganization or similar transaction which has the effect of reducing the
      number of outstanding shares of the Common Stock;

         (iii)  such Interested Stockholder shall not have become the beneficial
      owner of any additional shares of Voting Stock except as part of the
      transaction in which it became an Interested Stockholder; and

         (iv)  there shall have always been at least three Disinterested
      Directors on the Board of Directors.


LAW2:7499                                                             -41-
<PAGE>   42
      (e)  After such Interested Stockholder has become an Interested
   Stockholder, such Interested Stockholder shall not have received the benefit,
   directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a shareholder), of any
   loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial assistance or any tax
   credits or other tax advantages provided by the Company, whether in
   anticipation of or in connection with such Business Combination or otherwise.

      (f)  A proxy or information statement describing the proposed Business
   Combination and complying with the requirements of the Securities Exchange
   Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations thereunder (or any subsequent
   provisions replacing such Act, rules or regulations) shall be mailed to
   shareholders at least 30 days prior to the consummation of such Business
   Combination (whether or not such proxy or information statement is required
   to be mailed pursuant to such Act or subsequent provisions).

   C. For the purposes of this Article SIXTH:

      (1)  A "person" shall mean any individual, a partnership, a corporation,
   an association, a trust or other entity.

      (2)  "Interested Stockholder" at any particular time shall mean any person
   (other than the Company or any Subsidiary) who or which:

         (a)  is at such time the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of
      five percent (5%) or more of the voting power of the Voting Stock;

         (b)  is an Affiliate of the Company and at any time within the two-year
      period immediately prior to the date in question was the beneficial owner,
      directly or indirectly, of five percent (5%) or more of the voting power
      of the Voting Stock; or

         (c)  is at such time an assignee of or has otherwise succeeded to the
      beneficial ownership of any shares of Voting Stock which were at any time
      within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question
      beneficially owned by any Interested Stockholder (as defined in C.(2)(a)
      and (b) above), if such assignment or succession shall have occurred in
      the course of a transaction or series of transactions not involving a
      public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933.

      (3)     "Disinterested Stockholder" shall mean a shareholder of the
   Company who is not an Interested Stockholder or an Affiliate or an Associate
   of an Interested Stockholder.


LAW2:7499                                                             -42-
<PAGE>   43
      (4)  A person shall be a "beneficial owner" of any shares of Voting Stock:

         (a)  which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates
      beneficially owns, directly or indirectly;

         (b)  which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has (i)
      the right to acquire (whether or not such right is exercisable
      immediately) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or
      upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or
      options, or otherwise, or (ii) the right to vote pursuant to any
      agreement, arrangement or understanding; or

         (c)  which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other
      person with which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has
      any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring,
      holding, voting or disposing of any shares of Voting Stock.

      (5)  For the purpose of determining whether a person is an Interested
   Stockholder pursuant to paragraph (2) of this Section C., the number of
   shares of Voting Stock deemed to be outstanding shall include shares deemed
   owned by an Interested Stockholder through application of paragraph (4) of
   this Section C. but shall not include any other shares of Voting Stock which
   may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or
   upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options,
   or otherwise.

      (6)  "Affiliate" or "Associate" shall have the respective meanings
   ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations
   under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect on December 31, 1984
   (the term "registrant" in such Rule 12b-2 meaning in this case the Company).

      (7)  "Subsidiary" means any corporation of which a majority of any class
   of equity security is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company;
   provided, however, that for the purposes of the definition of Interested
   Stockholder set forth in paragraph (2) of this Section C. the term
   "Subsidiary" shall mean only a corporation of which a majority of each class
   of equity security is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company.

      (8)  "Disinterested Director" means any member of the Board of Directors
   who is unaffiliated with, and not a representative or nominee of, an
   Interested Stockholder and (a) was a member of the Board prior to the time
   that the Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder, or (b)
   recommended to succeed a


LAW2:7499                                                             -43-
<PAGE>   44
   Disinterested Director by a majority of the Disinterested Directors then on
   the Board.

      (9)  "Fair Market Value" means: (a) in the case of stock, the highest
   closing sale price during the 30-day period immediately preceding the date in
   question of a share of such stock on the Composite Tape for New York Stock
   Exchange Listed Stocks, or, if such stock is not quoted on the Composite
   Tape, on the New York Stock Exchange, or if such stock is not listed on such
   Exchange, on the principal United States securities exchange registered under
   the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on which such stock is listed, or, if
   such stock is not listed on any such exchange, the highest closing bid
   quotation with respect to a share of such stock during the 30-day period
   preceding the date in question on the National Association of Securities
   Dealers, Inc.  Automated Quotation System or any other system then in use, or
   if no such quotations are available, the fair market value on the date in
   question of a share of such stock as determined by a majority of the
   Disinterested Directors in good faith; and (b) in the case of property other
   than cash or stock, the fair market value of such property on the date in
   question as determined by a majority of the Disinterested Directors in good
   faith.

      (10)  In the event of any Business Combination in which the Company
   survives, the phrase "consideration other than cash to be received" as used
   in paragraph (2) of Section B. of this Article SIXTH shall include the shares
   of Common Stock and the shares of any other class of outstanding Voting Stock
   retained by the holders of such shares.

      (11)  The term "class" of Voting Stock shall be deemed to refer to a
   series of Voting Stock where more than one series of Voting Stock is
   outstanding within a class of Voting Stock.

      (12)  "Institutional Voting Stock" shall mean any class of Voting Stock
   which was issued to and continues to be held solely by one or more insurance
   companies, pension funds, commercial banks, savings banks or similar
   financial institutions or institutional investors.

   D.  A majority of the Disinterested Directors of the Company shall have the
power and duty to determine for the purposes of this Article SIXTH, on the basis
of information known to them after reasonable inquiry, (1) whether a person is
an Interested Stockholder, (2) the number of shares of Voting Stock beneficially
owned by any person, (3) whether a person is an Affiliate or Associate of
another, (4) whether the requirements of Section B. of this Article SIXTH have
been met with respect to any Business Combination, (5) whether a class of Voting
Stock is Institutional Voting Stock and (6) whether the assets which are


LAW2:7499                                                             -44-
<PAGE>   45
subject to any Business Combination have, or the consideration to be received
for the issuance or transfer of securities by this Company or any subsidiary in
any Business Combination has, an aggregate Fair Market Value of $10,000,000 or
more.  Any such determination made in good faith shall be binding and
conclusive on all parties.

   E.  Nothing contained in this Article SIXTH shall be construed to relieve any
Interested Stockholder from any fiduciary obligation imposed by law.

   F.  In addition to any requirements of law and any other provisions of these
Restated Articles of Incorporation or the terms of any class or series of
capital stock of the Company entitled to a preference over the Common Stock as
to dividends or upon liquidation, or the terms of any other securities of the
Company (and notwithstanding the fact that a lesser percentage may be specified
by law, these Restated Articles of Incorporation or any such terms), the
affirmative vote of

   (1)  the holders of eighty percent (80%) or more of the combined voting power
  of the Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, and

   (2)  a majority of the combined voting power of the Voting Stock held by the
  Disinterested Stockholders, voting together as a single class, shall be
  required to amend, alter or repeal, or adopt any provision inconsistent with,
  this Article SIXTH.

   SEVENTH:    A.    Except as otherwise fixed by or pursuant to the terms of
any class or series of capital stock of the Company entitled to a preference
over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, the number,
qualification, terms of office, manner of election, time and place of meeting,
compensation, powers and duties of the directors shall be fixed from time to
time by or pursuant to the By-laws.

   B.    If the By-laws so provide, the members of the Board (other than those
who may be elected by the holders of any class or series of capital stock having
a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation pursuant
to the terms of these Restated Articles of Incorporation or of such class or
series of stock) shall be classified, with respect to the time for which they
severally hold office, into three classes, as nearly equal in number as
possible, having such terms and being elected in such manner as shall be
specified in the By-laws.

   EIGHTH:    In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon
it by law, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to:

   (1)  adopt any By-laws a majority of the entire Board of Directors may deem
  necessary or desirable for the efficient conduct of the affairs of the
  Company, including, but not


LAW2:7499                                                             -45-
<PAGE>   46
  limited to, provisions governing the conduct of, and the matters which may
  properly be brought before, meetings of the shareholders and provisions
  specifying the manner and extent to which prior notice shall be given of the
  submission of proposals to be considered at any such meeting or of nominations
  for the election of directors to be held at any such meeting; and

   (2)  repeal, alter or amend the By-laws by the vote of a majority of the
  entire Board of Directors.

   NINTH:    In addition to any requirements of law and any other provisions of
these Restated Articles of Incorporation or the terms of any series of Preferred
Stock or any other securities of the Company (and notwithstanding the fact that
a lesser percentage may be specified by law, these Restated Articles of
Incorporation or any such terms), the affirmative vote of the holders of eighty
percent (80%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in an annual
election (the "Voting Stock"), voting together as a single class, shall be
required to:

   (1)  remove a director without cause (For purposes of this Article (NINTH)
  "cause" shall mean the willful and continuous failure of a director to
  substantially perform such director's duties to the Company, other than any
  such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness, or
  the willful engaging by a director in gross misconduct materially and
  demonstrably injurious to the Company);

   (2)  adopt, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the By-laws, except that
  By-law XVI may be amended or altered by a majority vote of the Voting Stock if
  the majority of the entire Board of Directors has first recommended the
  amendment or alteration for approval by the shareholders;

   (3)  amend, alter or repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with,
  Articles SEVENTH or EIGHTH or this Article NINTH; and

   (4)  amend, alter or repeal or adopt any provisions inconsistent with any
  provision, other than Articles SIXTH, SEVENTH or EIGHTH or this Article NINTH,
  contained in these Restated Articles of Incorporation, unless otherwise first
  recommended and approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors or, if
  there is an Interested Stockholder (as defined in Article SIXTH), by a
  majority of the Disinterested Directors (as defined in Article SIXTH), in
  which cases a majority vote of the Voting Stock is required to amend, alter or
  repeal such other provisions of these Restated Articles of Incorporation.

   TENTH:    To the fullest extent that the law of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, as it exists on January 27, 1987, or as it may thereafter be
amended, permits the elimination of


LAW2:7499                                                             -46-
<PAGE>   47
the liability of directors, no director of the corporation shall be liable for
monetary damages for any action taken, or any failure to take any action.  This
Article TENTH shall not apply to any breach of performance of duty or any
failure of performance of duty by any director occurring prior to January 27,
1987.  No amendment to or repeal of this Article TENTH shall apply to or have
any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Company
for or with respect to any act or failure to act on the part of such director
occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

     ELEVENTH:    The Company may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law as then in effect, indemnify any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company or is or was serving at the request of the
Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including, without
limitation, any employee benefit plan) and may take such steps as may be deemed
appropriate by the Company, including purchasing and maintaining insurance,
entering in to contracts (including, without limitation, contracts of
indemnification between the Company and its directors and officers), creating a
trust fund, granting security interests or using other means (including, without
limitation, a letter of credit) to insure the payment of such amount as may be
necessary to effect such indemnification.  This Article shall apply to any
action taken, or any failure to take any action, on or after January 27, 1987.




LAW2:7499                                                             -47-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.B
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                  Exhibit 3(b)

   E.  1.  DESIGNATION AND AMOUNT.  The shares of this series shall be
designated as "Series A Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred
Stock").  The par value of each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be
$1.00. The number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred Stock initially
shall be 5,000,000; provided, however, that, if more than a total of 5,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be issuable upon the exercise of Rights
(the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, dated as of December 28,
1995, between the Company and First Chicago Trust Company of New York, as Rights
Agent (as such agreement may be amended from time to time, the "Rights
Agreement"), the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to Section 1914(c)
and/or Section 1522(b) of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988, as
amended (the "Pennsylvania BCL"), and in accordance with the provisions of
Article FIFTH of the Restated Articles of Incorporation, shall adopt a
resolution or resolutions increasing the previously determined total number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock authorized to be issued (to the extent that
the Restated Articles of Incorporation then permit) to the largest number of
whole shares (rounded up to the nearest whole number) issuable upon exercise of
such Rights and directing that a statement or articles of amendment with respect
to such increase in authorized shares for the Series A Preferred Stock be
executed and filed with the Department of State of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania.

   2.  DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.
   (a)  Subject to the provisions for adjustment hereinafter set forth, the
holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds
legally available for the purpose, (i) a cash dividend in an amount per share
(rounded to the nearest cent) equal to 100 times the aggregate per share amount
of each cash dividend declared or paid on the Common Stock, $1.00 par value per
share, of the Company (the "Common Stock") and any other security ranking
junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii) a preferential cash dividend
(the "Preferential Dividends"), if any, in preference to the holders of Common
Stock and any other security ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, on
the first day of March, June, September and December of each year (each a
"Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of
Series A Preferred Stock, payable in an amount (except in the case of the first
Quarterly Dividend Payment if the date of the first issuance of Series A
Preferred Stock is a date other than a Quarterly Dividend Payment date, in
which case such payment shall be a prorated amount of such amount) equal to
$1.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock less the per share amount of all
cash dividends declared on the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (i)
of this sentence since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the
first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock.
In addition, in the event the Company shall, at any time after the issuance of
any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, pay any dividend
or make any distribution on the


LAW2:7499                                                              -7-
<PAGE>   2
shares of Common Stock of the Company, whether by way of a dividend or a
reclassification of stock, a recapitalization, reorganization or partial
liquidation of the Company or otherwise, which is payable in cash or any debt
security, debt instrument, real or personal property or any other property
(other than (x) cash dividends subject to the immediately preceding sentence,
(y) a distribution of shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the
Company or (z) a distribution of rights or warrants to acquire any such shares,
including as such a right any debt security convertible into or exchangeable
for any such shares, at a price less than the Fair Market Value (as hereinafter
defined) of such shares on the date of issuance of such rights or warrants),
then, and in each such event, the Company shall simultaneously pay on each then
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock a distribution, in like kind, of
100 times such distribution paid on a share of Common Stock (subject to the
provisions for adjustment hereinafter set forth).  The dividends and
distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock to which holders thereof are
entitled pursuant to clause (i) of the first sentence of this paragraph and
pursuant to the second sentence of this paragraph are hereinafter referred to
as "Dividends" and the multiple of such cash and non-cash dividends and
distributions on the Common Stock applicable to the determination of the
Dividends, which shall be 100 initially but shall be adjusted from time to time
as hereinafter provided, is hereinafter referred to as the "Dividend Multiple."
In the event the Company shall at any time after January 9, 1996 declare or pay
any dividend or make any distribution on Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or split or a combination, consolidation
or reverse split of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater or
lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the Dividend
Multiple thereafter applicable to the determination of the amount of Dividends
which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive shall be the Dividend Multiple applicable immediately prior to such
event multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of
which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

   (b)  The Company shall declare each Dividend at the same time it declares
any cash or non-cash dividend or distribution on the Common Stock in respect of
which a Dividend is required to be paid.  No cash or non-cash dividend or
distribution on the Common Stock in respect of which a Dividend is required to
be paid shall be paid or set aside for payment on the Common Stock unless a
Dividend in respect of such dividend or distribution on the Common Stock shall
be simultaneously paid, or set aside for payment, on the Series A Preferred
Stock.

   (c)  Preferential Dividends shall begin to accrue on outstanding shares of
Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next
preceding the date of issuance of such


LAW2:7499                                                              -8-
<PAGE>   3
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.  Accrued but unpaid Preferential Dividends
shall cumulate but shall not bear interest.  

   (d)  Any dividend payment made on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid Preferential
Dividend due with respect to shares of the Series A Preferred Stock.

   (e)  All dividends paid with respect to shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to this paragraph 2 shall be paid pro rata on a share-by-share
basis to the holders entitled thereto.

   (f)  The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled
to receive any dividends or distributions except as provided herein.

   3.  VOTING RIGHTS.  The holders of record of outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

   (a)  Subject to the provisions for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each
  share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 100
  votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of the Common Stock.
  The number of votes which a holder of a share of Series A Preferred Stock is
  entitled to cast, as the same may be adjusted from time to time as hereinafter
  provided, is hereinafter referred to as the "Vote Multiple."  In the event the
  Company shall at any time after January 9, 1996 declare or pay any dividend on
  Common Stock, payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or
  split or a combination, consolidation or reverse split of the outstanding
  shares of Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common
  Stock, then in each such case the Vote Multiple thereafter applicable to the
  determination of the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of
  Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled after such event shall be the Vote
  Multiple immediately prior to such event multiplied by a fraction the
  numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
  immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
  shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

   (b)  Except as otherwise provided herein, in the Restated Articles of
  Incorporation, in the By-laws, or as otherwise provided by law, the holders
  of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common
  Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of
  shareholders of the Company.

   (c)  In the event that the Preferential Dividends payable to the holders of
  Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears and unpaid for the equivalent of six
  quarterly periods, the Board of Directors will be increased by two directors
  and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, together with the holders of all
  other outstanding series of


LAW2:7499                                                              -9-
<PAGE>   4
  the Preferred Stock in respect of which such a default in payment of dividends
  as described hereinabove exists and is entitled to vote thereon, voting as a
  single class without regard to series, will be entitled to elect two directors
  of the expanded Board of Directors.  Such entitlement shall continue until
  such time as all dividends in arrears on all of the Series A Preferred Stock
  at the time outstanding have been paid or declared and set aside for payment,
  whereupon such voting rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock
  shall cease (and, unless holders of shares of other series of Preferred Stock
  shall still have the right to elect such directors, the respective terms of
  the two additional directors shall thereupon expire and the number of
  directors constituting the full board be decreased by two) subject to being
  again revived from time to time upon the reoccurrence of the conditions
  described in this paragraph (3)(c) as giving rise thereto.

   At any time when the rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock to elect
  two additional directors shall have so vested, the Company shall, upon the
  written request of the holders of record of not less than 10% of the Series A
  Preferred Stock then outstanding (or 10% of all of the shares of Preferred
  Stock having the right to vote for such directors in case holders of shares of
  other series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect directors
  in such circumstances), call a special meeting of holders of the Series A
  Preferred Stock (and other series of Preferred Stock, if applicable) for the
  election of directors.  In the case of a written request, the special meeting
  shall be held within 60 days after the delivery of the request, upon the
  notice provided by law and in the By-laws of the Company; except that the
  Company shall not be required to call such a special meeting if the request is
  received less than 120 days before the date fixed for the next ensuing annual
  meeting of shareholders of the Company.

   Whenever the number of directors of the Company shall have been increased by
  two as provided in this paragraph (3)(c), the number as so increased may
  thereafter be further increased or decreased in such manner as may be
  permitted by the By-laws and without the vote of the holders of Series A
  Preferred Stock.  No such action shall impair the right of the holders of
  Series A Preferred Stock to elect and to be represented by two directors as
  provided in this paragraph (3)(c).

   The two directors elected as provided in this paragraph (3)(c) shall serve
  until the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company and until their
  respective successors shall be elected and qualified or the earlier
  expiration of their terms as provided in this paragraph (3)(c).  No such
  director may be removed without the vote of holders of a majority of shares
  of Series A Preferred Stock (or holders of a majority of shares of Preferred
  Stock


LAW2:7499                                                             -10-
<PAGE>   5
  having the right to vote in the election of such director in case holders of
  shares of other series of Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect
  such director).  If, prior to the expiration of the term of any such
  director, a vacancy in the office of such director shall occur, such vacancy
  shall, until the expiration of such term, in each case be filled by the
  remaining director elected as provided in this paragraph (3)(c) or, if none
  remains in office, by vote of the holders of record of a majority of the
  outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (or holders of a majority of
  shares of Preferred Stock who are then entitled to participate in the
  election of such directors in case holders of shares of other series of
  Preferred Stock shall also have the right to elect such director).

   (d)  Except as otherwise required by the Articles of Incorporation or
  By-laws or set forth in this paragraph 3 or in paragraph 13 or as otherwise
  provided by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no other
  special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the
  extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth
  herein) for the taking of any corporate action.

   4.  CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS.
   (a)  Whenever Preferential Dividends or Dividends are in arrears or the
Company shall be in default of payment thereof, thereafter and until all accrued
and unpaid Preferential Dividends and Dividends, whether or not declared, on
shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid or set
irrevocably aside for payment in full, and in addition to any and all other
rights which any holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock may have in such
circumstances, the Company shall not:

   (i)  declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem
  or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration, any shares of stock
  ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
  winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

   (ii)  declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any
  shares of stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series A
  Preferred Stock, unless dividends are paid ratably on the Series A Preferred
  Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears
  in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are
  then entitled if the full dividends accrued thereon were to be paid;

   (iii)  except as permitted by subparagraph (iv) of this paragraph 4(a),
  redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock
  ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
  or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that the Company
  may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such
  parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Company ranking junior
  (both as


LAW2:7499                                                             -11-
<PAGE>   6
  to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A
  Preferred Stock; or

   (iv)  purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series A
  Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series A
  Preferred Stock (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
  winding up), except as permitted by subparagraph (iii) of this paragraph 4(a)
  or in accordance with a purchase offer made to all holders of such shares upon
  such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective
  annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the
  respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in
  fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

   (b)  The Company shall not permit any Subsidiary (as hereinafter defined) of
the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Company unless the Company could, under subparagraph (a) of this
paragraph 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such
manner.  A "Subsidiary" of the Company shall mean any corporation or other
entity of which securities or other ownership interests entitled to cast at
least a majority of the votes that would be entitled to be cast in an election
of the board of directors of such corporation or other entity or other persons
performing similar functions are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by
the Company or by any corporation or other entity that is otherwise controlled
by the Company.

   (c)  The Company shall not issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock
except upon exercise of Rights issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement, a copy
of which is on file with the Secretary of the Company at its principal executive
office and shall be made available to shareholders of record without charge upon
written request therefor addressed to said Secretary.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing sentence, nothing contained in the provisions of this Article FIFTH
(E) shall prohibit or restrict the Company from issuing for any purpose any
series of Preferred Stock with rights and privileges similar to, different from,
or greater than, those of the Series A Preferred Stock or, subject to the
limitations set forth in paragraph 13, from creating other securities senior to,
junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock.

   5.  REACQUIRED SHARES.  Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock purchased or
otherwise acquired by the Company in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and
cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof.  All such shares upon their
retirement and cancellation shall become authorized but unissued shares of
Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and such shares may be
redesignated and reissued as part of any series of the Preferred Stock.


LAW2:7499                                                             -12-
<PAGE>   7
   6.  LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING UP; FAIR VALUE FOR PURPOSES OF
PENNSYLVANIA ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTE.
   (a)  Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company, no distribution shall be made (i) to the holders of shares of
stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock unless the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have received out of the assets of
the Company available for distribution to its shareholders after payment or
provision for payment of any securities ranking senior to the Series A Preferred
Stock, for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment as
hereinafter provided, (A) $100.00 plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid
dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of
such payment or, (B) if greater than the amount specified in clause (i)(A) of
this sentence, an amount equal to 100 times the aggregate amount to be
distributed per share to holders of Common Stock, as the same may be adjusted as
hereinafter provided, and (ii) to the holders of stock ranking on a parity upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up with the Series A Preferred Stock, unless
simultaneously therewith distributions are made ratably on the Series A
Preferred Stock and all other shares of such parity stock in proportion to the
total amounts to which the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
entitled under clause (i)(A) of this sentence and to which the holders of such
parity shares are entitled, in each case upon such liquidation, dissolution or
winding up.  The amount to which holders of Series A Preferred Stock may be
entitled upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company pursuant to
clause (i)(B) of the foregoing sentence is hereinafter referred to as the
"Participating Liquidation Amount" and the multiple of the amount to be
distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock upon the liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company applicable pursuant to said clause to
the determination of the Participating Liquidation Amount, as said multiple may
be adjusted from time to time as hereinafter provided, is hereinafter referred
to as the "Liquidation Multiple." In the event the Company shall at any time
after January 9, 1996 declare or pay any dividend on Common Stock payable in
shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or split or a combination,
consolidation or reverse split of the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then, in each such case, the
Liquidation Multiple thereafter applicable to the determination of the
Participating Liquidation Amount to which holders of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled after such event shall be the Liquidation Multiple applicable
immediately prior to such event multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which
is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.  Except as provided in this
paragraph 6(a), holders of


LAW2:7499                                                             -13-
<PAGE>   8
Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any distribution in the event
of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company.

   (b) For the purposes of this paragraph 6, none of the following shall be
deemed to be a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company:

   (i)  the voluntary sale, conveyance, lease, exchange or transfer (for cash,
  shares of stock, securities or other consideration) of all or substantially
  all of the property or assets of the Company;

   (ii)  the consolidation or merger of the Company with or into one or more
  other corporations or other associations;

   (iii)  the consolidation or merger of one or more corporations or other
  associations with or into the Company;

   (iv)  the participation by the Company in a share exchange;

   (v)  the division of the Company pursuant to sections 1951 through 1957 of
  the Pennsylvania BCL;

   (vi)  the conversion of the Company pursuant to sections 1961 through 1966 of
  the Pennsylvania BCL;

   (c)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article FIFTH (E), in
case any Controlling Person or Group (as defined from time to time in Section
2543 of the Pennsylvania BCL) shall be required to purchase any shares of Series
A Preferred Stock pursuant to Sections 2541 through 2548 of the Pennsylvania
BCL, as in effect from time to time, the amount that is determined to represent
the "fair value" (as that term is used in such Section 2542 of the Pennsylvania
BCL) of such shares shall be an amount per share equal to the Liquidation
Multiple then in effect times the aggregate amount per share that such
Controlling Person or Group is required to pay to purchase any share of Common
Stock pursuant to such Sections 2541 through 2548 of the Pennsylvania BCL.

   7.  CERTAIN RECLASSIFICATIONS AND OTHER EVENTS.
   (a)  In the event that holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company
receive after January 9, 1996 in respect of their shares of Common Stock any
share of capital stock of the Company (other than any share of Common Stock of
the Company), whether by way of reclassification, recapitalization,
reorganization, dividend or other distribution or otherwise (a "Transaction"),
then, and in each such event, the dividend rights, voting rights and rights upon
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted so that after such event the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled, in respect of each share of
Series A Preferred Stock held, in addition to such rights in respect thereof to
which such holder was entitled immediately prior to such adjustment, to (i) such
additional dividends as equal the Dividend Multiple in effect immediately prior
to such Transaction multiplied by the additional dividends which the holder of a
share of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive by virtue of the receipt in
the Transaction of such capital stock,


LAW2:7499                                                             -14-
<PAGE>   9
(ii) such additional voting rights as equal the Vote Multiple in effect
immediately prior to such Transaction multiplied by the additional voting
rights to which the holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled by
virtue of the receipt in the Transaction of such capital stock and (iii) such
additional distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company as equal the Liquidation Multiple in effect immediately prior to such
Transaction multiplied by the additional amount which the holder of a share of
Common Stock shall be entitled to receive upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company by virtue of the receipt in the Transaction of such
capital stock, as the case may be, all as provided by the terms of such capital
stock.

   (b)  In the event that holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company
receive after January 9, 1996 in respect of their shares of Common Stock any
right or warrant to purchase Common Stock (including as such a right, for all
purposes of this paragraph 7(b), any security convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock) at a purchase price per share less than the Fair Market Value
of a share of Common Stock on the date of issuance of such right or warrant,
then and in each such event the dividend rights, voting rights and rights upon
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company of the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall each be adjusted so that after such event the
Dividend Multiple, the Vote Multiple and the Liquidation Multiple shall each be
the product of the Dividend Multiple, the Vote Multiple and the Liquidation
Multiple, as the case may be, in effect immediately prior to such event
multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately before such issuance of rights or warrants
plus the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which could be acquired upon
exercise in full of all such rights or warrants and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before
such issuance of rights or warrants plus the number of shares of Common Stock
which could be purchased, at the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the
time of such issuance, by the maximum aggregate consideration payable upon
exercise in full of all such rights or warrants.

   (c)  In the event that holders of shares of Common Stock of the Company
receive after January 9, 1996 in respect of their shares of Common Stock any
right or warrant to purchase capital stock of the Company (other than shares of
Common Stock), including as such a right, for all purposes of this paragraph
7(c), any security convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock of the
Company (other than Common Stock), at a purchase price per share less than the
Fair Market Value of a share of such capital stock on the date of issuance of
such right or warrant, then and in each such event the dividend rights, voting
rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company of
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall each be adjusted so that after such
event each holder of a share of


LAW2:7499                                                             -15-
<PAGE>   10
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled, in respect of each share of Series
A Preferred Stock held, in addition to such rights in respect thereof to which
such holder was entitled immediately prior to such event, to receive (i) such
additional dividends as equal the Dividend Multiple in effect immediately prior
to such event multiplied, first, by the additional dividends to which the
holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled upon exercise of such right
or warrant by virtue of the capital stock which could be acquired upon such
exercise, and multiplied again by the Discount Fraction (as hereinafter
defined), (ii) such additional voting rights as equal the Vote Multiple in
effect immediately prior to such event multiplied, first, by the additional
voting rights to which the holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled
upon exercise of such right or warrant by virtue of the capital stock which
could be acquired upon such exercise, and multiplied again by the Discount
Fraction and (iii) such additional distributions upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company as equal the Liquidation Multiple in effect
immediately prior to such event multiplied, first, by the additional amount
which the holder of a share of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company upon exercise of such
right or warrant by virtue of the capital stock which could be acquired upon
such exercise, and multiplied again by the Discount Fraction.  For purposes of
this paragraph, the "Discount Fraction" shall be a fraction the numerator of
which shall be the difference between the Fair Market Value of a share of the
capital stock subject to a right or warrant distributed to holders of shares of
Common Stock of the Company as contemplated by this paragraph 7(c) immediately
after the distribution thereof and the purchase price per share for such share
of capital stock pursuant to such right or warrant and the denominator of which
shall be the Fair Market Value of a share of such capital stock immediately
after the distribution of such right or warrant.

   (d)  For purposes of this Article FIFTH (E), the "Fair Market Value" of a
share of capital stock of the Company  (including a share of Common Stock) on
any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing price per share
thereof over the 30 consecutive Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter
defined) immediately prior to such date;  provided, however, that in the event
that such Fair Market Value of any such share of capital stock is determined
during a period which includes any date that is within 30 Trading Days after (i)
the ex-dividend date for a dividend or distribution on stock payable in shares
of such stock or securities convertible into shares of such stock, or (ii) the
effective date of any subdivision, split, combination, consolidation, reverse
stock split or reclassification of such stock or division of the Company
pursuant to Sections 1951 through 1957 of the Pennsylvania BCL, then, and in
each such case, the Fair Market Value shall be appropriately adjusted by the
Board of Directors of the Company


LAW2:7499                                                             -16-
<PAGE>   11
to take into account ex-dividend or post-effective date trading.  The closing
price for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no
such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices, regular way (in either case, as reported in the applicable transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on
the New York Stock Exchange), or, if the shares are not listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the applicable
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal
national securities exchange on which the shares are listed or admitted to
trading or, if the shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any national
securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of
the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported
by The Nasdaq Stock Market or such other system then in use, or if on any such
date the shares are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the
closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making
a market in the shares selected by the Board of Directors of the Company.  The
term "Trading Day" shall mean a day on which the principal national securities
exchange on which the shares are listed or admitted to trading is open for the
transaction of business or, if the shares are not listed or admitted to trading
on any national securities exchange, on which the New York Stock Exchange or
such other national securities exchange as may be selected by the Board of
Directors of the Company is open.  If the shares are not publicly held or not
so listed or traded on any day within the period of 30 Trading Days applicable
to the determination of Fair Market Value thereof as aforesaid, "Fair Market
Value" shall mean the fair market value thereof per share as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.  In either case referred to in
the foregoing sentence, the determination of Fair Market Value shall be
described in a statement filed with the Secretary of the Company.

   8.  CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, ETC.  In case the Company shall enter into any
consolidation, merger, division, share exchange, combination, sale of all or
substantially all of the Company's assets, or other transaction in which the
shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each
outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged for or changed into the aggregate amount of stock,
securities, cash and/or other property (payable in like kind), as the case may
be, for which or into which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged
multiplied by the highest of the Vote Multiple, the Dividend Multiple or the
Liquidation Multiple in effect immediately prior to such event;  provided,
however, no fractional share or scrip representing fractional shares of any
other stock or securities shall be issued.  Instead of any fractional interest
in a share of such other stock or securities which would otherwise be


LAW2:7499                                                             -17-
<PAGE>   12
deliverable pursuant to this paragraph 8, the Company will pay to the holder
thereof an amount in cash (computed to the nearest cent) equal to the same
fraction of the Fair Market Value of a share of such other stock or security.

   9.  EFFECTIVE TIME OF ADJUSTMENTS.
   (a)  Adjustments to the Series A Preferred Stock required by the provisions
hereof shall be effective as of the time at which the event requiring such
adjustments occurs.

   (b)  The Company shall give prompt written notice to each holder of a share
of outstanding Series A Preferred Stock of the effect of any adjustment to the
voting rights, dividend rights or rights upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company of such shares required by the provisions hereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the failure of the Company to give such
notice shall not affect the validity of or the force or effect of or the
requirement for such adjustment.

   10.  NO REDEMPTION.  The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be
redeemable at the option of the Company or any holder thereof. Notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence of this paragraph, the Company may acquire shares of
Series A Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law, the provisions
hereof and the Restated Articles of Incorporation.

   11.  RANKING.  The Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Common
Stock and, unless otherwise provided in a Statement with Respect to Shares or an
amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation relating to the
determination of a subsequent series of preferred stock of the Company, the
Series A Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of the Company's
preferred stock, including the Series C Conversion Preferred Stock, as to the
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution
or winding up.

   12.  LIMITATIONS.  Except as may otherwise be required by law, the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall not have any powers, preferences or relative,
participating, optional or other special rights other than those specifically
set forth in this Article FIFTH (E) (as such may be amended from time to time)
or otherwise in the Restated Articles of Incorporation.

   13.  AMENDMENT.  So long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are
outstanding, the Company shall not amend this Article FIFTH (E) or the Restated
Articles of Incorporation in any manner which would alter or change the rights,
preferences or limitations of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect such
rights, preferences or limitations in any material respect prejudicial to the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock without, in addition to any other vote
of shareholders required by law, the affirmative vote of the holders of
two-thirds or more of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting
together as a single class; provided, however, that the creation of another
series of the Preferred Stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the Series A
Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets or
liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall not be deemed to be prejudicial
to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock for the purposes of this
paragraph 13.


LAW2:7499                                                             -18-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.C
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                  Exhibit 3(c)


                                    BY-LAWS


                                       OF


                                  WESTINGHOUSE


                              ELECTRIC CORPORATION


                                 ______________


                                 AS AMENDED TO

                               DECEMBER 28, 1995


                                 ______________
<PAGE>   2
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Page
                                                                                                   ----
<S>                       <C>                                                                       <C>
Article I                 Meetings of Shareholders  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1

Article II                Board of Directors - Committees -
                          Their Powers and Duties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7

Article III               Contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

Article IV                Election and Term of Chairman of
                          the Board and Officers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

Article V                 Meetings of Directors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12

Article VI                Chairman of the Board . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

Article VII               President; Chief Executive Officer  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

Article VIII              Secretary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

Article IX                Treasurer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

Article X                 Controller  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

Article XI                Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer,
                          Assistant Controller and Other Officers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

Article XII               Corporate Seal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21

Article XIII              Certificates of Stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21

Article XIV               Transfers of Stock  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21

Article XV                Fiscal Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23

Article XVI               Employees' Stock Purchases and Stock
                          Option Plans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23

Article XVII              Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25

Article XVIII             Director Liability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Article XIX               Pennsylvania Opt Out  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36

Article XX                Amendments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36

Article XXI               Confidentiality in Voting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

Article XXII              Rights  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
</TABLE>


                                      -i-
<PAGE>   3

                                    BY-LAWS
                                       OF
                       WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION
                                   __________

                                   ARTICLE I.
                            Meetings of Shareholders
       The annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company shall be held on
such date and at such hour as the Board of Directors may designate and on any
subsequent day or days to which such meeting may be adjourned, for the purpose
of electing directors and for the transaction of such other business as may
lawfully come before the meeting.  If for any reason the annual meeting shall
not have been held on the day designated by the Board or on the day specified
above, the Board of Directors shall cause the annual meeting to be called and
held as soon thereafter as may be convenient.

       Special meetings of the shareholders of the Company may be called by the
Board of Directors or by the Chairman to be held on such date as the Board or
the Chairman shall determine.    At an annual meeting of the shareholders, only
such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the
meeting.  To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i)
specified in the notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or
at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise brought before the
meeting by





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   4
or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) brought before the
meeting by a shareholder in accordance with the procedure set forth below.  For
business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the
shareholder must be entitled by Pennsylvania law to present such business and
must have given written notice of such business, either by personal delivery or
by United States mail, postage prepaid, to the Secretary of the Company, not
later than 90 days in advance of such meeting; provided, however, that if such
annual meeting of shareholders is held on a date other than the last Wednesday
of April, such written notice must be given within ten days after the first
public disclosure, which may include any public filing by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, of the date of the annual meeting.  Any
such notice shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring
before the annual meeting (a) a brief description of the business desired to be
brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the
meeting, and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the
By-laws of the Company, the language of the proposed amendment, (b) the name
and address of the shareholder proposing such business, (c) a representation
that the shareholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to
vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting
to propose such business and (d) any material interest of any shareholder in
such business.  No business shall be





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   5
conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with this paragraph, and
the chairman of any annual meeting of shareholders may refuse to permit any
business to be brought before such annual meeting without compliance with the
foregoing procedures.

       Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of stock
having a preference over the Common Stock of the Company as to dividends or
upon liquidation, nominations for the election of directors may be made by the
Board of Directors or by any shareholder entitled to vote for the election of
directors.  Any shareholder entitled to vote for the election of directors may
nominate at a meeting persons for election as directors only if written notice
of such shareholder's intent to make such nomination is given, either by
personal delivery or by United States mail, postage prepaid, to the Secretary
of the Company not later than (i) with respect to an election to be held at an
annual meeting of shareholders, 90 days in advance of such meeting (provided
that if such annual meeting of shareholders is held on a date other than the
last Wednesday of April, such written notice must be given within ten days
after the first public disclosure, which may include any public filing by the
Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of the date of the annual
meeting), and (ii) with respect to an election to be held at a special meeting
of shareholders for the election of directors, the close of business on the
seventh day following the date on which notice of such meeting is first





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   6
given to shareholders.  Each such notice shall set forth:  (a) the name and
address of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination and of each
person to be nominated; (b) a representation that the shareholder is a holder
of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and intends
to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or
persons specified in the notice as directors; (c) a description of all
arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and each proposed
nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons)
pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the
shareholder; (d) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such
shareholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed
pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission were such
nominee to be nominated by the Board of Directors; and (e) the consent of each
proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Company if so elected.  The
chairman of any meeting of shareholders to elect directors may refuse to permit
the nomination of any person to be made without compliance with the foregoing
procedure.

       Every meeting of the shareholders, annual or special, shall be held at
such place within or without the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as the Board of
Directors may designate or, in the absence of such designation, at the
registered office of the Company in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   7
       Written notice of every meeting of the shareholders shall be given by,
or at the direction of, the person authorized to call the meeting, to each
shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting, at his address appearing
on the books of the Company.  The notice of every meeting of the shareholders
shall specify the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a
special meeting, the matter or matters to be acted upon at such meeting.  Only
the matter or matters specified in the notice of a special meeting shall be
acted upon thereat.  All notices of meetings of the shareholders shall be
provided in accordance with Pennsylvania law.

       The notice of every meeting of the shareholders may be accompanied by a
form of proxy approved by the Board of Directors in favor of such person or
persons as the Board of Directors may select.

       Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Restated Articles of the
Company, as from time to time amended, (hereinafter called the Articles of the
Company) or by these By-laws, the presence in person or by proxy of
shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes that all
shareholders are entitled to cast on a particular matter shall constitute a
quorum at the meeting of shareholders, and all questions shall be decided by a
majority of the votes cast, in person or by proxy, at a duly organized meeting
by the holders of shares entitled to vote thereon.  The shareholders present at
any duly organized meeting may continue to do business until





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   8
adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave
less than a quorum.

       Any meeting of the shareholders may be adjourned from time to time,
without notice other than by announcement at the meeting at which such
adjournment is taken, and at any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall
be present any action may be taken that could have been taken at the meeting
originally called; provided that any meeting at which directors are to be
elected shall be adjourned only from day to day, or for such longer periods,
not exceeding fifteen days each, as the holders of a majority of the shares
present in person or by proxy shall direct, until such directors have been
elected.

       If a meeting cannot be organized because of lack of a quorum, those
present may, except as otherwise provided by law, adjourn the meeting to such
time and place as they may determine, but in the case of any meeting called for
the election of directors those who attend the second of such adjourned
meetings, although less than a quorum, shall nevertheless constitute a quorum
for the purpose of electing directors.

       At each meeting, each shareholder entitled to vote may vote in person or
by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or by his duly authorized
attorney-in-fact and filed with the Secretary of the Company.  Except as
otherwise provided by law or the Articles of the Company or these By-laws, each
holder of record of shares of any class of the Company shall be entitled





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   9
to one vote, on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of the
shareholders, and in respect of which shares of such class shall be entitled to
be voted, for every share of such class standing in his name on the books of
the Company.

                                  ARTICLE II.
                       Board of Directors - Committees -
                            Their Powers and Duties

       The business, affairs and property of the Company shall be managed and
controlled by a Board of Directors, which, except as otherwise provided by law
or the Articles of the Company, shall exercise all the powers of the Company.
The number, qualifications, manner of election, time and place of meeting,
compensation and powers and duties of the directors of the Company shall be
fixed from time to time by or pursuant to these By-laws.  Nominees for election
to the Board of Directors who qualify as Independent Directors on the date of
their nomination shall be such that the majority of all directors holding
office immediately after such nomination, assuming the election of such
nominees, shall be Independent Directors.

       The number of directors which shall constitute the Board of Directors
shall be fixed from time to time by a vote of a majority of the Board of
Directors, provided, however, that the number of directors of the Company shall
be not less than three nor more than twenty-four.  The shareholders shall, at
each





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   10
annual meeting, elect directors, each of whom shall serve until the annual
meeting of shareholders next following his election and until his successor is
elected and shall qualify; provided, however, that directors with terms
expiring at the annual meetings of shareholders to be held in 1994 and 1995
shall serve until the expiration of their respective terms.

       Each election of directors by the shareholders shall be conducted by one
or three judges of election appointed by the Board of Directors in advance of
the meeting to act at that meeting and at any adjournment thereof.  If any or
all of such appointees shall fail to appear or fail or refuse to act, the
vacancy or vacancies shall be filled by the Board of Directors or the presiding
officer of the meeting.  No person who is a candidate for office to be filled
at the meeting shall act as a judge.

       Except as the law may otherwise provide, the shareholders shall not
remove any director from office without assigning any cause (as such term is
defined in the Articles of Incorporation) prior to the expiration of the term
of office unless holders of at least 80% of the shares of capital stock of the
Company entitled to vote thereon, vote to remove the director from office.

       In case of any vacancy in the Board of Directors through death,
resignation, disqualification, removal, increase in the number of directors or
other cause, the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, by affirmative
vote of a majority





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   11
thereof or by a sole remaining director, may fill such vacancy to serve for the
balance of the unexpired term and until his successor shall have been elected
and qualified; provided, however, that any director elected to fill a vacancy
for a director having a term expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders to
be held in 1994 or 1995 shall serve only until the annual election of
shareholders next following his election.      

       There shall be a Compensation Committee, an Audit Review Committee, a 
Committee on Environment and Health, and a Nominating and Governance Committee.
The Compensation Committee may determine to retain an independent compensation
consultant to assist it in carrying out its duties.  Each of these committees 
shall consist of not less than three members of the Board of Directors, at 
least three of whom, on the date of their appointment to the committee, are 
Independent Directors.  All members of the Compensation Committee and the 
Nominating and Governance Committee must, on the date of their appointment to 
said committee, be Independent Directors.  With respect to each such committee,
the Board of Directors shall, by one or more resolutions adopted by a majority 
of the whole Board, determine the duties and responsibilities, determine the 
number of members, appoint the members and the committee chair and fill each 
vacancy occurring in the membership.

       The Board of Directors may from time to time appoint such further
standing or special committees as it may deem in the best interest of the
Company, but no such committee shall have





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   12
any powers, except such as are expressly conferred upon it by the Board.  Each
committee referred to in this Article II shall act only as a committee and the
individual members shall have no power as such.

       Each director shall be entitled to receive from the Company such annual
and meeting fees as the Board of Directors shall from time to time determine
and to be reimbursed for his reasonable expenses in connection with attendance
at meetings.  Nothing herein contained shall preclude any director from serving
the Company or its subsidiaries in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor.

       For purposes of this Article II, the term "Independent Director" shall
mean a director who: (a) is not and has not been employed by the Company or a
subsidiary in an executive capacity within the five years immediately prior to
the annual meeting at which he will be voted upon; (b) is not an employee or
five percent or more owner of an entity that is a regular advisor or consultant
to the Company or its subsidiaries; (c) is not an employee or five percent or
more owner of a significant customer or supplier of the Company or its
subsidiaries; (d) does not have a personal services contract with the Company
or its subsidiaries; (e) is not employed by a tax-exempt organization that
receives significant contributions from the Company or its subsidiaries; and
(f) is not a spouse, parent, sibling, child, parent-in-law, brother or
sister-in-law or son or daughter-in-law of an officer of the Company.





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   13
       The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive right and power to
interpret and apply the provisions of this Article II, including, without
limitation, the adoption of written definitions of terms used in and guidelines
for its application (any such definitions and guidelines shall be filed with
the Secretary, and such definitions and guidelines as may prevail shall be made
available to any shareholder upon written request).  Any such definitions or
guidelines and any other interpretation or application of the provisions of
this Article II made in good faith shall be binding and conclusive.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                                 Contributions

       The Board of Directors shall have the power, at any time and from time
to time, to make contributions and donations for the public welfare or for
religious, charitable, scientific or educational purposes.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                              Election and Term of
                       Chairman of the Board and Officers

       The Board of Directors shall elect a Chairman of the Board, who may be
designated an officer of the Company, a President or a Chief Executive Officer
or both, such Vice Presidents as may from time to time be necessary or
desirable, a Secretary, a Treasurer and a Controller.  There shall also be one
or more





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   14
assistant secretaries, treasurers and controllers and such other officers and
assistant officers as the Board may deem appropriate.  The Board of Directors
shall elect and fix the compensation of all officers, except assistant
officers.

       The term of office for all officers shall be until the organization
meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of
shareholders and until their respective successors are elected or appointed and
shall qualify, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.  The
Chairman of the Board or any officer may be removed from office, either with or
without cause, at any time by the affirmative vote of the majority of the
members of the Board then in office.  A vacancy in any office arising from any
cause may be filled for the unexpired term by the Board.

                                   ARTICLE V.
                             Meetings of Directors

       Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held without notice
at such place or places either within or without the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, at such hour and on such day as may be fixed by resolution of the
Board of Directors.

       The Board of Directors shall meet for organization at its first regular
meeting after the annual meeting of shareholders or at a special meeting of the
Board of Directors called after the annual meeting of shareholders and prior to
said first regular meeting.  If no special meeting of the Board of





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   15
Directors for organization shall be called, all provisions of these By-laws in
respect of notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors shall apply to
the first regular meeting of the Board of Directors held after the annual
meeting of shareholders.

       Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held, whenever
called by the Chairman or by four directors or by resolution adopted by the
Board of Directors, at such place or places either within or without the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as may be stated in the notice of the meeting.

       Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of
Directors, and notice of any change in the time or place of holding the regular
meetings of the Board of Directors, shall be given to each director in person,
by telephone, or by sending a copy thereof by first class or express mail,
postage prepaid, or by telegram (with messenger service specified), telex or
TWX (with answerback received) or courier service, charges prepaid, or by
facsimile transmission, or by any type of electronic communication to the
address (or to the telephone, telex, TWX, fax or other number or address)
supplied by the director to the Corporation for the purpose of notice at least
one day before the day of the meeting; provided, however, that notice of any
meeting need not be given to any director if waived by such director in
writing, whether before or after the time stated therein, or if such director
shall be present at the beginning of such meeting and does not object to the
transaction





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   16
of business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened.  If the
notice is sent by mail, telegraph or courier service, it shall be deemed to
have been given to the director when deposited in the United States mail or
with a telegraph office or courier service for delivery to the director or, in
the case of telex, TWX, fax or other electronic communication, it shall be
deemed to have been given to the director when dispatched.  In the absence of
any resolution of the Board of Directors or any committee governing rules of
procedure to the contrary, notice of meetings of any committee referred to or
provided for in these By-laws shall follow the same procedures as those set
forth in these By-laws for meetings of the Board of Directors.

       Except as otherwise provided in these By-laws, a majority of the
directors in office shall constitute a quorum of the Board competent to
transact business; but a lesser number may adjourn from day to day until a
quorum is present.  Except as otherwise provided in these By-laws, all
questions shall be decided by a vote of a majority of the directors present.

       All or any number less than all of the directors may participate in a
meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee of the Board of Directors
by conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which
all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other.

       Each committee referred to or provided for in these By-laws shall have
authority, except as may otherwise be required by law





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   17
or by resolution of the Board of Directors, to fix its own rules of procedure
and to meet where and as provided by such rules.  The presence at any meeting
of any such committee of a majority of the members, including alternate members
thereof, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business and in every case the affirmative vote of a majority of such members
present at any meeting shall be necessary for the adoption of any resolution of
such committee.  In the absence or disqualification of any member of such
committee or committees, the member or members thereof, including alternate
members, present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or
not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another director to
act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.

                                  ARTICLE VI.
                            Chairman of the Board

       The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board of
Directors at which he is present and shall call meetings of the Board and Board
Committees when he deems them necessary.  Unless otherwise precluded from doing
so by these By-laws, he may be a member of the committees of the Board.  He
shall act as chairman at all meetings of the shareholders at which he is
present unless he elects that the Chief Executive Officer shall so preside.
The Chairman of the Board may be designated by the Board as an officer of the
Company and may be





                                      -15-
<PAGE>   18
elected by the Board as the Chief Executive Officer.  The Chairman of the Board
shall perform all duties as may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.

                                  ARTICLE VII.

                       President; Chief Executive Officer

       The President shall have such powers and duties as may, from time to
time, be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board.
Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise direct, the President shall be
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  In the absence of the Chairman of
the Board, the President or, if none, the Chief Executive Officer shall perform
the duties and have the powers of the Chairman of the Board, as determined by
the Board of Directors.

       The Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge of the affairs of
the Company, subject to the control of the Board of Directors.  He may appoint
all officers and employees of the Company for whose election no other provision
is made in these By-laws, and may discharge or remove any officer or employee,
subject to action thereon by the Board of Directors as required by these
By-laws.  He shall be the officer through whom the Board delegates authority to
corporate management, and shall be responsible to see that all orders and
resolutions of the Board are carried into effect by the proper officers or
other persons.  He shall also perform all duties as may be assigned to him by
the Board of Directors.





                                      -16-
<PAGE>   19
                                 ARTICLE VIII.

                                   Secretary

       The Secretary shall attend meetings of the shareholders and the Board of
Directors, shall keep minutes thereof in suitable books, and shall send out all
notices of meetings as required by law or by these By-Laws.  He shall, in
general, perform all duties incident to the office of the Secretary and perform
such other duties as may be assigned to him by the Board, the Chairman of the
Board or the President.

                                  ARTICLE IX.

                                   Treasurer

       The Treasurer shall have custody of, and shall manage and invest, all
moneys and securities of the Company, and shall have such powers and duties as
generally pertain to the office of Treasurer.

       To the extent not invested, the Treasurer shall deposit all moneys in
such banks or other places of deposit as the Board of Directors may from time
to time designate or as may be designated by any officer or officers of the
Company so authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors.  Unless
otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, all checks, drafts, notes and
other orders for the payment of money from a disbursing account shall be signed
by the Treasurer or such person or persons as may be designated by name by the
Treasurer





                                      -17-
<PAGE>   20
in writing.  The Treasurer's signature and, if authorized by the Treasurer in
writing, the signature of such person or persons as may be designated by the
Treasurer as provided above, to a check, draft, note or other order for the
payment of money from a disbursing account may be by facsimile or other means.
Procedures for withdrawal of moneys from accounts other than disbursing
accounts shall require the approval and signature of the Treasurer, an
assistant treasurer or such person or persons as may be designated by name by
the Treasurer in writing and also of the Controller, an assistant controller or
such person or persons as may be designated by name by the Controller in
writing.

       The Treasurer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties
as may be assigned by the Board of Directors.  The Chief Financial Officer of
the Company shall have all of the powers granted to the Treasurer under these
by-laws, including the power to sign any check, draft, note or other order for
the payment of money from a disbursing account, including by facsimile
signature or other means.

                                   ARTICLE X.

                                  Controller

       The Controller shall have general charge of the Accounting Department of
the Company and its controlled companies.  He shall prescribe and supervise a
system of accounting and





                                      -18-
<PAGE>   21
internal auditing that shall be adopted and followed by the Company and its
controlled companies.  He, or some other person or persons designated by him by
name, in writing, shall prepare and certify all vouchers and payrolls.  As
provided in Article IX, procedures for withdrawal of moneys from accounts other
than disbursing accounts shall require the approval and signature of the
Controller, an assistant controller or such person or persons as may be
designated by name by the Controller in writing.  The Controller shall at the
close of each month present for the information of the Board of Directors a
complete statement of the Company's financial affairs and of its operations for
the preceding month and for the months elapsed since the commencement of the
fiscal year.  He shall also present full statements of the properties owned and
controlled by the Company, under appropriate headings, as the Board of
Directors may at any time require.  He shall carefully preserve and keep in his
custody in the office of the Company, contracts, leases, assignments and other
valuable instruments in writing.  He shall be charged with the duty of
verification of all property of the Company and of its controlled companies and
the supervision of the taking of all inventories.





                                      -19-
<PAGE>   22
                                  ARTICLE XI.

                   Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer,
                    Assistant Controller and Other Officers

       In the event of the absence or inability to serve of the Secretary, an
assistant secretary shall perform all the duties of the Secretary;  in the
event of the absence or inability to serve of the Treasurer, an assistant
treasurer shall perform all the duties of the Treasurer;  and in the event of
the absence or inability to serve of the Controller, an assistant controller
shall perform all the duties of the Controller.

       The powers and duties of other officers of the Company shall be such as
may, from time to time, be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman
of the Board, the President or the Chief Executive Officer.

       In case of the absence of any officer of the Company, or for any other
reason that the Board of Directors may deem sufficient, the Board, or in the
absence of action by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or in his absence,
the President, or in his absence, the Chairman of the Board, may delegate for
the time being the powers and duties of any officer to any other officer or to
any director.





                                      -20-
<PAGE>   23
                                  ARTICLE XII.
                                 Corporate Seal

       The Company shall have a corporate seal, which shall contain within a
circle the name of the Company, together with the following: "Incorporated
1872".

                                 ARTICLE XIII.
                            Certificates of Stock

       The shares of stock of the Company shall be represented by certificates
of stock, signed by the President or one of the Vice Presidents or other
officer designated by the Board of Directors, countersigned by the Treasurer or
an assistant treasurer and sealed with the corporate seal of the Company; and
if such certificates of stock are signed or countersigned by a corporate
transfer agent or a corporate registrar of this Company, such signature of the
President, Vice President or other officer, such counter-signature of the
Treasurer or assistant treasurer, and such seal, or any of them, may be
executed in facsimile, engraved or printed.

                                  ARTICLE XIV.
                               Transfers of Stock

       Transfers of shares of stock of the Company shall be made on the books
of the Company by the holder of record thereof or his legal representative,
acting by his attorney-in-fact duly authorized by written power of attorney
filed with the Secretary





                                      -21-
<PAGE>   24
of the Company, or with one of its transfer agents, and on surrender for
cancellation of the certificate or certificates for such shares.  Except as
otherwise provided in these By-laws, the person in whose name shares of stock
stand on the books of the Company shall be deemed the owner thereof for all
purposes as regards the Company.  The Company may have one or more transfer
offices of agencies and registrars for the transfer and registration of shares
of stock of the Company.

       The Board of Directors may fix in advance a time, which shall not be
more than ninety days prior to the date of any meeting of shareholders, or the
date for the payment of any dividend or distribution, or the date for the
allotment of rights, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of
shares will be made or go into effect, as a record date, for the determination
of the shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any such meeting, or
entitled to receive payment of any such dividend or distribution, or to receive
any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such
change, conversion or exchange of shares; and in such case only shareholders of
record at the time so fixed as a record date shall be entitled to notice of, or
to vote at, such meeting or to vote at any adjournment thereof, or to receive
payment of such dividend or distribution, or to receive such allotment of
rights, or to exercise such rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any
transfer of stock on the books of the Company after any such record date fixed
as aforesaid.





                                      -22-
<PAGE>   25
                                  ARTICLE XV.
                                 Fiscal Year

       The fiscal year of the Company shall be the calendar year.

                                  ARTICLE XVI.
              Employees' Stock Purchases and Stock Option Plans

       Shares of Common Stock of the Company may be reserved, from time to
time, by the Board of Directors for offering for sale, pursuant to one or more
plans, to employees, including assistant officers, of the Company and to
employees, including officers, of its subsidiaries, on an installment payment
basis, either by deductions from pay or by direct cash payments, or otherwise.
Shares so reserved may be offered for sale, from time to time, pursuant to such
plan or plans, but may be issued only after completion of payment therefor.
Except for shares acquired pursuant to a plan for the deferral of director
fees, directors, other than employee directors, will not be eligible to
purchase shares hereunder.

       The Board of Directors may determine, with respect to any plan, the
class or classes of employees eligible to participate therein, the number of
shares to be offered, the number of shares which the respective employees may
elect to purchase (which may, but need not, be fixed in proportion to their
compensation) and the price at which the shares will be offered for sale.  The
price so determined by the Board (i) may be a fixed price, or (ii) may be a
price determined by the average





                                      -23-
<PAGE>   26
market price of the shares for a designated period or periods, or (iii) may be
a price less than such average market price by a fixed amount or a specified
percentage thereof.  In any event, the price determined by the Board shall not
be less than the par value of the shares.

       Each such plan shall set forth the terms and conditions upon which an
employee may elect to purchase shares thereunder, upon which any such election
may be cancelled by the employee or terminated by the Company, and upon which
funds credited to the employee's account shall be refunded to him or applied to
the purchase of shares.

       Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may prescribe the terms
and conditions of each plan.

       Shares of Common Stock of the Company may also be reserved, from time 
to time, by the Board of Directors for sale upon the exercise of options 
granted pursuant to one or more plans to officers and other employees of the 
Company and its subsidiaries, but not including any director who is not also
such an officer or employee.  Any such plan shall be administered by a
committee consisting of three or more members of the Board of Directors who are
not eligible to receive options under the plan.  The members of any such
committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors and shall have plenary
authority to determine the individuals to whom and the time or times at which
options shall be granted; to determine the number of shares to be subject to
each option; to determine the





                                      -24-
<PAGE>   27
duration of such options; to determine the purchase price of the Common Stock
under any such option, which may be less than the fair market value of the
stock at the time of the granting of the option and which, upon the exercise of
any option, shall be paid in full with respect to the shares then purchased
under such option; to determine the terms and provisions of the respective
option agreements, which need not be identical, and which may include such
terms and provisions as shall be necessary or desirable under tax law and to
make such other determinations as shall be deemed to be necessary or advisable
for the administration of such plan.  Any such plan shall contain such other
terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may prescribe.

                                 ARTICLE XVII.
                                Indemnification

       A.      Indemnification Provisions Applicable to Proceedings Not Covered
       by Section B. of this Article.  

       Every person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the 
Company, or of any other corporation which he serves or served as such
at the request of the Company, shall, in accordance with this Article XVII but
not if prohibited by law, be indemnified by the Company as hereinafter provided
against reasonable expense and any liability paid or incurred by him in
connection with or resulting from any threatened or actual claim, action, suit
or proceeding (whether brought by or in the


                                      -25-
<PAGE>   28
right of the Company or such other corporation or otherwise), civil, criminal
administrative or investigative, in which he may be involved, as a party or
otherwise, by reason of his being or having been a director, officer or
employee of the Company or such other corporation, whether or not he continues
to be such at the time such expense or liability shall have been paid or
incurred.

       As used in this Article XVII, the term "expense" shall mean counsel fees
and disbursements and all other expenses (except any liability) relating to any
such claim, action, suit or proceeding, and the term "liability" shall mean
amounts of judgments, fines or penalties against, and amounts paid in
settlement by, a director, officer or employee with respect to any such claim,
action, suit or proceeding.

       Any person referred to in the first paragraph of this Article XVII who
has been wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, with respect to any
claim, action, suit or proceeding of the character described in such first
paragraph shall be reimbursed by the Company for his reasonable expense.

       Any other person claiming indemnification under the first paragraph of
this Article XVII shall be reimbursed by the Company for his reasonable expense
and for any liability (other than any amount paid to the Company) if a Referee
shall deliver to the Company his written finding that such person acted, in
good faith, in what he reasonably believed to be the best interests of the
Company, and in addition with respect to any





                                      -26-
<PAGE>   29
criminal action or proceeding, reasonably believed that his conduct was lawful.
The termination of any claim, action, suit or proceeding by judgment,
settlement (whether with or without court approval), adverse decision or
conviction after trial or upon a plea of guilty or of nolo contendere, or its
equivalent, shall not create a presumption that a director, officer or employee
did not meet the foregoing standards of conduct.  The person claiming
indemnification shall at the request of the Referee appear before him and
answer questions which the Referee deems relevant and shall be given ample
opportunity to present to the Referee evidence upon which he relies for
indemnification; and the Company shall, at the request of the Referee, make
available to the Referee facts, opinions or other evidence in any way relevant
for his finding which are within the possession or control of the Company.  As
used in this Article XVII, the term "Referee" shall mean independent legal
counsel (who may be regular counsel of the Company), or other disinterested
person or persons, selected to act as such hereunder by the Board of Directors
of the Company, whether or not a disinterested quorum exists.

       Any expense incurred with respect to any claim, action, suit or
proceeding of the character described in the first paragraph of this Article
XVII may be advanced by the Company prior to the final disposition thereof upon
receipt of an undertaking made by or on behalf of the recipient to repay such
amount if it is





                                      -27-
<PAGE>   30
ultimately determined that he is not indemnified under this Article XVII.

       The rights of indemnification provided in this Article XVII shall be in
addition to any rights to which any such director, officer or employee may
otherwise be entitled by contract or as a matter of law and, in the event of
such person's death, such rights shall extend to his heirs and legal
representatives.
       B.      Indemnification Provisions Applicable to Proceedings Based on
       Acts or Omissions on or after January 27, 1987.  

       SECTION 1.  Right to Indemnification and Effect of Amendments. 

       (a)     Right to Indemnification.  The Company, unless prohibited by 
applicable law, shall indemnify any person who is or was a director or 
officer of the Company and who is or was involved in any manner (including,
without limitation, as a party or a witness) or is threatened to be made so
involved in any threatened, pending or completed investigation, claim, action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a
Proceeding) (whether or not the indemnified liability arises or arose from any
threatened, pending or completed Proceeding by or in the right of the Company)
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as
a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise (including, without limitation, any


                                      -28-
<PAGE>   31
employee benefit plan) (a Covered Entity) against all expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding;
provided, however, that except as provided in Section 4(c) of this Article, the
foregoing shall not apply to a director or officer of the Company with respect
to a Proceeding that was commenced by such director or officer.  Any director
or officer of the Company entitled to indemnification as provided in this
Section 1, is hereinafter called an "Indemnitee".  Any right of an Indemnitee
to indemnification shall be a contract right and shall include the right to
receive, prior to the conclusion of any Proceeding, payment of any expenses
incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding, consistent with
the provisions of applicable law as then in effect and the other provisions of
this Article.

       (b)     Effect of Amendments.  Neither the alteration, amendment or
repeal of, nor the adoption of a provision inconsistent with, any provision of
this Article (including, without limitation, this Section 1(b)) shall adversely
affect the rights of any director or officer under this Article with respect to
any Proceeding commenced or threatened, or any alleged act or omission, prior
to such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision,
without the written consent of such director or officer.





                                      -29-
<PAGE>   32
       SECTION 2.  Insurance; Contracts and Funding.  The Company may purchase
and maintain insurance to protect itself and any indemnified person against any
expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement as specified in
Section 1 or Section 5 of this Article or incurred by any indemnified person in
connection with any Proceeding referred to in such Sections, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law as then in effect.  The Company may enter
into contracts with any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or
of any Covered Entity in furtherance of the provisions of this Article and may
create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means (including,
without limitation, a letter of credit) to insure the payment of such amounts
as may be necessary to effect indemnification as provided in this Article.

       SECTION 3.  Indemnification and Not Exclusive Right.  The right of
indemnification provided in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other
rights to which any indemnified person may otherwise be entitled, and the
provisions of this Article shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and legal
representatives of any indemnified person under this Article and shall be
applicable to Proceedings arising from acts or omissions occurring on or after
January 27, 1987.

       SECTION 4.  Advancement of Expenses; Request for Indemnification;
Remedies; Presumptions and Defenses.  In furtherance, but not in limitation of
the foregoing provisions, the following procedures, presumptions and remedies
shall apply





                                      -30-
<PAGE>   33
with respect to advancement of expenses and the right to indemnification under
this Article:

               (a) Advancement of Expenses.  All reasonable expenses incurred
by or on behalf of the Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding (including
any Proceeding commenced by the Indemnitee under Section 4(c) but excluding any
other Proceeding commenced by the Indemnitee) shall be advanced to the
Indemnitee by the Company within 20 days after the receipt by the Company of a
statement or statements from the Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances
from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such
Proceeding.  Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the
expenses incurred by the Indemnitee and, if required by law at the time of such
advance, shall include or be accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of
the Indemnitee to repay the amounts advanced if it should ultimately be
determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified against such
expenses pursuant to this Article.

               (b) Request for Indemnification.  To obtain indemnification
under this Article, an Indemnitee shall submit to the Secretary of the Company
a written request, including such documentation and information as is
reasonably available to the Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to determine
whether and to what extent the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification (the
Supporting Documentation).





                                      -31-
<PAGE>   34
               (c)      Remedies; Presumptions and Defenses.  If (i) expenses
are not advanced in full within 20 days after receipt by the Company of the
statement or statements and the undertaking (if an undertaking is required by
law, By-law, agreement or otherwise at the time of such advance) required by
Section 4(a) of this Article, or (ii) indemnification is not paid in full
within 60 days after receipt by the Company of the written request for
indemnification and Supporting Documentation required by Section 4(b) of this
Article, then the person claiming advancement of expenses or indemnification
shall be entitled to seek judicial enforcement of the Company's obligation to
pay such advancement of expenses or indemnification.  It shall be a defense to
any Proceeding seeking judicial enforcement of the Company's obligation to pay
indemnification that the conduct of the person claiming indemnification was
such that under Pennsylvania law the Company is prohibited from indemnifying
such person for the amount claimed.  The Company shall have the burden of
proving such defense.  Neither the failure of the Company (including its Board
of Directors, independent legal counsel and its shareholders) to have made a
determination prior to the commencement of such Proceeding that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances, nor an actual determination by the Company
(including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its
shareholders) that such indemnification is prohibited by law, shall be a
defense to a Proceeding seeking enforcement of





                                      -32-
<PAGE>   35
the provisions of this Article or create a presumption that such
indemnification is prohibited by law.  The only defense to any such Proceeding
to receive payment of expenses in advance shall be failure to make an
undertaking to reimburse, if such an undertaking is required by law, By-law,
agreement or otherwise.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may bring
an action, in an appropriate court in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or any
other court of competent jurisdiction, contesting the right of a person
claiming advancement of expenses or indemnification to receive such advancement
or indemnification hereunder because such advancement or indemnification is
prohibited by law; provided, however, that in any such action the Company shall
have the burden of proving that such advancement or indemnification is
prohibited by law.

       The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any action or
Proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 4(c) that the procedure and
presumptions of this Article are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall
stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of
this Article.

       If the person claiming advancement of expenses or indemnification,
pursuant to this Section 4(c), seeks to enforce his rights under, or to recover
damages for breach of this Article, that person shall be entitled to recover
from the Company, and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by such person if such person prevails in such
Proceeding.  If it shall be determined





                                      -33-
<PAGE>   36
in such Proceeding that such person is entitled to receive part but not all of
the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by
such person in connection with such Proceeding shall be prorated accordingly.

       SECTION 5.  Indemnification of Employees and Agents.  Notwithstanding
any other provision or provisions of this Article, the Company, unless
prohibited by applicable law, may indemnify any person other than a director or
officer of the Company who is or was an employee or agent of the Company and
who is or was involved in any manner (including, without limitation, as a party
or a witness) or is threatened to be made so involved in any threatened,
pending or completed Proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or
was a director, officer, employee or agent of a Covered Entity against all
expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with
such Proceeding.  The Company may also advance expenses incurred by such
employee or agent in connection with any such Proceeding, consistent with the
provisions of applicable law as then in effect.

       SECTION 6.  Severability.  If any provision or provisions of this
Article shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever:  (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Article (including, without limitation, all portions of any
Section of this Article containing any such provision held to be





                                      -34-
<PAGE>   37
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or
unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to
the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article (including, without
limitation, all portions of any Section of this Article containing any such
provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves
invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to
the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

                                 ARTICLE XVIII.
                               Director Liability

       To the fullest extent that the law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
as it exists on January 27, 1987, or as it may thereafter be amended, permits
the elimination of the liability of directors, no director of the Company shall
be liable for monetary damages for any action taken, or any failure to take any
action.  This Article shall not apply to any breach of performance of duty or
any failure of performance of duty by any director occurring prior to January
27, 1987.  No amendment to or repeal of this Article shall apply to or have any
effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Company for
or with respect to any act or failure to act on the part of such director
occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.





                                      -35-
<PAGE>   38
                                  ARTICLE XIX.
                             Pennsylvania Opt Out

         A.      "Subsections (e) through (g) of Section 1721, "Board of
Directors," of Title 15 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, or any
successor subsections thereto, shall not be applicable to the Company.

         B.      Subchapter G, "Control-Share Acquisitions," of Chapter 25,
Title 15 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, or any successor subchapter
thereto, shall not be applicable to the Company.

         C.      Subchapter H, "Disgorgement By Certain Controlling
Shareholders Following Attempts to Acquire Control," of Chapter 25, Title 15 of
the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, or any successor subchapter thereto,
shall not be applicable to the Company."

                                  ARTICLE XX.
                                  Amendments

         The By-laws of the Company, regardless of whether adopted by the
shareholders or by the Board of Directors, may be altered, amended or repealed
by the Board of Directors, to the extent permitted by applicable law, or,
subject to the third paragraph of Article I hereof, by the shareholders.  Such
action at a meeting of the Board of Directors shall be taken by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors in office at the
time; and such action by the





                                      -36-
<PAGE>   39
shareholders shall be taken by the affirmative vote of the holders of 80% of
the shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon.

         These By-laws are subject to any requirements of law, any provisions
of the Articles of the Company, as from time to time amended, and any terms of
any series of preferred stock or any other securities of the Company.

                                  ARTICLE XXI.
                          Confidentiality in Voting

         Shareholders shall be provided permanent confidentiality in all
voting, except as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements.  The Company
shall engage the services of an independent third party to receive, inspect,
count and tabulate proxies.  A representative of the independent third party
shall also act as a judge of election at the annual meeting of shareholders.

                                 ARTICLE XXII.
                                    Rights

         Those rights having the terms provided under the Rights Agreement
between Westinghouse Electric Corporation and First Chicago Trust Company of
New York (the "Rights Agent") dated as of December 28, 1995, as it may be
amended from time to time (the "Rights" and the "Rights Agreement") and issued
to or Beneficially Owned by Acquiring Persons or their Affiliates or





                                      -37-
<PAGE>   40
Associates (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement) shall, under
certain circumstances as provided in the Rights Agreement, be null and void and
may not be transferred to any person.





                                      -38-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.D
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                                                                   Exhibit 3(d)

     Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of
Directors, and notice of any change in the time or place of holding the regular
meetings of the Board of Directors, shall be given to each director in person,
by telephone, or by sending a copy thereof by first class or express mail,
postage prepaid, or by telegram (with messenger service specified), telex or TWX
(with answerback received) or courier service, charges prepaid, or by facsimile
transmission, or by any type of electronic communication to the address (or to
the telephone, telex, TWX, fax or other number or address) supplied by the
director to the Corporation for the purpose of notice at least one day before
the day of the meeting; provided, however, that notice of any meeting need not
be given to any director if waived by such director in writing, whether before
or after the time stated therein, or if such director shall be present at the
beginning of such meeting and does not object to the transaction of business
because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened.  If the notice is sent
by mail, telegraph or courier service, it shall be deemed to have been given to
the director when deposited in the United States mail or with a telegraph office
or courier service for delivery to the director or, in the case of telex, TWX,
fax or other electronic communication, it shall be deemed to have been given to
the director when dispatched.  In the absence of any resolution of the Board of
Directors or any committee governing rules of procedure to the contrary, notice
of meetings of any committee referred to or provided for in these By-laws shall
follow the same procedures as those set forth in these By-laws for meetings of
the Board of Directors.


                                      -13-
<PAGE>   2

                                 ARTICLE XXII.
                                    Rights

         Those rights having the terms provided under the Rights Agreement
between Westinghouse Electric Corporation and First Chicago Trust Company of
New York (the "Rights Agent") dated as of December 28, 1995, as it may be
amended from time to time (the "Rights" and the "Rights Agreement") and issued
to or Beneficially Owned by Acquiring Persons or their Affiliates or
Associates (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement) shall, under
certain circumstances as provided in the Rights Agreement, be null and void and
may not be transferred to any person.


                                      -37-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.B
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                               Exhibit 10(b)

                         1993 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                      (as amended as of February 28, 1996)

ARTICLE I
GENERAL

1.1  Purpose
     -------

  The purposes of the 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("Plan") for key personnel
of Westinghouse Electric Corporation ("Corporation") and its Subsidiaries (the
Corporation and its Subsidiaries severally and collectively referred to in the
Plan as the "Company") are to foster and promote the long-term financial
success of the Company and materially increase stockholder value by (i)
attracting and retaining key personnel of outstanding ability, (ii)
strengthening the Company's capability to develop, maintain and direct a
competent management team, (iii) motivating key personnel, by means of
performance-related incentives, to achieve long-range performance goals, (iv)
providing incentive compensation opportunities competitive with those of other
major companies and (v) enabling key personnel to participate in the long-term
growth and financial success of the Company.

1.2  Administration
     --------------

(a)  The Plan shall be administered by a committee of the Board of Directors of
the Corporation ("Committee") which shall consist of three or more members.
Each member shall be a "disinterested


LAW2:11704                                                             -1-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   2
person," as that term is defined by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and an "outside
director," as that term is defined by Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.  The members shall be appointed by the Board of
Directors, and any vacancy on the Committee shall be filled by the Board of
Directors.

     The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings and of any action taken
by it without a meeting.  A majority of the Committee shall constitute a
quorum, and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the acts of the Committee.  Any action that
may be taken at a meeting of the Committee may be taken without a meeting if a
consent or consents in writing setting forth the action so taken shall be
signed by all of the members of the Committee.  The Committee shall make
appropriate reports to the Board of Directors concerning the operations of the
Plan.

(b)   Subject to the limitations of the Plan, the Committee shall have the sole
and complete authority: (i) to select in accordance with Section 1.3 persons
who shall participate in the Plan ("Participant" or "Participants") (including
the right to delegate authority to select as Participants persons who are not
required to file reports with respect to securities of the Company pursuant to
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act ("Nonreporting Persons")); (ii) to make
Awards and payments in





LAW2:11704                                                             -2-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   3
such forms and amounts as it shall determine (including the right to delegate
authority to make Awards to Nonreporting Persons within limits approved from
time to time by the Committee); (iii) to impose such limitations, restrictions
and conditions upon such Awards as the Committee, or, with respect to Awards to
Nonreporting Persons, the Committee's authorized delegates, shall deem
appropriate; (iv) to interpret the Plan and the terms of any document relating
to the Plan and to adopt, amend and rescind administrative guidelines and other
rules and regulations relating to the Plan; (v) to amend or cancel an existing
Award in whole or in part (including the right to delegate authority to amend
or cancel an existing Award to a Nonreporting Person in whole or in part within
limits approved from time to time by the Committee), except that the Committee
and its authorized delegates may not, unless otherwise provided in the Plan, or
unless the Participant affected thereby consents, take any action under this
clause that would adversely affect the rights of such Participant with respect
to the Award, and except that the Committee and its authorized delegates may
not take any action to amend any outstanding Option under the Plan in order to
decrease the Option Price under such Option or to cancel and replace any such
Option with an Option with a lower Option Price unless such action is approved
by the common stockholders of the Corporation; and (vi) to make all other
determinations and to take all other actions necessary or advisable for the
interpretation, implementation and administration of the Plan.  The Committee's





LAW2:11704                                                             -3-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   4
determinations on matters within its authority shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Company and all other persons.

(c)   The Committee shall act with respect to the Plan on behalf of the
Corporation and on behalf of any subsidiary issuing stock under the Plan,
subject to appropriate action by the board of directors of any such Subsidiary.
All expenses associated with the Plan shall be borne by the Corporation subject
to such allocation to its Subsidiaries and operating units as it deems
appropriate.

1.3  Selection for Participation
     ---------------------------

  Participants selected by the Committee (or its authorized delegates) shall be
Eligible Persons, as defined below, who are key employees and have the capacity
to contribute to the success of the Company.  "Eligible Persons" are persons
who are salaried employees of the Company ("Employee" or "Employees").  In
making this selection and in determining the form and amount of Awards, the
Committee may give consideration to the functions and responsibilities of the
Eligible Person, his or her past, present and potential contributions to the
Company and other factors deemed relevant by the Committee.





LAW2:11704                                                             -4-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   5
1.4  Types of Awards under Plan
     --------------------------

  Awards ("Awards") under the Plan may be in the form of any one or more of the
following: (i) Incentive Stock Options ("ISOs") and Non-statutory Stock options
("NSOs") (Incentive Stock Options and Non-statutory Stock Options severally and
collectively referred to in the Plan as "Options"), as described in Article II,
(ii) Stock Appreciation Rights ("SARs") and Limited Stock Appreciation Rights
("Limited Rights"), as described in Article III, (iii) Performance Awards
("Performance Awards") as described in Article IV, and (iv) Restricted Stock
("Restricted Stock") as described in Article V.

1.5  Shares Subject to the Plan
     --------------------------

  Shares of stock issued under the Plan may be in whole or in part authorized
and unissued or treasury shares of the Corporation's common stock, par value
$1.00 ("Common Stock"), or "Formula Value Stock" as defined in Section 8.12(d)
(Common Stock and Formula Value Stock severally and collectively referred to in
the Plan as "Stock").

  The maximum number of shares of Stock which may be issued for all purposes
under the Plan shall be 4,000,000 increased on January 1 of each calendar year
from and including 1994 to and including 2003 by a number of shares equal to
one percent (1%) of the number of shares of Stock outstanding on December 31 of
the preceding year.  The maximum number of such shares which may be





LAW2:11704                                                             -5-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   6
issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs shall be 1,000,000 increased on January
1 of each calendar year from and including 1994 to and including 2003 by
1,000,000 shares.  The maximum number of such shares subject to options to
purchase Stock, SARs and Limited Rights under the Plan awarded to any one
Participant in any one calendar year may not exceed 3,500,000 shares plus
unused share amounts that could have been awarded to that Participant in
previous calendar years.

  Except as otherwise provided below, any shares of Stock subject to an Option
or other Award which is canceled or terminates without having been exercised
shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.  Shares subject to an
option canceled upon the exercise of an SAR shall not again be available for
Awards under the Plan except to the extent the SAR is settled in cash.  To the
extent that an Award is settled in cash, shares of Stock subject to that Award
shall again be available for Awards.  Shares of Stock tendered by a Participant
or withheld by the Company to pay the exercise price of an Option or to satisfy
the tax withholding obligations of the exercise or vesting of an Award shall be
available again for Awards under the Plan, but only to Nonreporting Persons.
Shares of Restricted Stock forfeited to the Company in accordance with the Plan
and the terms of the particular Award shall be available again for Awards under
the Plan unless the Participant has received the benefits of ownership (within
the applicable interpretation under





LAW2:11704                                                             -6-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   7
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act), in which case such shares may only be
available for Awards to Nonreporting Persons.

  No fractional shares shall be issued, and the Committee shall determine the
manner in which fractional share value shall be treated.

ARTICLE II
STOCK OPTIONS

2.1  Award of Stock Options
     ----------------------

  The Committee may, from time to time, subject to the provisions of the Plan
and such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe, award to
any Participant ISOs and NSOs to purchase Stock.

  The Committee may provide with respect to any option to purchase Stock that,
if the Participant, while an Eligible Person, exercises the option in whole or
in part using already-owned Stock, the Participant will, subject to this
Section 2.1 and such other terms and conditions as may be imposed by the
Committee, receive an additional option ("Reload Option").  The Reload Option
will be to purchase, at Fair Market Value as of the date the original option
was exercised, a number of shares of Stock equal to the number of whole shares
used by the Participant to exercise the original option.  The Reload Option
will be





LAW2:11704                                                             -7-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   8
exercisable only between the date of its grant and the date of expiration of
the original option.

  A Reload Option shall be subject to such additional terms and conditions as
the Committee shall approve, which terms may provide that the Committee may
cancel the Participant's right to receive the Reload Option and that the Reload
Option will be granted only if the Committee has not canceled such right prior
to the exercise of the original option.  Such terms may also provide that, upon
the exercise by a Participant of a Reload Option while an Eligible Person, an
additional Reload Option will be granted with respect to the number of whole
shares used to exercise the first Reload Option.

2.2  Stock Option Agreements
     -----------------------

  The award of an option shall be evidenced by a signed written agreement
("Stock Option Agreement") containing such terms and conditions as the
Committee may from time to time determine.

2.3  Option Price
     ------------

  The purchase price of Stock under each Option ("Option Price") shall be not
less than the Fair Market Value of such Stock on the date the Option is
awarded.





LAW2:11704                                                             -8-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   9
2.4  Exercise and Term of Options
     ----------------------------

(a)  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, Options shall become exercisable
at such time or times as the Committee may specify.  The Committee may at any
time and from time to time accelerate the time at which all or any part of the
Option may be exercised.

(b)  The Committee shall establish procedures governing the exercise of options
and shall require that notice of exercise be given.  Stock purchased on
exercise of an option must be paid for as follows: (1) in cash or by check
(acceptable to the Company in accordance with guidelines established for this
purpose), bank draft or money order payable to the order of the Company or (2)
if so provided by the Committee (not later than the time of grant, in the case
of an ISO) (i) through the delivery of shares of Stock which are then
outstanding and which have a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to
the exercise price, (ii) by delivery of an unconditional and irrevocable
undertaking by a broker to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to
pay the exercise price, or (iii) by any combination of the permissible forms of
payment.

2.5  Termination of Eligibility
     --------------------------

  In the event the Participant is no longer an Eligible Person and ceased to be
such as a result of termination of service to the Company with the consent of
the Committee or as a result of





LAW2:11704                                                             -9-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   10
his or her death, retirement or disability, each of his or her outstanding
Options shall be exercisable by the Participant (or his or her legal
representative or designated beneficiary), to the extent that such Option was
then exercisable, at any time prior to an expiration date established by the
Committee at the time of award, but in no event after such expiration date.  If
the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Person for any other reason, all of
the Participant's then outstanding Options shall terminate immediately.

ARTICLE III
STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS AND LIMITED RIGHTS

3.1  Award of Stock Appreciation Right
     ---------------------------------

(a)  An SAR is an Award entitling the recipient on exercise to receive an
amount, in cash or Stock or a combination thereof (such form to be determined
by the Committee), determined in whole or in part by reference to appreciation
in Stock value.

(b)  In general, an SAR entitles the Participant to receive, with respect to
each share of Stock as to which the SAR is exercised, the excess of the share's
Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over its Fair Market Value on the
date the SAR was granted.





LAW2:11704                                                            -10-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   11
(c)  SARs may be granted in tandem with options granted under the Plan ("Tandem
SARS") or independently of Options ("Independent SARs").  An SAR granted in
tandem with an NSO may be granted either at or after the time the option is
granted.  An SAR granted in tandem with an ISO may be granted only at the time
the option is granted.

(d)  SARs awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced by either a Stock Option
Agreement (when SARs are granted in tandem with an Option) or a separate
agreement between the Company and the Participant.

(e)  Except as otherwise provided herein, a Tandem SAR shall be exercisable
only at the same time and to the same extent and subject to the same conditions
as the option related thereto is exercisable, and the Committee may prescribe
additional conditions and limitations on the exercise of the SAR.  The exercise
of a Tandem SAR shall cancel the related Option.  Tandem SARs may be exercised
only when the Fair Market Value of Stock to which it relates exceeds the Option
Price.

(f)  Except as otherwise provided herein, an Independent SAR will become
exercisable at such time or times, and on such conditions, as the Committee may
specify, and the Committee may at any time accelerate the time at which all or
any part of the SAR may be exercised.





LAW2:11704                                                            -11-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   12
  The Committee may provide, under such terms and conditions as it may deem
appropriate, for the automatic grant of additional SARs upon the full or
partial exercise of an Independent SAR.

  Any exercise of an Independent SAR must be in writing, signed by the proper
person and delivered or mailed to the Company, accompanied by any other
documents required by the Committee.

(g)  Except as otherwise provided herein, all SARs shall automatically be
exercised on the last trading day prior to the expiration date established by
the Committee at the time of the award for the SAR, or, in the case of a Tandem
SAR, for the related Option, so long as exercise on such date will result in a
payment to the Participant.

(h)  Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, no SAR shall become
exercisable or shall be automatically exercised for six months following the
date on which it was granted or the effective date of the Plan, whichever is
later.

(i)  At the time of award of an SAR, the Committee may limit the amount of the
payment that may be made to a Participant upon the exercise of the SAR.  The
Committee may further determine that, if the amount to be received by a
Participant in any year is limited pursuant to this provision, payment of all
or a portion





LAW2:11704                                                            -12-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   13
of the amount that is unpaid as a result of the limitation may be made to the
Participant at a subsequent time.  No such limitation shall require a
Participant to return to the Company any amount theretofore received by him or
her upon the exercise of an SAR.

(j)  Payment of the amount to which a Participant is entitled upon the exercise
of an SAR shall be made in cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly in Stock,
as the Committee shall determine.  To the extent that payment is made in Stock,
the shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise
of the SAR.

(k)  Each SAR shall expire on a date determined by the Committee or earlier
upon the occurrence of the first of the following: (i) in the case of a Tandem
SAR, termination of the related option, (ii) expiration of a period of six
months after the Participant's ceasing to be an Eligible Person as a result of
termination of service to the Company with the consent of the Committee or as a
result of his or her death, retirement or disability, or (iii) the Participant
ceasing to be an Eligible Person for any other reason.

3.2  Limited Rights
     --------------

(a)  The Committee may award Limited Rights pursuant to the provisions of this
Section 3.2 to the holder of an Option to





LAW2:11704                                                            -13-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   14
purchase Common Stock granted under the Plan (a "Related Option") with respect
to all or a portion of the shares subject to the Related Option.  A Limited
Right may be exercised only during the period beginning on the first day
following a Change in Control, as defined in Section 7.2 of the Plan, and
ending on the thirtieth day following such date.  Each Limited Right shall be
exercisable only to the same extent that the Related Option is exercisable, and
in no event after the termination of the Related Option.  In no event shall a
Limited Right be exercised during the first six months after the date of grant
of the Limited Right or the effective date of the Plan, whichever is later.
Limited Rights shall be exercisable only when the Fair Market Value (determined
as of the date of exercise of the Limited Rights) of each share of Common Stock
with respect to which the Limited Rights are to be exercised shall exceed the
Option Price per share of Common Stock subject to the Related option.

(b)  Upon the exercise of Limited Rights, the Related Option shall be
considered to have been exercised to the extent of the number of shares of
Common Stock with respect to which such Limited Rights are exercised.  Upon the
exercise or termination of the Related Option, the Limited Rights with respect
to such Related Option shall be considered to have been exercised or terminated
to the extent of the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the
Related Option was so exercised or terminated.





LAW2:11704                                                            -14-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   15
(c)  The effective date of the grant of a Limited Right shall be the date on
which the Committee approves the grant of such Limited Right.  Each grantee of
a Limited Right shall be notified promptly of the grant of the Limited Right in
such manner as the Committee shall prescribe.

(d)  Upon the exercise of Limited Rights, the holder thereof shall receive in
cash an amount equal to the product computed by multiplying (i) the excess of
(a) the higher of (x) the Minimum Price Per Share (as hereinafter defined), or
(y) the highest reported closing sales price of a share of Common Stock on the
New York Stock Exchange at any time during the period beginning on the sixtieth
day prior to the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised and ending on
the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised, over (b) the Option Price
per share of Common Stock subject to the Related Option, by (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock with respect to which such Limited Rights are being
exercised.

(e)  For purposes of this Section 3.2, the term "Minimum Price Per Share" shall
mean the highest gross price (before brokerage commissions and soliciting
dealers' fees) paid or to be paid for a share of Common Stock (whether by way
of exchange, conversion, distribution upon liquidation or otherwise) in any
Change in Control which is in effect at any time during the period beginning on
the sixtieth day prior to the date on which such





LAW2:11704                                                            -15-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   16
Limited Rights are exercised and ending on the date on which such Limited
Rights are exercised.  For purposes of this definition, if the consideration
paid or to be paid in any such Change in Control shall consist, in whole or in
part, of consideration other than cash, the Board shall take such action, as in
its judgement it deems appropriate, to establish the cash value of such
consideration.

ARTICLE IV
PERFORMANCE AWARDS

4.1  Nature of Performance Awards
     ----------------------------

  A Performance Award provides for the recipient to receive an amount in cash
or Stock or a combination thereof (such form to be determined by the Committee)
following the attainment of Performance Goals.  Performance Goals may be
related to personal performance, corporate performance (including corporate
stock performance), departmental performance or any other category of
performance deemed by the Committee to be important to the success of the
Company.  The Committee shall determine the Performance Goals, the period or
periods during which performance is to be measured and all other terms and
conditions applicable to the Award.  Regardless of the degree to which
Performance Goals are attained, a Performance Award shall be paid only when, if
and to the extent that the Committee determines to make such payment.





LAW2:11704                                                            -16-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   17
4.2  Other Awards Subject to Performance Condition
     ---------------------------------------------

  The Committee may, at the time any Award described in this Plan is granted,
impose the condition (in addition to any conditions specified or authorized in
the Plan) that Performance Goals be met prior to the Participant's realization
of any payment or benefit under the Award.

ARTICLE V
RESTRICTED STOCK

5.1  Award of Restricted Stock
     -------------------------

  The Committee may award to any Participant shares of Stock subject to this
Article V and such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe,
such Stock referred to herein as "Restricted Stock."

  Each certificate for Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the
Participant and deposited by him or her, together with a stock power endorsed
in blank, with the Corporation.

5.2  Restricted Stock Agreement
     --------------------------

  Shares of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced by a
signed written agreement containing such terms and conditions as the Committee
may determine.





LAW2:11704                                                            -17-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   18
5.3  Restriction Period
     ------------------

  At the time of award, there shall be established for each Participant a
"Restriction Period" of such length as shall be determined by the Committee.
The Restriction Period may be waived by the Committee.  Shares of Restricted
Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered,
except as hereinafter provided, during the Restriction Period.  Subject to such
restriction on transfer, the Participant as owner of such shares of Restricted
Stock shall have the rights of the holder of such Restricted Stock, except that
the Committee may provide at the time of the Award that any dividends or other
distributions paid on such Stock during the Restriction Period shall be
accumulated and held by the Company and shall be subject to forfeiture under
Section 5.4.

  Upon the expiration or waiver by the Committee of the Restriction Period, the
Corporation shall redeliver to the Participant (or his or her legal
representative or designated beneficiary) the shares deposited pursuant to
Section 5.1.

5.4  Termination of Eligibility
     --------------------------

  In the event the Participant is no longer an Eligible Person and ceased to be
such as a result of termination of service to the Company with the consent of
the Committee, or as a result of his or her death, retirement or disability,
the restrictions imposed under this Article V shall lapse with respect to such





LAW2:11704                                                            -18-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   19
number of shares theretofore awarded to him or her as shall be determined by
the Committee.  All other shares of Restricted Stock theretofore awarded to him
or her which are still subject to restrictions, along with any dividends or
other distributions thereon that have been accumulated and held by the Company,
shall be forfeited, and the Corporation shall have the right to complete the
blank stock power.

  In the event the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Person for any other
reason, all shares of Restricted Stock theretofore awarded to him or her which
are still subject to restrictions, along with any dividend or other
distributions thereon that have been accumulated and held by the Company, shall
be forfeited, and the Corporation shall have the right to complete the blank
stock power.

ARTICLE VI
DEFERRAL OF PAYMENTS

6.1  Deferral of Amounts
     -------------------

  If the Committee makes a determination to designate Awards or, from time to
time, groups or types of Awards, eligible for deferral hereunder, a Participant
may, subject to such terms and conditions and within such limits as the
Committee may from time to time establish, elect to defer the receipt of
amounts due to him or her under the Plan.  Amounts so deferred are referred to





LAW2:11704                                                            -19-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   20
herein as "Deferred Amounts."  The Committee may also permit amounts now or
hereafter deferred or available for deferral under any present or future
incentive compensation program or deferral arrangement of the Company to be
deemed Deferred Amounts and to become subject to the provisions of this
Article.  Awards which are so deferred will be deemed to have been awarded in
cash and the cash deferred as Deferred Amounts.

  The period between the date on which the Participant's Deferred Amount would
have been payable absent deferral and the final payment of such Deferred Amount
shall be referred to herein as the "Deferral Period."

6.2  Investment During Deferral Period
     ---------------------------------

  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, and subject to such changes as
the Committee may determine, the Deferred Amount will be treated during the
Deferral Period as if it were invested in putative convertible debentures with
a fixed interest rate, compounded annually, for the entire Deferral Period.
For purposes of determining the value of the Deferred Amount at the time of
payment, each putative debenture will be deemed to be convertible into Common
Stock at a conversion rate computed by reference to the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the regular January meeting
of the Board of Directors on or preceding the date of deferral.  Payment





LAW2:11704                                                            -20-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   21
of Deferred Amounts may be made in cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly in
Stock, in the Committee's sole discretion.

6.3  Participant Reports
     -------------------

  Annually, each Participant who has a Deferred Amount will receive a report
setting forth all of his or her then Deferred Amounts and the yield thereon to
date.

6.4  Payment of Deferred Amounts
     ---------------------------

  Payment of Deferred Amounts will be made at such time or times, and may be in
cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly in Stock, as the Committee shall from
time to time determine.  The limitations respecting the issuance of Stock or
other limitations on aggregate awards payable contained in the Annual
Performance Plan of the Corporation, Article XVI of the by-laws of the
Corporation, the 1974 Stock Option Plan, the 1979 Stock Option and Long-Term
Incentive Plan, the 1984 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Plan and in any plan
hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall be limitations applicable to the
payment of any Deferred Amounts under this Article VI.

6.5  Alternative Valuation Election
     ------------------------------

  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant may, at a time
established by the Committee, but prior to such Participant's ceasing to be an
Eligible Person, elect to establish the ultimate payable value of each Deferred
Amount by





LAW2:11704                                                            -21-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   22
reference to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of the day on which
an alternate valuation election is received by the corporation in accordance
with procedures established by the Committee.

  Notwithstanding the establishment of the ultimate payable value resulting
from the alternate valuation election by the Participant, the yield will
continue as though no such election had been made and will continue to be
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.2, and Deferred Amounts and
the yield thereon will be paid as otherwise provided in this Article.

ARTICLE VII
CHANGES IN CONTROL

7.1  Effect of Change in Control
     ---------------------------

  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, upon the occurrence of a
Change in Control, as defined in Section 7.2: (i) all Options and, subject to
the exercise provisions of Section 3.2(a) of the Plan, Limited Rights, but not
SARS, outstanding and unexercised on the date of the Change in Control shall
become immediately exercisable; (ii) all Performance Awards shall be deemed to
have been earned on such basis as the Committee may prescribe and then paid on
such basis, at such time and in such form as the Committee may prescribe, or
deferred in accordance with the elections of Participants; (iii) all





LAW2:11704                                                            -22-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   23
Restricted Stock shall be deemed to be earned and the Restriction Period shall
be deemed expired on such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine;
and (iv) all amounts deferred under this Plan shall be paid to a trustee or
otherwise on such terms as the Committee may prescribe or permit.

7.2  Definition of Change in Control
     -------------------------------

  The term "Change in Control" means the occurrence of one or more of the
following events: (a) there shall be consummated (i) any consolidation or
merger of the Corporation in which the Corporation is not the continuing or
surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of the Common Stock would be
converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a merger of the
Corporation in which the holders of Common Stock immediately prior to the
merger have the same proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving
corporation immediately after the merger, or (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or
other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all,
or substantially all, of the assets of the Corporation, or (b) the stockholders
of the Corporation shall approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or
dissolution of the Corporation, or (c) (i) any person (as such term is defined
in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), corporation or other entity shall
purchase any Common Stock of the Corporation (or securities convertible into
Common Stock) for cash, securities or any other consideration pursuant to a
tender offer or exchange offer,





LAW2:11704                                                            -23-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   24
unless, prior to the making of such purchase of Common Stock (or securities
convertible into Common Stock), the Board shall determine that the making of
such purchase shall not constitute a Change in Control, or (ii) any person (as
such term is defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), corporation or
other entity (other than the Corporation or any benefit plan sponsored by the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries) shall be the "beneficial owner" (as
such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing twenty percent or
more of the combined voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding
securities ordinarily (and apart from any rights accruing under special
circumstances) having the right to vote in the election of directors
(calculated as provided in Rule 13d-3(d) in the case of rights to acquire any
such securities), unless, prior to such person so becoming such beneficial
owner, the Board shall determine that such person so becoming such beneficial
owner shall not constitute a Change in Control, or (d) at any time during any
period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such
period constituted the entire Board shall cease for any reason to constitute at
least a majority thereof, unless the election or nomination for election of
each new director during such two-year period was approved by a vote of at
least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at
the beginning of such two-year period.





LAW2:11704                                                            -24-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   25
ARTICLE VIII
GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1  Non-Transferability
     -------------------

  No Option, SAR, Performance Award or share of Restricted Stock or Deferred
Amount under the Plan shall be transferable by the Participant other than by
will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution.  All Awards and
Deferred Amounts shall be exercisable or received during the Participant's
lifetime only by such Participant or his or her legal representative.  Any
transfer contrary to this Section 8.1 will nullify the option, SAR, Performance
Award or share of Restricted Stock, and any attempted transfer of a Deferred
Amount contrary to this Section 8.1 will be void and of no effect.

8.2  Beneficiaries
     -------------

  The Committee may establish procedures not inconsistent with Section 8.1
under which a Participant may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to
receive amounts due under an Award or with respect to Deferred Amounts in the
event of the Participant's death.

8.3  Adjustments Upon Changes in Stock
     ---------------------------------

  If there shall be any change in the Stock of the Company, through merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split,
split up, dividend in kind or other





LAW2:11704                                                            -25-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   26
change in the corporate structure or distribution to the stockholders,
appropriate adjustments may be made by the Board of Directors of the Company
(or if the Company is not the surviving corporation in any such transaction,
the board of directors of the surviving corporation) in the aggregate number
and kind of shares subject to the Plan, and the number and kind of shares and
the price per share subject to outstanding Options or which may be issued under
outstanding Performance Awards or Awards of Restricted Stock.  Appropriate
adjustments may also be made by the Board of Directors or the Committee in the
terms of any Awards under the Plan to reflect such changes and to modify any
other terms of outstanding Awards on an equitable basis, including
modifications of performance targets and changes in the length of Performance
Periods.

8.4  Conditions of Awards
     --------------------

(a)  The rights of a Participant with respect to any Award received under this
Plan shall be subject to the conditions that, until the Participant has fully
received all payments, transfers and other benefits under the Award, he or she
shall (i) not engage, either directly or indirectly, in any manner or capacity
as advisor, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, employee, member of
any association or otherwise, in any business or activity which is at the time
competitive with any business or activity conducted by the Company and (ii) be
available, unless he or she shall have died, at reasonable times for
consultations





LAW2:11704                                                            -26-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   27
at the request of the Company's management with respect to phases of the
business with which he or she is or was actively connected during his or her
employment, but such consultations shall not (except in the case of a
Participant whose active service was outside the United States) be required to
be performed at any place or places outside of the United States of America or
during usual vacation periods or periods of illness or other incapacity.  In
the event that either of the above conditions is not fulfilled, the Participant
shall forfeit all rights to any unexercised option or SAR, or any Performance
Award or Stock held which has not yet been determined by the Committee to be
payable or unrestricted (and any unpaid amounts equivalent to dividends or
other distributions or amounts equivalent to interest relating thereto) as of
the date of the breach of condition.  Any determination by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, which shall act upon the recommendation of the
Chief Executive Officer, that the Participant is, or has, engaged in a
competitive business or activity as aforesaid or has not been available for
consultations as aforesaid shall be conclusive.

(b)  This Section 8.4 shall not apply to Limited Rights.

8.5  Use of Proceeds
     ---------------

  All cash proceeds from the exercise of options shall constitute general funds
of the Company.





LAW2:11704                                                            -27-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   28

8.6  Tax Withholding
     ---------------

  The Company will withhold from any cash payment made pursuant to an Award an
amount sufficient to satisfy all federal, state and local withholding tax
requirements (the "withholding requirements").

     In the case of an Award pursuant to which Stock may be delivered, the
Committee will have the right to require that the Participant or other
appropriate person remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the
withholding requirements, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the
Committee with regard to such requirements, prior to the delivery of any Stock.
If and to the extent that such withholding is required, the Committee may
permit the Participant or such other person to elect at such time and in such
manner as the Committee provides to have the Company hold back from the shares
to be delivered, or to deliver to the Company, Stock having a value calculated
to satisfy the withholding requirement.  In the alternative, the Committee may,
at the time of grant of any such Award, require that the Company withhold from
any shares to be delivered Stock with a value calculated to satisfy applicable
tax withholding requirements.

  If at the time an ISO is exercised the Committee determines that the Company
could be liable for withholding requirements with respect to a disposition of
the Stock received upon exercise, the Committee may require as a condition of
exercise





LAW2:11704                                                            -28-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   29
that the person exercising the ISO agree (i) to inform the Company promptly of
any disposition of Stock received upon exercise, and (ii) to give such security
as the Committee deems adequate to meet the potential liability of the Company
for the withholding requirements and to augment such security from time to time
in any amount reasonably deemed necessary by the Committee to preserve the
adequacy of such security.

8.7  Non-Uniform Determinations
     --------------------------

  The Committee's determinations under the Plan, including without limitation,
(i) the determination of the Participants to receive Awards, (ii) the form,
amount, timing and payment of such Awards, (iii) the terms and provisions of
such Awards and (iv) the agreements evidencing the same, need not be uniform
and may be made by it selectively among Participants who receive, or who are
eligible to receive, Awards under the Plan, whether or not such Participants
are similarly situated.

8.8  Leaves of Absence; Transfers
     ----------------------------

  The Committee shall be entitled to make such rules, regulations and
determinations as it deems appropriate under the Plan in respect to any leave
of absence from the Company granted to a Participant.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Committee shall be entitled to determine (i)
whether or not any such leave of absence shall be treated as if the Participant
ceased to be an Employee and (ii) the impact,





LAW2:11704                                                            -29-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   30
if any, of any such leave of absence on Awards under the Plan.  In the event a
Participant transfers within the Company, such Participant shall not be deemed
to have ceased to be an Employee for purposes of the Plan.

8.9  General Restriction
     -------------------

(a)  Each Award under the Plan shall be subject to the condition that, if at
any time the Committee shall determine that (i) the listing, registration or
qualification of shares of Stock upon any securities exchange or under any
state or federal law, (ii) the consent or approval of any government or
regulatory body or (iii) an agreement by the Participant with respect thereto,
is necessary or desirable, then such Award shall not be consummated in whole or
in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or
agreement shall have been effected or obtained free from any conditions not
acceptable to the Committee.

(b)  Shares of Common Stock for use under the provisions of this Plan shall not
be issued until they have been duly listed, upon official notice of issuance,
upon the New York Stock Exchange and such other exchanges, if any, as the Board
of Directors of the Corporation shall determine, and a registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to such shares shall have become,
and be, effective.





LAW2:11704                                                            -30-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   31
8.10 Effective Date
     --------------

  The Plan shall be effective on the date on which it is approved by the common
stockholders of the Corporation.  Grants of Awards under the Plan may be made
prior to that date (but not before the date on which the Plan is adopted by the
Board of Directors), subject to such approval.

  No Award may be granted under the Plan after May 25, 2003, but Awards
previously made may extend beyond that date and Reload Options and additional
Reload Options provided for with respect to original options outstanding prior
to that date may continue unless the Committee otherwise provides and subject
to such additional terms and conditions as the Committee may provide except
that all Reload Options issued after that date shall be NSOs, and the
provisions of Article VI of the Plan shall survive and remain effective as to
all present and future Deferred Amounts until such later date as the Committee
or the Board of Directors shall determine.

  The adoption of the Plan shall not preclude the adoption by appropriate means
of any other stock option or other incentive plan for employees.

8.11 Amendment, Suspension and Termination of Plan
     ---------------------------------------------

  The Board of Directors may at any time or times amend the Plan for any
purpose which may at the time be permitted by law,





LAW2:11704                                                            -31-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   32
or may at any time suspend or terminate the Plan as to any further grants of
Awards, provided that (except to the extent expressly required or permitted by
the Plan) no such amendment shall, without the approval of the stockholders of
the Corporation, effectuate a change for which stockholder approval is required
in order for the Plan to continue to qualify under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under
Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

8.12 Certain Definitions
     -------------------

(a)  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the terms "retirement" and
"disability" as used under the Plan shall be construed by reference to the
provisions of the Westinghouse Pension Plan or other similar plan or program of
the Company applicable to a Participant.

(b)  The term "Fair Market Value" as it relates to Common Stock means the mean
of the high and low prices of the Common Stock as reported by the Composite
Tape of the New York Stock Exchange (or such successor reporting system as
shall be selected by the Committee) on the relevant date or, if no sale of the
Common Stock shall have been reported for that day, the average of such prices
on the next preceding day and the next following day for which there were
reported sales.  The term "Fair Market Value" as it relates to Formula Value
Stock shall mean the value determined by the Committee.





LAW2:11704                                                            -32-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   33
(c)  The term "Subsidiary" shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires,
any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of
corporations beginning with the corporation if each of the corporations other
than the last corporation in such chain owns stock possessing at least 50% of
the voting power in one of the other corporations in such chain.

(d)  "Formula Value Stock" means shares of a class or classes of stock the
value of which is derived from a formula established by the Committee which
reflects such financial measures as the Committee shall determine.  Such shares
shall have such other characteristics as shall be determined at time of their
authorization.





LAW2:11704                                                            -33-
2/28/96
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.C
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 Exhibit 10(c)

                         1984 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                      (as amended as of February 28, 1996)

ARTICLE I
GENERAL

1.1 Purpose:
    --------

         The purpose of the 1984 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Plan) for key
employees of Westinghouse Electric Corporation (Corporation) and its
Subsidiaries (the Corporation, its operating units and its Subsidiaries
severally and collectively referred to hereinafter as the Company) are to
foster and promote the long-term financial success of the Company and
materially increase stockholder value by (i) attracting and retaining
executives of outstanding ability, (ii) strengthening the company's capability
to develop, maintain and direct a competent management team, (iii) motivating
executives, by means of performance-related incentives, to achieve long-range
performance goals, (iv) providing incentive compensation opportunities
competitive with those of other major companies and (v) enabling executives to
participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Company.

1.2  Administration:
     ---------------

(a)  The Plan shall be administered by a committee of the Board of Directors
(Committee) which shall consist of three or more members.  Each member shall be
a "disinterested person", as that term is defined by Rule 16b-3(d)(3)
promulgated under the


                                        -1-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   2
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The members shall be appointed by the Board
of Directors, and any vacancy on the Committee shall be filled by the Board of
Directors.

         The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings and of any action
taken by it without a meeting.  A majority of the Committee shall constitute a
quorum, and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the acts of the Committee.  Any action that
may be taken at a meeting of the Committee may be taken without a meeting if a
consent or consents in writing setting forth the action so taken shall be
signed by all of the members of the Committee.  The Committee shall make
appropriate reports to the Board of Directors concerning the operations of the
Plan.

(b)      Subject to the limitations of the Plan, the Committee shall have the
sole and complete authority: (i) to select from the regular, full-time salaried
employees of the Company who are exempt from the minimum wage and overtime
provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (Employee or
Employees), those who shall participate in the Plan (Participant or
Participants), (ii) to make awards in such forms and amounts as it shall
determine, (iii) to impose such limitations, restrictions and conditions upon
such awards as it shall deem appropriate, (iv) to interpret the Plan and to
adopt, amend and rescind administrative guidelines and other rules and
regulations relating





                                        -2-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   3
to the Plan and (v) to make all other determinations and to take all other
actions necessary or advisable for the implementation and administration of the
Plan.  The Committee's determinations on matters within its authority shall be
conclusive and binding upon the Company and all other persons.

(c)       The Committee shall act on behalf of the Corporation as sponsor of
the Plan and on behalf of any subsidiary issuing stock under the Plan, subject
to appropriate action by the board of directors of any such Subsidiary.  All
expenses associated with the Plan shall be borne by the Corporation subject to
such allocation to its Subsidiaries and operating units as it deems
appropriate.

1.3      Selection for Participation:
         ----------------------------

         Participants shall be selected by the Committee from the employees who
occupy responsible managerial or professional positions and who have the
capacity to contribute to the success of the Company.  In making this selection
and in determining the form and amount of awards, the Committee may give
consideration to the functions and responsibilities of the employee, his or her
past, present and potential contributions to the Company's profitability and
sound growth, the value of his or her services to the Company and other factors
deemed relevant by the Committee.





                                        -3-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   4
1.4      Types of Awards under Plan:
         ---------------------------

         Awards under the Plan may be in the form of any one or more of the
following (i) Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) and Non-statutory Stock Options
(NSOs) (options), Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs), as described in Article II,
(ii) Performance Units and Performance Shares (Performance Units or Performance
Shares) as described in Article III, (iii) Restricted Stock (Restricted Stock)
as described in Article IV and (iv) rights to purchase Convertible Debentures
(Debentures) as described in Article V.

1.5      Shares Subject to the Plan:
         ---------------------------

         Shares of stock issued under the Plan may be in whole or in part
authorized and unissued or treasury shares of the Corporation's common stock,
par value $1.00 (Common Stock), or Formula Value Stock, as defined in Section
7.6 (Formula Value Stock).  The maximum number of shares of Common Stock and
Formula Value Stock which may be issued for all purposes under the Plan shall
be 13,200,000.  Any shares of Stock that are used by a Participant as full or
partial payment to the Corporation of the purchase price of shares of Stock
acquired upon exercise of an option shall be made available for future awards
under the Plan.  Further, any shares of Stock subject to an option which for
any reason is cancelled (excluding shares subject to an Option cancelled upon
the exercise of a related SAR) or terminated without having been exercised, or
any shares of Restricted Stock or Performance Shares which are forfeited, shall
again be





                                        -4-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   5
available for awards under the Plan.  Shares subject to an option cancelled
upon the exercise of an SAR shall not again be available for awards under the
Plan.  No fractional shares shall be issued, and the Committee shall determine
the manner in which fractional share value shall be treated.  Common Stock,
Putative Common Stock, Restricted Stock, and Formula Value Stock are
collectively referred to herein as "Stock".

ARTICLE II
STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

2.1      Award of Stock Options:
         -----------------------

         The Committee may, from time to time, subject to the provisions of the
Plan and such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe, award
to any Participant ISOs and NSOs to purchase Common Stock or Formula Value
Stock.

         The Committee may, effective as of the date of exercise by a
Participant of all or part of an option using already-owned Common Stock, grant
an additional option (reload option) to purchase at the fair market value as of
the date of said exercise, the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
sum of the number of whole shares used by the Participant in payment of the
purchase price.  A reload option shall only be available during the period the
Participant is an employee of the Company.  The reload option may be exercised
between the date of its grant and the date of





                                        -5-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   6
expiration of the underlying option to which the reload option relates.  The
reload option shall be evidenced by an agreement containing such additional
terms and conditions as the Committee shall approve, which conditions may
provide that upon the exercise of any reload option, an additional reload
option may be granted with respect to the number of whole shares used to
exercise the reload option.

2.2      Stock Option Agreements:
         ------------------------

         The award of an Option shall be evidenced by a signed written
agreement (Stock option Agreement) containing such terms and conditions as the
Committee may from time to time determine.

2.3      Option Price:
         -------------

         Purchase price of Common Stock or Formula Value Stock under each
Option (Option Price) shall be not less than the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock or Formula Value Stock, as the case may be, on the date the Option
is awarded.

2.4      Exercise and Term of Options:
         -----------------------------

(a)      Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the Stock Option
Agreement and subject to the limitations set forth in section 2.5, an option
awarded under the Plan shall become exercisable in whole or in part after the
commencement of the second year of its specified term and thereafter may be
exercised





                                        -6-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   7
in whole or in part at any time before it terminates under the provisions of
the Plan.

(b)      The Committee shall establish procedures governing the exercise of
options and shall require that notice of exercise be given.  Stock purchased
upon exercise of an option must be paid for as follows: (1) in cash or by check
(acceptable to the Company in accordance with guidelines established for this
purpose), bank draft or money order payable to the order of the Company or (2)
if so provided by the Committee (not later than the time of grant, in the case
of an ISO) (i) through the delivery of shares of Stock which are then
outstanding and which have a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to
the exercise price, (ii) by delivery of an unconditional and irrevocable
undertaking by a broker to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to
pay the exercise price, or (iii) by any combination of the permissible forms of
payment.  As soon as practicable after receipt of each notice and full payment,
the Company shall deliver to the Participant a certificate or certificates
representing the acquired shares of Common Stock or Formula Value Stock.  The
exercise of an Option shall cancel any related SAR.

2.5      Limitations on ISOs:
         --------------------

         No Participant shall be awarded, in any one calendar year under this
Plan and under all plans of the Company, ISOs covering stock with an aggregate
Fair Market Value (determined as of the





                                        -7-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   8
time the ISOs are granted) in excess of $100,000 plus any "unused limit
carryover" to such year for such Participant, as provided in Section 422A of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, or such other limit as may be
imposed by law in substitution thereof.

2.6      Termination of Employment:
         --------------------------

         In the event the Participant ceases to be an employee with the consent
of the Committee or upon his death, retirement or disability, each of his
outstanding Options shall be exercisable by the Participant (or his legal
representative or designated beneficiary), to the extent that such option was
then exercisable, at any time prior to an expiration date established by the
Committee at the time of award, but in no event after its respective expiration
date.  If the Participant ceases to be an employee for any other reason, all of
the Participant's then outstanding options shall terminate immediately.

2.7      Award of Stock Appreciation Rights:
         -----------------------------------

(a)      At any time prior to six months before an option's expiration date,
the Committee may award to the Participant an SAR related  to the Option.

(b)      The SAR shall represent the right to receive payment of a sum not to
exceed the amount, if any, by which the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
or Formula Value Stock, as the case may be, on the date of exercise of the SAR
exceeds the Option Price.





                                        -8-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   9
(c)       SARs awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced by either the Stock
option Agreement or a separate agreement between the Company and the
Participant.

(d)      An SAR shall be exercisable only at the same time and to the same
extent and subject to the same conditions as the Option related thereto is
exercisable, except that (i) the Committee may prescribe additional conditions
and limitations on the exercise of any SAR and (ii) no SAR shall be exercisable
for six months after the date of award.  The exercise of an SAR shall cancel
the related Option.  SARs may be exercised only when the Fair Market Value of a
share of Common Stock or Formula Value Stock, as the case may be, exceeds the
Option Price.

(e)      All SARs shall automatically be exercised on the last trading day
prior to the expiration of the related ISO or NSO, so long as the Fair Market
Value on such date exceeds the specified option Price.

(f)      At the time of award of an SAR, the Committee may limit the amount of
the payment that may be made to a Participant upon the exercise of the SAR.
The Committee may further determine that, if the amount to be received by a
Participant in any year is limited pursuant to this provision, payment of all
or a portion of the amount reduced may be made to the Participant at a
subsequent time.  No such limitation shall require a Participant to return to
the Company any amount theretofore received by him upon the exercise of an SAR.





                                        -9-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   10

(g)      Payment of the amount to which a Participant is entitled upon the
exercise of an SAR shall be made in cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly
in Stock, as the Committee shall determine.  To the extent that payment is made
in Stock, the shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of
exercise of the SAR.

(h)      Each SAR shall expire on a date determined by the Committee at the
time of award, or earlier upon the occurrence of the first of the following:
(i) termination of the related option, (ii) expiration of a period of six
months after the later of either (1) the Participant ceasing to be an employee
with the consent of the Committee or upon his death, retirement or disability
or (2) termination of the Participant's service as a director of the
corporation or (iii) the Participant ceasing to be an employee for any other
reason.

2.8      Limited Stock Appreciation Rights:
         ----------------------------------

(a)      The Committee may award limited stock appreciation rights (Limited
Rights) pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph to the holder of an Option
granted under the Plan (a related option) with respect to all or a portion of
the shares subject to the related option.  A Limited Right may be exercised
only during the





                                        -10-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   11
period beginning on the first day following a Change in Control, as defined in
Section 7.6(g) of the Plan, and ending on the thirtieth day following such
date.  Each Limited Right shall be exercisable only to the same extent the
related option is exercisable, and in no event after the determination of the
related option.  In no event shall a Limited Right be exercised during the
first six months after the date of grant of the Limited Right.  Limited Rights
shall be exercisable only when the fair market value (determined as of the date
of exercise of the Limited Rights) of each share of Common Stock with respect
to which the Limited Rights are to be exercised shall exceed the option price
per share of Common Stock subject to the related option.

(b)      Upon the exercise of Limited Rights, the related option shall be
considered to have been exercised to the extent of the number of shares of
Common Stock with respect to which such Limited Rights are exercised, and shall
be considered to have been exercised to that extent for purposes of determining
the number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of options under
the Plan.  Upon the exercise or termination of the related option, the Limited
Rights with respect to such related option shall be considered to have been
exercised or terminated to the extent of the number of shares of Common Stock
with respect to which the related option was so exercised or terminated.





                                        -11-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   12
(c)      Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.3, the provisions of the
Plan shall also be applicable to Limited Rights unless the context otherwise
requires.  The effective date of the grant of a Limited Right shall be the date
on which the Committee approves the grant of such Limited Right.  Each grantee
of a Limited Right shall be notified promptly of the grant of the Limited Right
in such manner as the Committee shall prescribe.

(d)      Upon the exercise of Limited Rights, the holder thereof shall receive
in cash an amount equal to the product computed by multiplying (i) the excess
of (a) the higher of (x) the Minimum Price Per Share (as hereinafter defined),
or (y) highest reported closing sales price of a share of Common Stock on the
New York Stock Exchange at any time during the period beginning on the sixtieth
day prior to the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised and ending on
the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised, over (b) the option price
per share of Common Stock subject to the related option, by (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock with respect to which such Limited Rights are being
exercised.

(e)      For purposes of this Section 2.8, the term "Minimum Price Per Share"
shall mean the highest gross price (before brokerage commissions and soliciting
dealers' fees) paid or to be paid for a share of Common Stock (whether by way
of exchange, conversion, distribution upon liquidation or otherwise) in any
Change in





                                        -12-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   13
Control which is in effect at any time during the period beginning on the
sixtieth day prior to the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised and
ending on the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised.  For purposes of
this definition, if the consideration paid or to be paid in any such Change in
Control shall consist, in whole or in part, of consideration other than cash,
the Board shall take such action, as in its judgement it deems appropriate, to
establish the cash value of such consideration.

ARTICLE III
PERFORMANCE SHARES AND UNITS

3.1      Award of Performance Units and Performance Shares:
         --------------------------------------------------

         The Committee may award to any Participant Performance Shares and
Performance Units (Performance Award or Performance Awards).  Each Performance
Share shall represent, as the Committee shall determine, one Share of the
Stock.  Each Performance Unit shall represent the right of a Participant to
receive an amount equal to the value determined in the manner established by
the Committee at time of award, which value may, without limitation, be equal
to the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock.

3.2      Performance Unit and Performance Share Agreements:
         --------------------------------------------------

         Each Performance Award under the Plan shall be evidenced by a signed
written agreement containing such terms and conditions as the committee may
determine.





                                        -13-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   14
3.3      Establishment of Performance Accounts:
         --------------------------------------

         At the time of award, the Company shall establish an account
(Performance Account) for each Participant.  Performance Units and Performance
Shares awarded to a Participant shall be credited to the Participant's
Performance Account.  Performance Shares in the form of Restricted Stock shall
be registered in the name of the Participant and deposited, together with a
stock power endorsed in blank, with the Corporation; at such time the
Participant's Performance Account will be credited.

3.4      Performance Period and Targets:
         -------------------------------

(a)      The performance period for each award of Performance Shares and
Performance Units shall be of such duration as the Committee shall establish at
the time of award (Performance Period).  There may be more than one award in
existence at any one time, and Performance Periods may differ.

(b)      At the time of each Performance Award, the Committee shall establish
superior and satisfactory performance targets to be achieved within the
Performance Period.  The superior and satisfactory performance targets shall be
determined by the Committee using such measures of the performance of the
Company over the Performance Period as it shall select.  Attainment of superior
performance target in respect of a Performance Period shall earn 100% of the
related Performance Award.  Failure to meet the satisfactory performance target
will earn no Performance





                                        -14-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   15
Award.  Performance Awards will be earned as determined by the Committee in
respect of a Performance Period in relation to the degree of attainment of
performance between the superior and satisfactory performance targets.

3.5      Rights and Benefits During Performance Period:
         ----------------------------------------------

(a)      The Committee may provide that amounts equivalent to dividends paid
shall be payable with respect to each Performance Share awarded, and that
amounts equivalent to interest at such rates as the Committee may determine
shall be payable with respect to amounts equivalent to dividends previously
credited to the Participant's Performance Account.

(b)      The Committee may provide that amounts equivalent to interest at such
rates as the Committee may determine shall be payable with respect to
Performance Units.

(c)      All amounts payable pursuant to this section shall be credited to the
Participant's Performance Account.

3.6      Payment Respecting Performance Awards:
         --------------------------------------

(a)      Performance Awards shall be earned to the extent that the terms and
conditions of the Plan are met.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Performance
Shares, Performance Units and any other amounts credited to the Participant's
Performance Account shall be





                                        -15-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   16
payable to the Participant only when, if and to the extent that the Committee
determines to make such payment.

(b)      All payment determinations shall be made by the Committee during the
first four months following the end of the Performance Period.  If such
determinations are not made during such four-month period, the Performance
Shares and Performance Units awarded in connection with that Performance Period
shall terminate and be canceled and related dividends or amounts equivalent to
dividends and any amounts equivalent to interest shall be forfeited.

(c)      The Participant may, other than with respect to those Performance
Shares or Performance Units awarded in the form of Restricted Stock, elect, not
later than October 31 of the last year of the Performance Period applicable to
such Performance Shares or Performance Units, to defer any payment respecting
an award of Performance Shares or Performance units pursuant to Article VI
hereof.

3.7      Forms of Payment:
         -----------------

(a)      Payment for Performance Shares and any related dividends, amounts
equivalent to dividends and amounts equivalent to interest may be made in a
lump sum or in installments, in cash, Stock, Debentures or in a combination
thereof as the Committee may





                                        -16-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   17
determine.  Performance Shares paid in the form of Restricted Stock shall be
redelivered to the Participant.

(b)      Payment for Performance Units and any related amounts equivalent to
interest may be made in a lump sum or in installments, in cash, Stock,
Debentures or in a combination thereof as the Committee may determine.

3.8      Termination of Employment:
         --------------------------

         In the event the Participant ceases to be an employee before the end
of any Performance Period with the consent of the committee, or upon his death,
retirement or disability before the end of any Performance Period, the
Committee, taking into consideration the performance of such Participant and
the performance of the Company over the Performance Period, may authorize the
payment to such Participant (or his legal representative or designated
beneficiary) of all or a portion of the amount which would have been paid to
him had he continued as an employee to the end of the Performance Period.  In
the event a Participant ceases to be an employee for any other reason, all
Performance Shares, Performance Units and all amounts credited to his
Performance Account shall be forfeited.





                                        -17-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   18
ARTICLE IV
RESTRICTED STOCK

4.1      Award of Restricted Stock:
         --------------------------

         The Committee may award to any Participant shares of Common Stock,
Putative Common Stock or Formula Value Stock subject to this Article IV and
such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe, such shares
being herein called "Restricted Stock".

         Each certificate for Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name
of the Participant and deposited by him, together with a stock power endorsed
in blank, with the Corporation.

4.2      Restricted Stock Agreement:
         ---------------------------

         Shares of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced
by a signed written agreement containing such terms and conditions as the
Committee may determine.

4.3      Restriction Period:
         -------------------

         At the time of award there shall be established for each Participant a
"Restriction Period" of such length as shall be determined by the Committee.
Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or
otherwise encumbered, except as hereinafter provided, during the Restriction
Period.  Except for such restriction on transfer, the Participant as owner





                                        -18-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   19
of such shares of Restricted stock shall have all the rights of a holder of
such Restricted Stock.

         At the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Corporation shall
redeliver to the Participant (or his legal representative or designated
beneficiary) the shares deposited pursuant to Section 4.1.

4.4      Termination of Employment:
         --------------------------

         In the event the Participant ceases to be an employee with the consent
of the Committee, or upon his death, retirement or disability, the restrictions
imposed under this Article IV shall lapse with respect to such number of shares
theretofore awarded to him as shall be determined by the Committee, but, in no
event less than a number equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator
of which is the number of completed months elapsed after the date of award of
the Restricted Stock to the Participant to the date of termination and the
denominator of which is the number of months in the Restriction Period and (ii)
the number of shares of Restricted Stock.

         In the event the Participant ceases to be an employee for any other
reason, all shares of Restricted Stock theretofore awarded to him which are
still subject to restrictions shall be forfeited and the Corporation shall have
the right to complete the blank stock power.





                                        -19-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   20
ARTICLE V
CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

5.1      Award of Rights to Purchase Convertible Debentures:
         ---------------------------------------------------

         The Committee may award to any Participant the right to purchase
         Convertible Debentures on such terms and conditions as the Committee
         shall determine.  The purchase price per Debenture shall be its face
         amount, which shall equal its Fair Market Value.  The Participant
         shall retain the right to purchase Debentures for such period as the
         Committee shall determine at the time of award, but in no event for
         longer than four years from date of award.

5.2      Convertible Debenture Agreements:
         ---------------------------------

         The Debentures are to be issued pursuant to a signed written agreement
and any agreement supplemental thereto (collectively, a Convertible Debenture
Agreement) containing such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine.
The Debentures are to be issued in series; each series may be issued under a
separate Convertible Debenture Agreement, or two or more series may be issued
under a single Convertible Debenture Agreement.

         The Convertible Debenture Agreement may provide that a Participant may
pledge Debentures as security to provide all or a part of the financing
necessary to purchase the Debentures upon providing the Company with written
notice of the pledge.  The





                                        -20-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   21
conversion privilege will not be exercisable during such times as the Debenture
is pledged, and at all other times shall be exercisable only by the Participant
(or his legal representative or designated beneficiary).

5.3  Terms and Conditions of the Debentures:
     ---------------------------------------

(a)  Each Debenture will be due upon the earliest of (i) five years from the
date of issuance, (ii) such date as the Committee shall determine at time of
award or (iii) such date as the Company redeems a series of Debentures or
prepays an individual Debenture (Due Date).  The Committee may extend the term
of a series for any period of time up to ten years without stockholder
approval, as shall be set forth in the Convertible Debenture Agreement for that
series.  The Debentures shall be issued in denominations equal to fair market
value and will accrue interest, from the date of issuance, at the rate, which
may be fixed or variable, set by the Committee at the time of award.

(b)      Debentures will be convertible into fully paid and nonassessable
shares Of Common Stock or Formula Value Stock or such other type of securities,
which may immediately be convertible into Common Stock, as the Committee shall
determine at time of award, at any time after one year from the date of
issuance and to the extent the terms and conditions of the award and the Plan
are met, but in no event later than the Due Date.  The conversion rate of a
Debenture shall be set by reference to





                                        -21-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   22
the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock or Formula Value Stock on the last
trading day prior to the date of issuance (and not thereafter adjusted).

5.4      Termination of Employment:
         --------------------------

         In the event the Participant ceases to be an employee with the consent
of the Committee, or upon his death, retirement or disability, the Participant
(or his legal representative or designated beneficiary) may convert all or a
part of the Debentures, to the extent such Debentures were then convertible,
for such period as the Committee shall determine at the time of award.  In the
event a Debenture is not converted within the time allowed under this Section
5.4, the Company may prepay the Debenture.  In the event the Participant ceases
to be an employee for any other reason, all of the Participant's then
outstanding conversion rights shall terminate immediately.

ARTICLE VI
DEFERRAL OF PAYMENTS

6.1      Election to Defer:
         ------------------

         A Participant may elect, no later than October 31 of the last year of
the Performance Period, to defer all or a portion of his Performance Award
within deferral limits established by the Committee  (Deferred  Amount).  The
Committee may permit amounts now or hereafter deferred or available for
deferral under any





                                        -22-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   23
present or future incentive compensation program or deferral arrangement of the
Company to be deemed Deferred Amounts and to  become subject to the provisions
of this Article.

         All Deferred Amounts will be subject to such terms and conditions as
the  Committee  may  from  time  to  time  establish.

6.2      Deferral Period:
         ----------------

         The Participant may elect to receive payment of Deferred Amounts and
any yield thereon either before or after retirement in a lump sum or in
installments.  Upon the death of a Participant, payment of any amounts
hereunder shall be made to the Participant's designated beneficiary or estate
(in the absence of a designated beneficiary) in the manner elected by the
Participant or (in the event the Participant made no election) in the manner
determined by the Committee.

         The period between the date the Participant's Deferred Amount becomes
payable and the final payment of such Deferred Amount hereunder shall be known
as the "Deferral Period."

6.3      Investment During Deferral Period:
         ----------------------------------

         Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Deferral Amount will
be treated as if it had been invested in putative debentures.  Each putative
debenture will be deemed to be





                                        -23-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   24
convertible into Common Stock at a conversion rate computed by reference to the
Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the
regular January meeting of the Board of Directors.  The yield to be paid by the
Company on Deferred Amounts, whatever the form of investment selected by the
Committee, shall not exceed the higher of (i) the market rate available from
time to time on such investment or (ii) the rate of return on equity of the
Corporation or any relevant Subsidiary as determined by the Committee.

6.4      Participant Reports:
         --------------------

         Annually, each Participant who has a Deferred Amount will receive a
report setting forth all then Deferred Amounts and the yield thereon to date.

6.5      Payment of Deferred Amounts:
         ----------------------------

         Unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Participant, payment of
Deferred Amounts will be made at such time or times, and may be in cash, Stock,
or partly in cash and partly in Stock, as the Committee shall determine.  The
limitations respecting the issuance of Stock or other limitations on aggregate
awards payable contained in Article XVI of the by-laws of the Corporation, in
the 1974 Stock Option Plan, 1979 Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan, the
Plan and in any plan hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall be limitations
applicable to the payment of any Deferred Amounts under this Article VI.





                                        -24-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   25
6.6      Alternate Valuation Election:
         -----------------------------

         A Participant may, at a time established by the Committee but prior to
such Participant ceasing to be an Employee, elect to establish the ultimate
payable value of each Deferred Amount by reference to the Fair Market Value of
the Stock as of the day on which notice of the alternate valuation election is
received by the Corporation in accordance with the procedures established by
the Committee.

         Notwithstanding the establishment of the ultimate payable value
resulting from the alternate valuation election by the Participant, the yield
will continue as though no such election has been made and will continue to be
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.3, and Deferred Amounts and
the yield thereon will be paid as otherwise provided in this Article.

ARTICLE VII
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

7.1      Non-Transferability:
         --------------------

         No Option, SAR, Performance Share, Performance Unit, share of
Restricted Stock or Debenture award under the Plan shall be transferable by the
Participant otherwise than by will or, if the Participant dies intestate, by
the laws of descent and distribution.  All awards shall be exercisable or
received during the Participant's lifetime only by such Participant or his
legal





                                        -25-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   26
representative.  Any transfer contrary to this Section 7.1 will nullify the
Option, SAR, Performance Share, Performance Unit or share of Restricted Stock
and will nullify the conversion right of a Debenture.

7.2      Adjustments Upon Changes in Stock:
         ----------------------------------

         If there shall be any change in the Stock of the Company, through
merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock
split, spinoff, split up, dividend in kind or other change in the corporate
structure or distribution to the stockholders, appropriate adjustments may be
made by the Board of Directors of the Company (or if the Company is not the
surviving corporation in any such transaction, the board of directors of the
surviving corporation) in the aggregate number and kind of shares subject to
the Plan, and the number and kind of shares and the price per share subject to
outstanding Options or which may be issued under Outstanding Performance Shares
or awards of Restricted Stock.  Appropriate adjustments may also be made by the
Board of Directors or the Committee in the terms of any awards under the Plan
to reflect such changes and to modify any other terms of outstanding awards on
an equitable basis, including modifications of performance targets and changes
in the length of Performance Periods.





                                        -26-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   27
7.3      Conditions on Awards:
         ---------------------

         In the event that the employment of a Participant holding any
unexercised Option or SAR, or any unearned right to purchase or conversion
right under a Debenture or unearned Performance Award or Stock shall terminate
with the consent of the Committee or by reason of retirement or disability, the
rights of such Participant to any such Option, SAR, Debenture, Performance
Award or Stock shall be subject to the conditions that until any such Option or
SAR is exercised, or any such conversion right, Purchase right, Performance
Award or Stock is earned, he shall (i) not engage, either directly or
indirectly, in any manner or capacity as advisor, principal, agent, partner,
officer, director, employee, member of any association or otherwise, in any
business or activity which is at the time competitive with any business or
activity conducted by the Company and (ii) be available, unless he shall have
died, at reasonable times for consultations at the request of the Company's
management with respect to phases of the business with which he was actively
connected during his employment, but such consultations shall not (except in
the case of a Participant whose active service was outside the United States)
be required to be performed at any place or places outside of the United States
of America or during usual vacation periods or periods of illness or other
incapacity. In the event that either of the above conditions is not fulfilled,
the Participant shall forfeit all rights to any unexercised Option or SAR, or
any unearned conversion right, purchase right, Performance Award or





                                        -27-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   28
Stock held (and any unpaid amounts equivalent to dividends or amounts
equivalent to interest relating thereto) as of the date of the breach of
condition.  Any determination by the Board of Directors of the Corporation,
which shall act upon the recommendation of the Chairman, that the Participant
is, or has, engaged in a competitive business or activity as aforesaid or has
not been available for consultations as aforesaid shall be conclusive.

7.4      Use of Proceeds:
         ----------------

         All cash proceeds from the exercise of options or the sale of
Debentures shall constitute general funds of the Company.

7.5      Amendment, Suspension and Termination of Plan:
         ----------------------------------------------

(a)      The Board of Directors may suspend or terminate the Plan or any
portion thereof at any time and may amend it from time to time in such respects
as the Board of Directors may deem advisable in order that any awards
thereunder shall conform to any change in applicable laws or regulations, or to
permit the Company or its employees to enjoy the benefits of any change in
applicable laws or regulations, or in any other respect the Board of Directors
may deem to be in the best interests of the Company; provided, however, that no
such amendment shall, without stockholder approval, (i) except as provided in
Section 7.2, materially increase the number of shares of Stock which may be
issued under the Plan, (ii) materially modify the requirements as to





                                        -28-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   29
eligibility for participation in the Plan, (iii) materially increase the
benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (iv) make any other change
that would disqualify the Plan for purposes of the exemption provided by Rule
16b-3(d)(3), (v) reduce the Option Price below the Fair Market Value of the
Common Stock or Formula Value Stock on the day the Option is awarded, (vi)
permit the award of SARs other than in tandem with an Option, (vii) permit the
exercise of an SAR during the first six months of its term except as otherwise
provided herein, (viii) permit the exercise of an Option or SAR without
surrender of the correlative rights or (ix) extend the termination date of the
Plan.  However, no such amendment, suspension or termination shall, unless the
Participant affected thereby consents, alter or impair any outstanding Option,
SAR, share of Stock, Performance Unit, Performance Share or Debenture in any
way that would adversely affect the rights of such Participant with respect to
such award.

(b)       The Committee and its authorized delegates, acting within limits
approved from time to time by the Committee, may amend or modify any
outstanding Options, SARs, shares of Stock, Performance Units, Performance
Shares or Debentures, in any manner to the extent that the Committee would have
had the authority under the Plan to initially award such options, SARs, shares
of Stock, Performance Units, Performance Shares or Debentures, as so modified
or amended, including without limitation, to change the date or dates as of
which such Options or SARs may be exercised,





                                        -29-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   30
the restrictions on shares of Restricted Stock are removed or the Performance
Units or Performance Shares are determined and paid, or may cancel any
outstanding award, except that the Committee and its authorized delegates may
not, unless the Participant affected thereby consents, take any action pursuant
to this Section 7.5(b) that would adversely affect the rights of such
Participant with respect to such award.

7.6      Definitions and other General Provisions:
         -----------------------------------------

(a)      The terms "retirement" and "disability" as used under the Plan shall
be construed by reference to the provisions of the Westinghouse Pension Plan or
other similar plan or program of the Company applicable to a Participant.

(b)      The term "Fair Market Value" as it relates to Common Stock means the
mean of the high and low prices of the Corporation's Common Stock as reported
by the Composite Tape of the New York Stock Exchange (or such successor
reporting system as shall be selected by the Committee) on the relevant date
or, if no sale of the Corporation's Common Stock shall have been reported for
that day, the average of such prices on the next preceding day and the next
following day for which there were reported sales.   The term "Fair Market
Value" as it relates to Formula Value Stock and Debentures shall mean the value
determined by the Committee.





                                        -30-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   31
(c)      The term "Subsidiary" shall mean, unless the context otherwise
requires, any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of
corporations beginning with the Corporation if each of the corporations other
than the last corporation in such chain owns stock possessing at least 50% of
the voting power in one of the other corporations in such chain.

(d)      The term "Formula Value Stock" means shares of a class or classes of
stock, the value of which is derived from a formula established by the
Committee which reflects such financial measures as the Committee shall
determine.  Such Shares shall have such other characteristics as shall be
determined at time of their authorization.

(e)      The adoption of the Plan shall not preclude the adoption by
appropriate means of any other stock option or other incentive plan for
employees.

(f)      Change in Control.

                 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, upon the
occurrence of a Change in Control, as defined in Section 7.6(g), (i) all
Options and Limited Rights, but not SARs, outstanding and unexercised on the
date of the Change in Control shall become immediately exercisable; (ii) all
Performance Shares and Performance Units shall be deemed to have been earned on
such basis as the Committee may prescribe and then paid on such basis,





                                        -31-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   32
at such time and in such form as the Committee may prescribe, or deferred in
accordance with the elections of Participants; (iii) all Restricted Stock shall
be deemed to be earned and the restriction period shall be deemed expired on
such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine; (iv) all Convertible
Debentures shall be immediately convertible on such terms and conditions as the
Committee may determine; and (v) all amounts deferred under this Plan paid to a
trustee or otherwise on such terms as the Committee may prescribe or permit.

(g)       The term 'Change in Control' means the occurrence of one or more of
the following events:

         (a)      there shall be consummated (i) any consolidation or merger of
the Corporation in which the Corporation is not the continuing or surviving
corporation or pursuant to which shares of the Corporation's Common Stock would
be converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a merger of
the Corporation in which the holders of the Corporation's Common Stock
immediately prior to the merger have the same proportionate ownership of common
stock of the surviving corporation immediately after the merger, or (ii) any
sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of
related transactions) of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the
Corporation, or (b) the stockholders of the Corporation shall approve any plan
or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation, or (c) (i)
any person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d) of





                                        -32-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   33
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (the "Exchange Act"),
corporation or other entity shall purchase any Common Stock of the Corporation
(or securities convertible into the Corporation's Common Stock) for cash,
securities or any other consideration pursuant to a tender offer or exchange
offer, unless, prior to the making of such purchase of Common Stock (or
securities convertible into Common Stock), the Board shall determine that the
making of such purchase shall not constitute a Change in Control, or (ii) any
person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act),
corporation or other entity (other than the Corporation or any benefit plan
sponsored by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries) shall become the
"beneficial owner" (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation representing
twenty percent or more of the combined voting power of the Corporation's then
outstanding securities ordinarily (and apart from any rights accruing under
special circumstances) having the right to vote in the election of directors
(calculated as provided in Rule 13d-3(d)) in the case of rights to acquire any
such securities, unless, prior to such person so becoming such beneficial
owner, the Board shall determine that such person so becoming such beneficial
owner shall not constitute a Change in Control, or (d) at any time during any
period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such
period constituted the entire Board shall cease for any reason to constitute at
least a majority thereof, unless the





                                        -33-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   34
election or nomination for election of each new director during such two-year
period was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then
still in office who were directors at the beginning of such two-year period.

7.7      Non-Uniform Determinations:
         ---------------------------

         The Committee's determinations under the Plan, including without
limitation, (i) the determination of the Participants to receive awards, (ii)
the form, amount and timing of such awards, (iii) the terms and provisions of
such awards and (iv) the agreements evidencing the same, need not be uniform
and may be made by it selectively among Participants who receive, or who are
eligible to receive, awards under the Plan, whether or not such Participants
are similarly situated.

7.8      Leaves of Absence; Transfers:
         -----------------------------

         The Committee shall be entitled to make such rules, regulations and
determinations as it deems appropriate under the Plan in respect to any leave
of absence from the Company granted to a Participant.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Committee shall be entitled to determine (i)
whether or not any such leave of absence shall be treated as if the Participant
ceased to be an Employee and (ii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of
absence on awards under the Plan.  In the event a Participant transfers within
the Company, such





                                        -34-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   35
Participant shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an Employee for purposes
of the Plan.

7.9      General Restriction:
         --------------------

(a)      Each award under the Plan shall be subject to the condition that, if
at any time the Committee shall determine that (i) the listing, registration or
qualification of the shares of Common Stock or Formula Value Stock or the
Debentures subject or related thereto upon any securities exchange or under any
state or federal law, (ii) the consent or approval of any government or
regulatory body or (iii) an agreement by the Participant with respect thereto,
is necessary or desirable, then such award shall not be consummated in whole or
in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or
agreement shall have been effected or obtained free or any conditions not
acceptable to the Committee.

(b)      Shares of Common Stock for use under the provisions of this Plan
shall not be issued until they have been duly listed, upon official notice of
issuance, upon the New York Stock Exchange and such other Exchanges, if any, as
the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall determine, and a registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to such shares shall
have become, and be, effective.





                                        -35-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
<PAGE>   36
7.10     Effective Date:
         ---------------

         The Plan shall be deemed effective as of January 1, 1984 and shall
terminate on December 31, 1993.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of Article VI of the Plan shall survive and remain effective as to all present
and future Deferred Amounts until such date after December 31, 1993 as the
Committee or the Board of Directors shall determine.





                                        -36-
2/28/96 LAW2:2339
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.H
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 Exhibit 10(h)

                         1991 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                      (as amended as of February 28, 1996)

ARTICLE I

GENERAL

1.1  Purpose
     -------

  The purposes of the 1991 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("Plan") for eligible
employees of Westinghouse Electric Corporation ("Corporation") and its
Subsidiaries (the Corporation and its Subsidiaries severally and collectively
referred to in the Plan as the "Company") are to foster and promote the
long-term financial success of the Company and materially increase stockholder
value by (i) attracting and retaining employees of outstanding ability, (ii)
strengthening the Company's capability to develop, maintain and direct a high
performance team, (iii) motivating employees, by means of performance-related
incentives, to achieve long-range performance goals, (iv) providing incentive
compensation opportunities competitive with those of other major companies and
(v) enabling employees to participate in the long-term growth and financial
success of the Company.

1.2  Administration
     --------------

(a)  The Plan shall be administered by a committee of the Board of Directors of
the Corporation ("Committee") which shall consist


LAW2:8011                                                              -1-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   2
of three or more members.  The members shall be appointed by the Board of
Directors, and any vacancy on the Committee shall be filled by the Board of
Directors.

     The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings and of any action taken
by it without a meeting.  A majority of the Committee shall constitute a
quorum, and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the acts of the Committee.  Any action that
may be taken at a meeting of the Committee may be taken without a meeting if a
consent or consents in writing setting forth the action so taken shall be
signed by all of the members of the Committee.  The Committee shall make
appropriate reports to the Board of Directors concerning the operations of the
Plan.

(b)   Subject to the limitations of the Plan, the Committee shall have the sole
and complete authority: (i) to select in accordance with Section 1.3 persons
who shall participate in the Plan ("Participant" or "Participants") (including
the right to delegate authority to select Participants); (ii) to make Awards
and payments in such forms and amounts as it shall determine, including the
right to delegate authority to make Awards within limits approved by the
Committee; (iii) to impose such limitations, restrictions, terms and conditions
upon such Awards as the Committee or its authorized delegates shall deem
appropriate; (iv) to interpret the Plan and the terms of any document relating
to the Plan and to adopt, amend and rescind





LAW2:8011                                                              -2-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   3
administrative guidelines and other rules and regulations relating to the Plan;
(v) to amend or cancel an existing Award in whole or in part (including the
right to delegate authority to amend or cancel an existing Award in whole or in
part within limits approved from time to time by the Committee), except that
the Committee and its authorized delegates may not, unless otherwise provided
in the Plan, or unless the Participant affected thereby consents, take any
action under this clause that would adversely affect the rights of such
Participant with respect to the Award, and except that the Committee and its
authorized delegates may not take any action to amend any outstanding Option
under the Plan in order to decrease the Option Price under such Option or to
cancel and replace any such Option with an Option with a lower Option Price;
and (vi) to make all other determinations and to take all other actions
necessary or advisable for the interpretation, implementation and
administration of the Plan.  The Committee's determinations on matters within
its authority shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and all other
persons.

(c)   The Committee shall act with respect to the Plan on behalf of the
Corporation and on behalf of any subsidiary issuing stock under the Plan,
subject to appropriate action by the board of directors of any such Subsidiary.
All expenses associated with the Plan shall be borne by the Corporation subject
to such allocation to its Subsidiaries and operating units as it deems 
appropriate.





LAW2:8011                                                              -3-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   4

1.3  Selection for Participation
     ---------------------------

  Participants selected by the Committee or its authorized delegates shall be
Eligible Persons as defined below.  "Eligible Persons" are persons who are
employees of the Company ("Employee" or "Employees") or, in the event of death
while an Employee, his or her estate.  In making this selection and in
determining the form and amount of Awards, the Committee may give consideration
to the functions and responsibilities of the Eligible Person, his or her past,
present and potential contributions to the Company and other factors deemed
relevant by the Committee.

1.4  Types of Awards under Plan
     --------------------------

  Awards ("Awards") under the Plan may be in the form of any one or more of the
following: (i) Non-statutory Stock Options ("NSOs" or "Options"), as described
in Article II, (ii) Stock Appreciation Rights ("SARs") and Limited Stock
Appreciation Rights ("Limited Rights"), as described in Article III, (iii)
Performance Awards ("Performance Awards") as described in Article IV, and (iv)
Restricted Stock ("Restricted Stock") as described in Article V.





LAW2:8011                                                              -4-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   5
1.5  Shares Subject to the Plan
     --------------------------

  Shares of stock issued under the Plan may be in whole or in part authorized
and unissued or treasury shares of the Corporation's common stock, par value
$1.00 ("Common Stock"), or "Formula Value Stock" as defined in Section 8.12(d)
(Common Stock and Formula Value Stock severally and collectively referred to in
the Plan as "Stock").

  The maximum number of shares of Stock which may be issued for all purposes
under the Plan shall be 21,500,000.

  Except as otherwise provided below, any shares of Stock subject to an Option
or other Award which is canceled or terminates without having been exercised
shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.  Shares subject to an
option canceled upon the exercise of an SAR shall not again be available for
Awards under the Plan except to the extent the SAR is settled in cash.  To the
extent that an Award is settled in cash, shares of Stock subject to that Award
shall again be available for Awards.  Shares of Stock tendered by a Participant
or withheld by the Company to pay the exercise price of an Option or to satisfy
the tax withholding obligations of the exercise or vesting of an Award shall be
available again for Awards under the Plan.  Shares of Restricted Stock
forfeited to the Company in accordance with the Plan and the terms of the
particular Award shall be available again for Awards under the Plan.





LAW2:8011                                                              -5-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   6
  No fractional shares shall be issued, and the Committee shall determine the
manner in which fractional share value shall be treated.

ARTICLE II
STOCK OPTIONS

2.1  Award of Stock Options
     ----------------------

  The Committee may, from time to time, subject to the provisions of the Plan
and such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe, award to
any Participant Options to purchase Stock.

  The Committee may provide with respect to any option to purchase Stock that,
if the Participant, while an Eligible Person, exercises the option in whole or
in part using already-owned Stock, the Participant will, subject to this
Section 2.1 and such other terms and conditions as may be imposed by the
Committee, receive an additional option ("Reload Option").  The Reload Option
will be to purchase, at Fair Market Value as of the date the original option
was exercised, a number of shares of Stock equal to the number of whole shares
used by the Participant to exercise the original option.  The Reload Option
will be exercisable only between the date of its grant and the date of
expiration of the original option.





LAW2:8011                                                              -6-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   7
  A Reload Option shall be subject to such additional terms and conditions as
the Committee shall approve, which terms may provide that the Committee may
cancel the Participant's right to receive the Reload Option and that the Reload
Option will be granted only if the Committee has not canceled such right prior
to the exercise of the original option.  Such terms may also provide that, upon
the exercise by a Participant of a Reload Option while an Eligible Person, an
additional Reload Option will be granted with respect to the number of whole
shares used to exercise the first Reload Option.

2.2  Stock Option Agreements
     -----------------------

  The award of an option shall be evidenced by a written agreement ("Stock
Option Agreement") in such form and containing such terms and conditions as the
Committee may from time to time determine.

2.3  Option Price
     ------------

  The purchase price of Stock under each Option ("Option Price") shall be not
less than the Fair Market Value of such Stock on the date the Option is
awarded.

2.4  Exercise and Term of Options
     ----------------------------

(a)  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, Options shall become exercisable
at such time or times as the Committee may specify.  The Committee may at any
time and from time to time accelerate the time at which all or any part of the
Option may be exercised.





LAW2:8011                                                              -7-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   8

(b)  The Committee shall establish procedures governing the exercise of options
and shall require that notice of exercise be given.  Stock purchased on
exercise of an option must be paid for as follows: (1) in cash or by check
(acceptable to the Company in accordance with guidelines established for this
purpose), bank draft or money order payable to the order of the Company or (2)
if so provided by the Committee (i) through the delivery of shares of Stock
which are then outstanding and which have a Fair Market Value on the date of
exercise equal to the exercise price, (ii) by delivery of an unconditional and
irrevocable undertaking by a broker to deliver promptly to the Company
sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (iii) by any combination of the
permissible forms of payment.

2.5  Termination of Eligibility
     --------------------------

  In the event the Participant is no longer an Eligible Person and ceased to be
such as a result of termination of service to the Company with the consent of
the Committee or as a result of his or her death, retirement or disability,
each of his or her outstanding Options shall be exercisable by the Participant
(or his or her legal representative or designated beneficiary), to the extent
that such Option was then exercisable, at any time prior to an expiration date
established by the Committee at the





LAW2:8011                                                              -8-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   9
time of award, but in no event after such expiration date.  In the event an
Award is made to the estate of a person who died while an Employee, each
outstanding Option held by such estate shall be exercisable by the estate (or
the distributee of said estate) at any time prior to an expiration date
established by the Committee at the time of award.  If the Participant ceases
to be an Eligible Person for any other reason, all of the Participant's then
outstanding Options shall terminate immediately.

ARTICLE III
STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS AND LIMITED RIGHTS

3.1  Award of Stock Appreciation Right
     ---------------------------------

(a)  An SAR is an Award entitling the recipient on exercise to receive an
amount, in cash or Stock or a combination thereof (such form to be determined
by the Committee), determined in whole or in part by reference to appreciation
in Stock value.

(b)  In general, an SAR entitles the Participant to receive, with respect to
each share of Stock as to which the SAR is exercised, the excess of the share's
Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over its Fair Market Value on the
date the SAR was granted.





LAW2:8011                                                              -9-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   10
(c)  SARs may be granted in tandem with options granted under the Plan ("Tandem
SARS") or independently of Options ("Independent SARs").  An SAR granted in
tandem with an NSO may be granted either at or after the time the option is
granted.

(d)  SARs awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced by either a Stock Option
Agreement (when SARs are granted in tandem with an Option) or a separate
agreement between the Company and the Participant.

(e)  Except as otherwise provided herein, a Tandem SAR shall be exercisable
only at the same time and to the same extent and subject to the same conditions
as the option related thereto is exercisable, and the Committee may prescribe
additional conditions and limitations on the exercise of the SAR.  The exercise
of a Tandem SAR shall cancel the related Option.  Tandem SARs may be exercised
only when the Fair Market Value of Stock to which it relates exceeds the Option
Price.

(f)  Except as otherwise provided herein, an Independent SAR will become
exercisable at such time or times, and on such conditions, as the Committee may
specify, and the Committee may at any time accelerate the time at which all or
any part of the SAR may be exercised.





LAW2:8011                                                             -10-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   11
  The Committee may provide, under such terms and conditions as it may deem
appropriate, for the automatic grant of additional SARs upon the full or
partial exercise of an Independent SAR.

  Any exercise of an Independent SAR must be in writing, signed by the proper
person and delivered or mailed to the Company, accompanied by any other
documents required by the Committee.

(g)  Except as otherwise provided herein, all SARs shall automatically be
exercised on the last trading day prior to the expiration date established by
the Committee at the time of the award for the SAR, or, in the case of a Tandem
SAR, for the related Option, so long as exercise on such date will result in a
payment to the Participant.

(h)  Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, no SAR shall become
exercisable or shall be automatically exercised for six months following the
date on which it was granted.

(i)  At the time of award of an SAR, the Committee may limit the amount of the
payment that may be made to a Participant upon the exercise of the SAR.  The
Committee may further determine that, if the amount to be received by a
Participant in any year is limited pursuant to this provision, payment of all
or a portion of the amount that is unpaid as a result of the limitation may be





LAW2:8011                                                             -11-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   12
made to the Participant at a subsequent time.  No such limitation shall require
a Participant to return to the Company any amount theretofore received by him
or her upon the exercise of an SAR.

(j)  Payment of the amount to which a Participant is entitled upon the exercise
of an SAR shall be made in cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly in Stock,
as the Committee shall determine.  To the extent that payment is made in Stock,
the shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise
of the SAR.

(k)  Each SAR shall expire on a date determined by the Committee or earlier
upon the occurrence of the first of the following: (i) in the case of a Tandem
SAR, termination of the related option, (ii) expiration of a period of six
months after the Participant's ceasing to be an Eligible Person as a result of
termination of service to the Company with the consent of the Committee or as a
result of his or her death, retirement or disability, or (iii) the Participant
ceasing to be an Eligible Person for any other reason.

3.2  Limited Rights
     --------------

(a)  The Committee may award Limited Rights pursuant to the provisions of this
Section 3.2 to the holder of an Option to purchase Common Stock granted under
the Plan (a "Related Option") with respect to all or a portion of the shares
subject to the





LAW2:8011                                                             -12-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   13
Related Option.  A Limited Right may be exercised only during the period
beginning on the first day following a Change in Control, as defined in Section
7.2 of the Plan, and ending on the thirtieth day following such date.  Each
Limited Right shall be exercisable only to the same extent that the Related
Option is exercisable, and in no event after the termination of the Related
Option.  In no event shall a Limited Right be exercised during the first six
months after the date of grant of the Limited Right.  Limited Rights shall be
exercisable only when the Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of
exercise of the Limited Rights) of each share of Common Stock with respect to
which the Limited Rights are to be exercised shall exceed the Option Price per
share of Common Stock subject to the Related option.

(b)  Upon the exercise of Limited Rights, the Related Option shall be
considered to have been exercised to the extent of the number of shares of
Common Stock with respect to which such Limited Rights are exercised.  Upon the
exercise or termination of the Related Option, the Limited Rights with respect
to such Related Option shall be considered to have been exercised or terminated
to the extent of the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the
Related Option was so exercised or terminated.





LAW2:8011                                                             -13-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   14

(c)  The effective date of the grant of a Limited Right shall be the date on
which the Committee approves the grant of such Limited Right.  Each grantee of
a Limited Right shall be notified promptly of the grant of the Limited Right in
such manner as the Committee shall prescribe.

(d)  Upon the exercise of Limited Rights, the holder thereof shall receive in
cash an amount equal to the product computed by multiplying (i) the excess of
(a) the higher of (x) the Minimum Price Per Share (as hereinafter defined), or
(y) the highest reported closing sales price of a share of Common Stock on the
New York Stock Exchange at any time during the period beginning on the sixtieth
day prior to the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised and ending on
the date on which such Limited Rights are exercised, over (b) the Option Price
per share of Common Stock subject to the Related Option, by (ii) the number of
shares of Common Stock with respect to which such Limited Rights are being
exercised.

(e)  For purposes of this Section 3.2, the term "Minimum Price Per Share" shall
mean the highest gross price (before brokerage commissions and soliciting
dealers' fees) paid or to be paid for a share of Common Stock (whether by way
of exchange, conversion, distribution upon liquidation or otherwise) in any
Change in Control which is in effect at any time during the period beginning on
the sixtieth day prior to the date on which such





LAW2:8011                                                             -14-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   15
Limited Rights are exercised and ending on the date on which such Limited
Rights are exercised.  For purposes of this definition, if the consideration
paid or to be paid in any such Change in Control shall consist, in whole or in
part, of consideration other than cash, the Board shall take such action, as in
its judgement it deems appropriate, to establish the cash value of such
consideration.

ARTICLE IV
PERFORMANCE AWARDS

4.1  Nature of Performance Awards
     ----------------------------

  A Performance Award provides for the recipient to receive an amount in cash
or Stock or a combination thereof (such form to be determined by the Committee)
following the attainment of Performance Goals.  Performance Goals may be
related to personal performance, corporate performance (including corporate
stock performance), departmental performance or any other category of
performance deemed by the Committee to be important to the success of the
Company.  The Committee shall determine the Performance Goals, the period or
periods during which performance is to be measured and all other terms and
conditions applicable to the Award.  Regardless of the degree to which
Performance Goals are attained, a Performance Award shall be paid only when, if
and to the extent that the Committee determines to make such payment.





LAW2:8011                                                             -15-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   16
4.2  Other Awards Subject to Performance Condition
     ---------------------------------------------

  The Committee may, at the time any Award described in this Plan is granted,
impose the condition (in addition to any conditions specified or authorized in
the Plan) that Performance Goals be met prior to the Participant's realization
of any payment or benefit under the Award.

ARTICLE V
RESTRICTED STOCK

5.1  Award of Restricted Stock
     -------------------------

  The Committee may award to any Participant shares of Stock subject to this
Article V and such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe,
such Stock referred to herein as "Restricted Stock."

  Each certificate for Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the
Participant and deposited by him or her, together with a stock power endorsed
in blank, with the Corporation.

5.2  Restricted Stock Agreement
     --------------------------

  Shares of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced by a
written agreement in such form and containing such terms and conditions as the
Committee may determine.





LAW2:8011                                                             -16-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   17
5.3  Restriction Period
     ------------------

  At the time of award, there shall be established for each Participant a
"Restriction Period" of such length as shall be determined by the Committee.
The Restriction Period may be waived by the Committee.  Shares of Restricted
Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered,
except as hereinafter provided, during the Restriction Period.  Subject to such
restriction on transfer, the Participant as owner of such shares of Restricted
Stock shall have the rights of the holder of such Restricted Stock, except that
the Committee may provide at the time of the Award that any dividends or other
distributions paid on such Stock during the Restriction Period shall be
accumulated and held by the Company and shall be subject to forfeiture under
Section 5.4.

  Upon the expiration or waiver by the Committee of the Restriction Period, the
Corporation shall redeliver to the Participant (or his or her legal
representative or designated beneficiary) the shares deposited pursuant to
Section 5.1.

5.4  Termination of Eligibility
     --------------------------

  In the event the Participant is no longer an Eligible Person and ceased to be
such as a result of termination of service to the Company with the consent of
the Committee, or as a result of his or her death, retirement or disability,
the restrictions imposed under this Article V shall lapse with respect to such





LAW2:8011                                                             -17-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   18
number of shares theretofore awarded to him or her as shall be determined by
the Committee.  All other shares of Restricted Stock theretofore awarded to him
or her which are still subject to restrictions, along with any dividends or
other distributions thereon that have been accumulated and held by the Company,
shall be forfeited, and the Corporation shall have the right to complete the
blank stock power.

  In the event the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Person for any other
reason, all shares of Restricted Stock theretofore awarded to him or her which
are still subject to restrictions, along with any dividend or other
distributions thereon that have been accumulated and held by the Company, shall
be forfeited, and the Corporation shall have the right to complete the blank
stock power.

ARTICLE VI
DEFERRAL OF PAYMENTS

6.1  Deferral of Amounts
     -------------------

  If the Committee makes a determination to designate Awards or, from time to
time, groups or types of Awards, eligible for deferral hereunder, a Participant
may, subject to such terms and conditions and within such limits as the
Committee may from time to time establish, elect to defer the receipt of
amounts due to him or her under the Plan.  Amounts so deferred are referred to





LAW2:8011                                                             -18-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   19
herein as "Deferred Amounts."  The Committee may also permit amounts now or
hereafter deferred or available for deferral under any present or future
incentive compensation program or deferral arrangement of the Company to be
deemed Deferred Amounts and to become subject to the provisions of this
Article.  Awards which are so deferred will be deemed to have been awarded in
cash and the cash deferred as Deferred Amounts.

  The period between the date on which the Participant's Deferred Amount would
have been payable absent deferral and the final payment of such Deferred Amount
shall be referred to herein as the "Deferral Period."

6.2  Investment During Deferral Period
     ---------------------------------

  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, and subject to such changes as
the Committee may determine, the Deferred Amount will be treated during the
Deferral Period as if it were invested in putative convertible debentures with
a fixed interest rate, compounded annually, for the entire Deferral Period.
For purposes of determining the value of the Deferred Amount at the time of
payment, each putative debenture will be deemed to be convertible into Common
Stock at a conversion rate computed by reference to the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the regular January meeting
of the Board of Directors on or preceding the date of deferral.  Payment





LAW2:8011                                                             -19-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   20
of Deferred Amounts may be made in cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly in
Stock, in the Committee's sole discretion.

6.3  Participant Reports
     -------------------
  Annually, each Participant who has a Deferred Amount will receive a report
setting forth all of his or her then Deferred Amounts and the yield thereon to
date.

6.4  Payment of Deferred Amounts
     ---------------------------

  Payment of Deferred Amounts will be made at such time or times, and may be in
cash, Stock, or partly in cash and partly in Stock, as the Committee shall from
time to time determine.  The limitations respecting the issuance of Stock or
other limitations on aggregate awards payable contained in the Annual
Performance Plan of the Corporation, Article XVI of the by-laws of the
Corporation, the 1974 Stock Option Plan, the 1979 Stock Option and Long-Term
Incentive Plan, the 1984 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Plan and in any plan
hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall be limitations applicable to the
payment of any Deferred Amounts under this Article VI.

6.5  Alternative Valuation Election
     ------------------------------

  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant may, at a time
established by the Committee, but prior to such Participant's ceasing to be an
Eligible Person, elect to establish the ultimate payable value of each Deferred
Amount by





LAW2:8011                                                             -20-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   21
reference to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock as of the day on which
an alternate valuation election is received by the corporation in accordance
with procedures established by the Committee.

  Notwithstanding the establishment of the ultimate payable value resulting
from the alternate valuation election by the Participant, the yield will
continue as though no such election had been made and will continue to be
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.2, and Deferred Amounts and
the yield thereon will be paid as otherwise provided in this Article.

ARTICLE VII
CHANGES IN CONTROL

7.1  Effect of Change in Control
     ---------------------------

  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, upon the occurrence of a
Change in Control, as defined in Section 7.2: (i) all Options and, subject to
the exercise provisions of Section 3.2(a) of the Plan, Limited Rights, but not
SARS, outstanding and unexercised on the date of the Change in Control shall
become immediately exercisable; (ii) all Performance Awards shall be deemed to
have been earned on such basis as the Committee may prescribe and then paid on
such basis, at such time and in such form as the Committee may prescribe, or
deferred in accordance with the elections of Participants; (iii) all





LAW2:8011                                                             -21-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   22
Restricted Stock shall be deemed to be earned and the Restriction Period shall
be deemed expired on such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine;
and (iv) all amounts deferred under this Plan shall be paid to a trustee or
otherwise on such terms as the Committee may prescribe or permit.

7.2  Definition of Change in Control
     -------------------------------

  The term "Change in Control" means the occurrence of one or more of the
following events: (a) there shall be consummated (i) any consolidation or
merger of the Corporation in which the Corporation is not the continuing or
surviving corporation or pursuant to which shares of the Common Stock would be
converted into cash, securities or other property, other than a merger of the
Corporation in which the holders of Common Stock immediately prior to the
merger have the same proportionate ownership of common stock of the surviving
corporation immediately after the merger, or (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or
other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all,
or substantially all, of the assets of the Corporation, or (b) the stockholders
of the Corporation shall approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or
dissolution of the Corporation, or (c) (i) any person (as such term is defined
in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act")), corporation or other entity shall purchase any Common Stock
of the Corporation (or securities convertible into Common Stock) for cash,
securities or any other consideration pursuant





LAW2:8011                                                             -22-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   23
to a tender offer or exchange offer, unless, prior to the making of such
purchase of Common Stock (or securities convertible into Common Stock), the
Board shall determine that the making of such purchase shall not constitute a
Change in Control, or (ii) any person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act), corporation or other entity (other than the Corporation
or any benefit plan sponsored by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries)
shall be the "beneficial owner" (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Corporation
representing twenty percent or more of the combined voting power of the
Corporation's then outstanding securities ordinarily (and apart from any rights
accruing under special circumstances) having the right to vote in the election
of directors (calculated as provided in Rule 13d-3(d) in the case of rights to
acquire any such securities), unless, prior to such person so becoming such
beneficial owner, the Board shall determine that such person so becoming such
beneficial owner shall not constitute a Change in Control, or (d) at any time
during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of
such period constituted the entire Board shall cease for any reason to
constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election or nomination for
election of each new director during such two-year period was approved by a
vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were
directors at the beginning of such two-year period.





LAW2:8011                                                             -23-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   24
ARTICLE VIII
GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1  Non-Transferability
     -------------------

  No Option, SAR, Performance Award or share of Restricted Stock or Deferred
Amount under the Plan shall be transferable by the Participant other than by
will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution.  All Awards and
Deferred Amounts shall be exercisable or received during the Participant's
lifetime only by such Participant or his or her legal representative.  Any
transfer contrary to this Section 8.1 will nullify the option, SAR, Performance
Award or share of Restricted Stock, and any attempted transfer of a Deferred
Amount contrary to this Section 8.1 will be void and of no effect.

8.2  Beneficiaries
     -------------

  The Committee may establish procedures not inconsistent with Section 8.1
under which a Participant may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to
receive amounts due under an Award or with respect to Deferred Amounts in the
event of the Participant's death.

8.3  Adjustments Upon Changes in Stock
     ---------------------------------

  If there shall be any change in the Stock of the Company, through merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split,
split up, dividend in kind or other change in the corporate structure or
distribution to the





LAW2:8011                                                             -24-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   25
stockholders, appropriate adjustments may be made by the Board of Directors of
the Company (or if the Company is not the surviving corporation in any such
transaction, the board of directors of the surviving corporation) in the
aggregate number and kind of shares subject to the Plan, and the number and
kind of shares and the price per share subject to outstanding Options or which
may be issued under outstanding Performance Awards or Awards of Restricted
Stock.  Appropriate adjustments may also be made by the Board of Directors or
the Committee in the terms of any Awards under the Plan to reflect such changes
and to modify any other terms of outstanding Awards on an equitable basis,
including modifications of performance targets and changes in the length of
Performance Periods.

8.4  Conditions of Awards
     --------------------

(a)  The rights of a Participant with respect to any Award received under this
Plan shall be subject to the conditions that, until the Participant has fully
received all payments, transfers and other benefits under the Award, he or she
shall (i) not engage, either directly or indirectly, in any manner or capacity
as advisor, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, employee, member of
any association or otherwise, in any business or activity which is at the time
competitive with any business or activity conducted by the Company and (ii) be
available, unless he or she shall have died, at reasonable times for
consultations at the request of the Company's management with respect to phases





LAW2:8011                                                             -25-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   26
of the business with which he or she is or was actively connected during his or
her employment, but such consultations shall not (except in the case of a
Participant whose active service was outside the United States) be required to
be performed at any place or places outside of the United States of America or
during usual vacation periods or periods of illness or other incapacity.  In
the event that either of the above conditions is not fulfilled, the Participant
shall forfeit all rights to any unexercised option or SAR, or any Performance
Award or Stock held which has not yet been determined by the Committee to be
payable or unrestricted (and any unpaid amounts equivalent to dividends or
other distributions or amounts equivalent to interest relating thereto) as of
the date of the breach of condition.  Any determination by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation, which shall act upon the recommendation of the
Chief Executive Officer, that the Participant is, or has, engaged in a
competitive business or activity as aforesaid or has not been available for
consultations as aforesaid shall be conclusive.

(b)  This Section 8.4 shall not apply to Limited Rights.

8.5  Use of Proceeds
     ---------------

  All cash proceeds from the exercise of options shall constitute general funds
of the Company.





LAW2:8011                                                             -26-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   27
8.6  Tax Withholding
     ---------------

  The Company will withhold from any cash payment made pursuant to an Award an
amount sufficient to satisfy all federal, state and local withholding tax
requirements (the "withholding requirements").

     In the case of an Award pursuant to which Stock may be delivered, the
Committee will have the right to require that the Participant or other
appropriate person remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy the
withholding requirements, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the
Committee with regard to such requirements, prior to the delivery of any Stock.
If and to the extent that such withholding is required, the Committee may
permit the Participant or such other person to elect at such time and in such
manner as the Committee provides to have the Company hold back from the shares
to be delivered, or to deliver to the Company, Stock having a value calculated
to satisfy the withholding requirement.  In the alternative, the Committee may,
at the time of grant of any such Award, require that the Company withhold from
any shares to be delivered Stock with a value calculated to satisfy applicable
tax withholding requirements.

8.7  Non-Uniform Determinations
     --------------------------

  The Committee's determinations under the Plan, including without limitation,
(i) the determination of the Participants to receive Awards, (ii) the form,
amount, timing and payment of such





LAW2:8011                                                             -27-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   28
Awards, (iii) the terms and provisions of such Awards and (iv) the agreements
evidencing the same, need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively
among Participants who receive, or who are eligible to receive, Awards under
the Plan, whether or not such Participants are similarly situated.

8.8  Leaves of Absence; Transfers
     ----------------------------

  The Committee shall be entitled to make such rules, regulations and
determinations as it deems appropriate under the Plan in respect to any leave
of absence from the Company granted to a Participant.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Committee shall be entitled to determine (i)
whether or not any such leave of absence shall be treated as if the Participant
ceased to be an Employee and (ii) the impact, if any, of any such leave of
absence on Awards under the Plan.  In the event a Participant transfers within
the Company, such Participant shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an
Employee for purposes of the Plan.

8.9  General Restriction
     -------------------

(a)  Each Award under the Plan shall be subject to the condition that, if at
any time the Committee shall determine that (i) the listing, registration or
qualification of shares of Stock upon any securities exchange or under any
state or federal law, (ii) the consent or approval of any government or
regulatory body or (iii) an agreement by the Participant with respect thereto,
is





LAW2:8011                                                             -28-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   29
necessary or desirable, then such Award shall not be consummated in whole or in
part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval or
agreement shall have been effected or obtained free from any conditions not
acceptable to the Committee.

(b)  Shares of Common Stock for use under the provisions of this Plan shall not
be issued until they have been duly listed, upon official notice of issuance,
upon the New York Stock Exchange and such other exchanges, if any, as the Board
of Directors of the Corporation shall determine, and a registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to such shares shall have become,
and be, effective.

8.10 Effective Date
     --------------

  The Plan shall be deemed effective as of December 4, 1991.

  No Award may be granted under the Plan after the Plan is terminated pursuant
to Section 8.11, but Awards previously made may extend beyond that date and
Reload Options and additional Reload Options provided for with respect to
original options outstanding prior to that date may continue unless the
Committee otherwise provides and subject to such additional terms and
conditions as the Committee may provide, and the provisions of Article VI of
the Plan shall survive and remain effective as to





LAW2:8011                                                             -29-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   30
all present and future Deferred Amounts until such later date as the Committee
or the Board of Directors shall determine.

  The adoption of the Plan shall not preclude the adoption by appropriate means
of any other stock option or other incentive plan for employees.

8.11 Amendment, Suspension and Termination of Plan
     ---------------------------------------------

  The Board of Directors may at any time or times amend the Plan for any
purpose which may at the time be permitted by law, or may at any time suspend
or terminate the Plan as to any further grants of Awards.

8.12 Certain Definitions
     -------------------

(a)  Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the terms "retirement" and
"disability" as used under the Plan shall be construed by reference to the
provisions of the Westinghouse Pension Plan or other similar plan or program of
the Company applicable to a Participant.

(b)  The term "Fair Market Value" as it relates to Common Stock means the mean
of the high and low prices of the Common Stock as reported by the Composite
Tape of the New York Stock Exchange (or such successor reporting system as
shall be selected by the Committee) on the relevant date or, if no sale of the
Common Stock shall have been reported for that day, the average of such





LAW2:8011                                                             -30-
2/28/96
<PAGE>   31
prices on the next preceding day and the next following day for which there
were reported sales.  The term "Fair Market Value" as it relates to Formula
Value Stock shall mean the value determined by the Committee.

(c)  The term "Subsidiary" shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires,
any corporation (other than the Corporation) in an unbroken chain of
corporations beginning with the corporation if each of the corporations other
than the last corporation in such chain owns stock possessing at least 50% of
the voting power in one of the other corporations in such chain.

(d)  "Formula Value Stock" means shares of a class or classes of stock the
value of which is derived from a formula established by the Committee which
reflects such financial measures as the Committee shall determine.  Such shares
shall have such other characteristics as shall be determined at time of their
authorization.





LAW2:8011                                                             -31-
2/28/96
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                         WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION

                         COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT (11)                                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31   
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 1995         1994         1993
                                                 ----         ----         ----
<S>                                           <C>         <C>          <C>       
EQUIVALENT SHARES:
 Average shares outstanding.................  369,612,697  354,580,674  349,416,570

 Additional shares due to:
  Stock options.............................    4,525,244    3,964,508    3,485,100
  Series C Preferred Shares.................   36,000,000   25,191,067           --
                                              -----------  -----------  -----------
 Total equivalent shares - primary..........  410,137,941  383,736,249  352,901,670
 Additional Series B shares under
   "if converted" assumption................   22,770,000           --           --
 Other potentially issuable shares..........      283,014       53,498    2,456,640
                                              -----------  -----------  -----------
 Total equivalent shares-fully diluted......  433,190,955  383,789,747  355,358,310
                                              ===========  ===========  ===========

ADJUSTED EARNINGS (IN MILLIONS):

 Loss from Continuing Operations............     $    (44)    $    (13)    $   (246)
 Less: Series B preferred stock dividends...           34           50           50
                                              -----------  -----------  -----------

 Adjusted loss from
   Continuing Operations....................          (78)         (63)        (296)
                                              -----------  -----------  ----------- 
 Income (loss) from
   Discontinued Operations..................           59           90          (24)
                                              -----------  -----------  ----------- 
 Cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principle.....................           --           --          (56)
                                              -----------  -----------  ----------- 
 Adjusted net income (loss)
   for primary earnings per share...........     $    (19)    $     27     $   (376)
                                              ===========  ===========  ===========
PRIMARY EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
 From Continuing Operations.................     $  (0.19)    $  (0.16)    $  (0.84)  
 From Discontinued Operations...............         0.14         0.23        (0.07)
 Cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principle.....................           --           --        (0.16)
                                              -----------  -----------  ----------- 
 Primary earnings (loss) per share (a)......     $  (0.05)    $   0.07     $  (1.07)   
                                              ===========  ===========  ===========
                                                                                                                                   
FULLY DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE:
 From Continuing Operations.................     $  (0.10)    $  (0.16)    $  (0.84)   
 From Discontinued Operations...............         0.13         0.23        (0.07)
 Cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principle.....................           --           --        (0.16)
                                              -----------  -----------  ----------- 
 Fully diluted earnings (loss)
   per share (a)............................     $   0.03     $   0.07     $  (1.07)
                                              ===========  ===========  ===========
</TABLE>

(a)  For earnings per share using an alternative treatment for the Series C
     Preferred Shares, see note 15 to the financial statements included in Part
     II, Item 8 of this report.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.A
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT (12)(a)
                         WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION
                 COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
($ IN MILLIONS)                                   1995   1994   1993   1992    1991
                                                  ----   ----   ----   ----    ----
<S>                                              <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
Income (loss) before income taxes
  and minority interest                          $ (40) $ (17) $(353) $ 275  $  193
Less: Equity in income (loss) of
      50 percent or less owned affiliates            1     (4)    (4)    (1)    (17)
Add: Dividends from affiliates                      --     --     --     --       2
     Fixed charges excluding capitalized 
     interest                                      257    161    194    205     207
                                                 -----  -----  -----  -----  ------
Earnings as adjusted                             $ 216  $ 148  $(155) $ 481  $  419
                                                 =====  =====  =====  =====  ======
Fixed charges:
  Interest expense                               $ 233  $ 134  $ 165  $ 169  $  176
  Rental expense                                    24     27     29     36      31
  Capitalized interest                              --     --     --     --       6
                                                 -----  -----  -----  -----  ------
Total fixed charges                              $ 257  $ 161  $ 194  $ 205  $  213
                                                 =====  =====  =====  =====  ======
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges                  (a)    (b)    (c)  2.35x   1.97x
                                                 =====  =====  =====  =====  ======

<FN>
(a)  Additional income before income taxes and minority interest of $41 million
would be necessary to attain a ratio of earnings to fixed charges of 1.00x for
the year ended December 31, 1995.

(b)  Additional income before income taxes and minority interest of $13 million
would be necessary to attain a ratio of earnings to fixed charges of 1.00x for
the year ended December 31, 1994.

(c)  Additional income before income taxes and minority interest of $349
million would be necessary to attain a ratio of earnings to fixed charges of
1.00x for the year ended December 31, 1993.

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.B
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

EXHIBIT (12)(b)
                  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED
                  FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
($ IN MILLIONS)                                   1995   1994   1993   1992    1991
                                                  ----   ----   ----   ----    ----
<S>                                             <C>     <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
Income (loss) before income taxes
  and minority interest                          $ (40) $ (17) $(353) $ 275  $  193
Less: Equity in income (loss) of
       50 percent or less owned affiliates           1     (4)    (4)    (1)    (17)
Add: Dividends from affiliates                      --     --     --     --       2
     Combined fixed charges and preferred
       dividends, excluding capitalized 
       interst                                     353    511    269    245     207
                                                 -----  -----  -----  -----  ------
Earnings as adjusted                             $ 312  $ 498  $ (80) $ 521  $  419
                                                 =====  =====  =====  =====  ======

Combined fixed charges and preferred dividends:
  Interest expense                               $ 233  $ 134  $ 165  $ 169  $  176
  Rental expense                                    24     27     29     36      31
  Capitalized interest                              --     --     --     --       6
  Pre-tax earnings required to cover
    preferred dividend requirements (d)             96    350     75     40      --
                                                 -----  -----  -----  -----  ------
Total combined fixed charges and
  preferred dividends                            $ 353  $ 511  $ 269  $ 245  $  213
                                                 =====  =====  =====  =====  ======
Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges
  and preferred dividends                           (e)    (f)    (g)  2.13x   1.97x
                                                 =====  =====  =====  =====  ======
<FN>
(d)  Dividend requirement divided by 100% minus effective income tax rate.

(e)  Additional income before income taxes and minority interest of $41 million
would be necessary to attain a ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
preferred dividends of 1.00x for the year ended December 31, 1995.

(f)  Additional income before income taxes and minority interest of $13 million
would be necessary to attain a ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
preferred dividends of 1.00x for the year ended December 31, 1994.

(g)  Additional income before income taxes and minority interest of $349
million would be necessary to attain a ratio of earnings to combined fixed
charges and preferred dividends of 1.00x for the year ended December 31, 1993.

</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 21                                      
                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


Included in the financial statements of the Company are consolidated
subsidiaries owned, directly or indirectly, more than 50% by the Company.
Equity in undistributed earnings of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated
companies, 20% to 50% owned, is also included in the results of operations of
the Company.  Listed below are certain of these subsidiaries of the Company.
The remaining subsidiaries and affiliated companies not listed below, when
considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary.
During the first quarter of 1996, The Knoll Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries,
Westinghouse Norden Systems, and Westinghouse Overseas Service Corporation were
divested.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               INCORPORATED       VOTING POWER
                                                  UNDER            OWNED BY
            NAME                                 LAWS OF       IMMEDIATE PARENT
            ----                               ------------    ----------------
<S>                                              <C>                   <C>
CBS Inc.                                         New York              100%
The Knoll Group, Inc.                            Delaware              100%
  Knoll North America, Inc.                      Delaware              100%
  Knoll Overseas, Inc.                           Delaware              100%
  Spinneybeck Enterprises, Inc.                  New York              100%
Thermo King Corporation                          Delaware              100%
Westinghouse Canada, Inc.                        Canada                100%
Westinghouse CBS Holdings Company, Inc.          Delaware              100%
Westinghouse Hanford Company                     Delaware              100%
Westinghouse Holdings Corporation                Delaware              100%
  Westinghouse de Puerto Rico, Inc.              Delaware              100%
  Westinghouse Electric S.A.                     Switzerland           100%
  Westinghouse International Technology
          Corporation                            Delaware              100%
  Westinghouse World Investment Corporation      Delaware              100%
  Westinghouse Foreign Sales Corporation         Barbados              100%
Westinghouse Industry Products
          International Company                  Delaware              100%
Westinghouse Norden Systems                      Delaware              100%
Westinghouse Overseas Service Corporation        Delaware              100%
Westinghouse Savannah River Company, Inc.        Delaware              100%
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
EXHIBIT 23                                            
                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in each prospectus
constituting part of the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 33- 41417,
33-41475, and 33-51298), and on Form S-8 (Nos. 2-83376, 2-92085, 33-44044,
33-45365, 33-46051, 33-46779, 33-51445, 33-51579, 33-53815, 33-53819, 33-62043,
and 33-62045) of Westinghouse Electric Corporation of our report dated February
12, 1996 appearing on page 30 of this Form 10-K.  We also consent to the
incorporation by reference of our report on the Financial Statement Schedule,
which appears on page 63 of this Form 10-K.


/s/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP

Price Waterhouse LLP
600 Grant Street
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219-9954
March 13, 1996


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 Exhibit 24

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 11th day of March, 1996.


                                          /s/ ROBERT E. CAWTHORN
                                         -----------------------   

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   2
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power 
of Attorney this 8th day of March, 1996.


                                         /s/ FRANK C. CARLUCCI
                                         ---------------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   3
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 11th day of March, 1996.


                                            /s/ GARY M. CLARK
                                            -----------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   4
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 11th day of March, 1996.


                                            /s/ DAVID K.P. LI
                                            -----------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   5
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 12th day of March, 1996.


                                            /s/ DAVID T. McLAUGHLIN 
                                            -----------------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   6
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 8th day of March, 1996.


                                           /s/ RICHARD M. MORROW
                                           ---------------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   7
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 11th day of March, 1996.


                                          /s/ RICHARD R. PIVIROTTO
                                          ------------------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   8
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 8th day of March, 1996.


                                              /s/ PAULA STERN
                                              ---------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   9
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 10th day of March, 1996.


                                              /s/ R. D. WALTER
                                              ----------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   10
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 11th day of March, 1996.


                                          /s/ FREDRIC G. REYNOLDS
                                          -----------------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   11
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 12th day of March, 1996.


                                            /s/ MICHAEL H. JORDAN
                                            ---------------------

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   12
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 11th day of March, 1996.


                                           /s/ WILLIAM H. GRAY, III
                                           ------------------------ 

LAW2:15091
<PAGE>   13
                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the undersigned director and/or officer
of WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation (the
"Company"), which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1995, hereby constitutes and appoints Michael H. Jordan and Fredric G. Reynolds
his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with
full power to act without the others, for him/her and in his/her name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any
and all amendments thereto, with power where appropriate to affix the corporate
seal of said Company thereto and to attest said seal, and to file said Form 10-K
and any and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and
things requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to
all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly signed this Power of
Attorney this 12th day of March, 1996.


                                           /s/ GEORGE H. CONRADES
                                           ---------------------- 

LAW2:15091
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>WESTINGHOUSE ELEC. 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<CIK> 0000106413
<NAME> WESTINGHOUSE
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                             213
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                    1,584
<ALLOWANCES>                                        39
<INVENTORY>                                        867
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 4,306
<PP&E>                                           3,653
<DEPRECIATION>                                   1,626
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  16,752
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            3,933
<BONDS>                                          7,226
<COMMON>                                           426
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                4
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                       1,078
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    16,752
<SALES>                                          6,296
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 6,296
<CGS>                                            4,480
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                    4,480
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 1,772
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 233
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    (40)
<INCOME-TAX>                                        (7)
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                (44)
<DISCONTINUED>                                      59
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                        15
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     (.05)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .03
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
