-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 I8FdZWlf5V+uqXfOR0LxU4pVg0CmT5QunBBrxdQ3BT2r3BLqDWh1a1kvx/68yxx/
 6QuvrEEzIuljJo23vOqw3g==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000897069-95-000215.txt : 19951229
<SEC-HEADER>0000897069-95-000215.hdr.sgml : 19951229
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897069-95-000215
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950930
FILED AS OF DATE:		19951228
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVERSAL FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000310142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				390561070
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07626
		FILM NUMBER:		95605226

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 EAST MICHIGAN ST
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4142716755

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 737
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNIVERSAL FOODS, INC. FORM 10-K
<TEXT>



                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C.  20549

                                    FORM 10-K

        [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
             EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
             For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 1995
                                 or
        [_]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
             Securities Exchange Act of 1934
             For the transition period from ____________ to ____________

                          Commission File Number 1-7626

                           UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                 Wisconsin                           39-0561070    
       (State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)           Identification No.)

          433 East Michigan Street
            Milwaukee, Wisconsin                        53202  
       (Address of principal executive               (Zip Code)
                  offices)

               Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
                                 (414) 271-6755

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT

                                          Name of each exchange
         Title of each class                 on which registered  

    Common Stock, $.10 par value     New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
    Associated Common Share
    Purchase Rights

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT
                                      None

             Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
   reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
   Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
   period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
   been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days.
   Yes   X     No      

             Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
   pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
   not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive
   proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
   this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.       

             Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
   issuer's classes of Common Stock as of December 1, 1995:  26,977,437
   shares of Common Stock, $.10 par value, including 863,500 treasury shares.

             Aggregate market value of Universal Foods Corporation Common
   Stock, excluding treasury shares, held by non-affiliates as of December 1,
   1995 was $873,323,603. 

                      Documents Incorporated By Reference 

             1.   Portions of Universal Foods Corporation 1995 Annual Report
   to Shareholders (Parts I, II and IV of Form 10-K)

             2.   Portions of Universal Foods Corporation Notice of Annual
   Meeting and Proxy Statement dated December 15, 1995 (Parts II and III of
   Form 10-K)

   <PAGE>
                                     PART I
   ITEM 1.   BUSINESS - Food

        Universal Foods Corporation (the "Company") was incorporated in 1882
   in Wisconsin.  Its principal executive offices are located at 433 East
   Michigan Street, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202, telephone (414) 271-6755. 
   The Company engages in the international development, manufacture and
   distribution of high-performance ingredients and ingredient systems to
   food products and other items.  Principal products of the Company include
   food, beverage and dairy flavors; certified and natural colors for foods,
   cosmetics and pharmaceuticals; dehydrated vegetable products; a diverse
   line of yeast products; and flavor enhancers, secondary flavorings and
   other bioproducts.  The Company exited the frozen potato business during
   Fiscal 1994.  

        The following material from the Universal Foods Corporation 1995
   Annual Report to Shareholders is incorporated by reference:

        "Management's Analysis of Operations and Financial Condition" on
        Pages 18 through 21 (but not any photographs or applicable
        information included therein).

        Note A - "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" on Page
        27.

        Note K - "Foreign Operations" on Page 32.


   Description  
                                     Flavor

        The Company conducts its food flavor business through its wholly-
   owned subsidiary Universal Flavor Corporation ("Universal Flavor"). 
   Universal Flavor manufactures and supplies flavors, ingredient systems and
   fragrances to the dairy, food processor, beverage and personal care and
   household products industries worldwide and is a recognized leader in the
   North American dairy and beverage flavor markets.  It operates plants
   located in Kearny, New Jersey; Amboy, Illinois; Indianapolis, Indiana; and
   Fenton, Missouri.  Universal Flavor has eleven additional plants in
   Canada, Mexico, Belgium, Great Britain, Italy, Spain, Australia, New
   Zealand, Hong Kong and the Philippines.  Products are sold primarily
   through employee sales representatives with some assistance from food
   brokers.

        Strategic acquisitions have expanded Universal Flavor's product lines
   and processing capabilities.  In April 1990, the Company acquired the
   international flavor business of Felton Worldwide, a subsidiary of
   Harrisons and Crosfield, PLC, of Great Britain.  This acquisition
   strengthened Universal Flavor's position as a major flavor producer in
   Great Britain and gave Universal Flavor a larger presence on the European
   continent and in the Pacific Rim.  In September 1991, the Company acquired
   Fantasy Flavors, Inc.  Combining Fantasy's product lines with the
   Company's existing BlankeBaer operation positioned Universal Flavor as the
   premier dairy ingredient systems supplier in North America.  The January
   1992 acquisition of Curt Georgi Imes, S.P.A. brought particular strength
   in the Italian bakery and dairy flavor markets, as well as experienced
   research and development and sophisticated analytical capabilities.  The
   January 1994 acquisition of Destillaciones Garcia de la Fuente, S.A.
   (DGF), based in Granada, Spain, provided a depth of expertise for
   expanding into aroma chemicals which are used to create flavors as well as
   fragrances.  In July 1994, Universal Flavor, through its international
   subsidiary, purchased its partner's 51% interest in Azteca en Ambesco de
   Mexico.  This purchase brought beverages and dairy flavor technology to
   the Company's other existing Mexican flavor business.  

                                      Color

        The Company, through its subsidiary Warner-Jenkinson Company ("W-J"),
   is the world's leading manufacturer of certified food colors.  It also has
   a growing share of the international natural color market.  Its products,
   sold under such trademarks as RED SEAL and SPECTRACOAT, are used by
   producers of beverages, bakery products, processed foods, confections, pet
   foods, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals.  W-J is headquartered in St. Louis,
   Missouri, the site of its major manufacturing facilities.  Cosmetic and
   pharmaceutical colors are produced in New Jersey.  Latin American
   customers are served by W-J de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., a manufacturing and
   sales subsidiary located just outside of Mexico City.  W-J Canada
   (formerly Dyeco Ltd.) operates out of Kingston, Ontario.  Other
   manufacturing facilities are located in King's Lynn, England; Amersfoort,
   The Netherlands; and Tullamarine, Victoria, Australia.  Domestically, the
   W-J product line is sold principally by the Company's own sales force. 
   International sales are made through distributors and directly by the
   Company.

        Recent acquisitions have strengthened the business internationally
   which operates under the W-J name.  In August 1991, the Company acquired
   the international food and cosmetic color operations of Morton
   International, Inc. which provided additional technology in cosmetic
   colors and a worldwide distribution network.  In June 1992, the Company
   acquired Butterfield Food Ingredients, Ltd., a British food color
   manufacturer with particular expertise in natural colors,  pharmaceutical
   applications and international distribution, particularly in the Far East. 
   During 1993, the Company acquired Spectrum S.A., a Mexican food color
   distributor with approximately 20% market share in that country. 

                               Dehydrated Products

        The Company's subsidiary, Rogers Foods, Inc. ("Rogers"), produces
   dehydrated onion and garlic and is believed to be the third largest
   producer of these products in the United States.  These items are marketed
   under the trademark ROGERS FOODS and private labels.  Rogers also produces
   and distributes chili powder, chili pepper, paprika, dehydrated vegetables
   such as parsley, celery and spinach, and oleoresin (a liquid chili pepper
   used as a highly concentrated coloring agent) under the brand name CHILI
   PRODUCTS.  Rogers believes it is one of the largest producers of these
   products.

        Rogers sells dehydrated products directly and through brokers to food
   manufacturers for use as ingredients and also for repackaging under
   private labels for sale to the retail market and to the food service
   industry.  Rogers' processing facilities are located in Turlock,
   Livingston and Greenfield, California.

        During 1994 and 1995, the Company acquired three European dehydrated
   vegetable processors.  The acquisitions give the Company a base from which
   to expand its dehydrated products business internationally.  These
   acquisitions also expand the Company's dehydrated technology base to
   include freeze drying, puffed drying and vacuum drying.  Vegetables
   processed using these technologies are premium products because they have
   a short reconstitution time, a benefit in today's convenience foods such
   as soups, snacks and other dry foods.

        The European businesses operate as UNIVERSAL DEHYDRATES.  The
   acquired companies formerly operated as Mallow Foods in Midleton, County
   Cork, Ireland; Silva Laon, located near Laon, France; and Top Foods in
   Elburg, the Netherlands.  The Company believes it is the leading
   dehydrator of specialty vegetables in Europe.

                                      Yeast

        The Company specializes in the production of compressed, cream,
   active dry and nutritional yeast products for sale to industrial,
   institutional and retail accounts under the RED STAR trademark.  The
   largest market for yeast is the domestic baking industry.  In addition,
   active dry yeast is sold to food processors for inclusion in bread, pizza
   and similar mixes.  The compressed, active dry and fast-acting dry yeast
   products of the Company bearing the RED STAR and RED STAR QUICK RISE
   trademarks are sold in ready-to-use packages to retail stores and in two
   pound packages for food service use.  The Company believes it is the
   largest North American supplier of yeast to the commercial bakery market
   and the second largest supplier to the retail market.

        The business also exports yeast and allied products throughout the
   world and manages investments in companies operating yeast and allied
   product facilities in 12 offshore locations, two of which are wholly-owned
   subsidiaries.  The Company receives revenues in the form of dividends and
   technical assistance fees from these foreign affiliates.

        Company owned yeast plants are located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin;
   Baltimore, Maryland; Dallas, Texas; and Oakland, California.  The Company
   distributes its fermentation products largely through its own sales force. 
   In 1994, the Company purchased a 20% stock interest in and entered an
   agreement with Minn-Dak Yeast Company, Inc. in Wahpeton, North Dakota for
   contract manufacturing under the RED STAR trademark and to supply
   molasses, a major raw material in yeast production, to the Company.

                                   BioProducts

        During 1994, the Company created the Red Star BioProducts Division
   from its existing Red Star Specialty Products Division and two
   acquisitions.  Red Star Specialty Products had been established as a
   small, stand-alone profit center in 1989 out of the Company's yeast group. 
   With internally developed expertise, the group focused on highly technical
   product development using extracts from brewer's and baker's yeast. 
   During 1993, Universal BioVentures, the Company's biotechnology group, was
   integrated into Red Star Specialty Products to develop new products
   utilizing the Company's expertise in fermentation and molecular biology. 
   The BioVentures product line was discontinued in 1995 because of the
   continuing development costs and funding required for expansion.

        The 1994 acquisitions of Champlain Industries Limited and the Biolux
   Group expanded the division's product lines and international presence,
   making the division a more significant part of the Company.  Champlain
   Industries Limited produces savory flavorings and flavor enhancers from
   vegetable proteins, yeast, meats and milk protein. It is a leading
   producer of hydrolyzed vegetable proteins (HVP) in North America.  The
   Company has operations in Canada, the U.S., and the United Kingdom. 

        The Biolux Group is the leading European producer of food,
   nutritional and feed ingredients derived from brewer's yeast.  The
   acquisition makes the Company the world leader in brewer's yeast extract
   technology, production and sales.  The Biolux Group consists of New Biolux
   in Belgium and Vitalevor in France.  Its products include flavor
   enhancers, health foods, feed ingredients and nutrients for pharmaceutical
   and biotechnology processes.  The Biolux Group is a major purchaser and
   processor of brewer's yeast in the European market.
    
        The expanded Red Star BioProducts Division serves the food and feed
   processing and bionutrient industries with the broadest line of natural
   extracts and specialty cultures.  It supplies various natural extracts
   from brewer's yeast, baker's yeast, vegetable proteins, meat, casein and
   other naturally occurring materials.  These specialty extracts function
   primarily as flavor and texture modifiers and enhancers, and secondary
   flavorings in the food processing industries.  The nutritional and
   functional properties of Red Star BioProducts extracts are the basis for
   their use in enzyme and pharmaceutical production.

        The Company believes Red Star BioProducts is the leading supplier of
   yeast extracts and second in the supply of HVPs in the U.S. market.  The
   products are marketed under a number of RED STAR and CHAMPLAIN trademarks. 


        The expanded division operates production facilities in Juneau,
   Wisconsin; Harbor Beach, Michigan; Clifton, New Jersey; and in Canada, the
   United Kingdom, Belgium and France.  More than half of the Division's
   products are now produced outside of the United States.  Its products are
   marketed through technically trained sales personnel directly to the
   customer and through distributors in some international markets.

                                  Frozen Foods

        On August 1, 1994, the Company completed the sale of Universal Frozen
   Foods Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("Frozen Foods"),
   to ConAgra, Inc.  The sale was a major step in Universal Foods' strategic
   transition to a focus on high-performance ingredients and ingredient
   systems for foods and other products. 

     Frozen Foods produced frozen potato products for U.S. and international
   markets, selling most of its product to the food service industry.  It had
   a share of the retail market with branded and private labeled products. 
   It operated processing facilities in Twin Falls, Idaho; Hermiston, Oregon;
   and Pasco, Washington.  


   Research and Development/Quality Assurance 

     The Company believes that its competitive advantage and ability to
   develop and deliver high-performance products is based on its technical
   expertise in the processing and application of its technology for foods
   and other products.  Therefore, the Company provides an above-industry
   average investment in research, development and quality assurance, and is
   committed to the training and development of its people.

     The Company employs approximately 400 people in research and quality
   assurance.  Over the past five years, expenditures as a percentage of
   revenue have increased from 3.0% in 1991 to 3.6% in 1995.  Expenditures in
   fiscal 1995 decreased 11.4% from fiscal 1994 to $28.6 million from $32.2
   million.  This decrease is a direct result of the sale of Frozen Foods. 
   Frozen Foods accounted for $4.1 million in expenditures during fiscal
   1994.  Expenditures in fiscal 1994 increased 13% to $32.2 million from
   $28.5 million in fiscal 1993.   The Company's commitment to research and
   product development continues at a level significantly higher than the
   food industry average.  Of the aforesaid amounts, approximately $17.9
   million in fiscal 1993, $20.4 million in fiscal 1994 and $19.3 million in
   fiscal 1995, were research and development expenses as defined by the
   Financial Accounting Standards Board.

     In 1992, the Company completed a new research center for seed genetics
   and tissue culture at Livingston, California, for Dehydrated Products, and
   the Company enlarged food flavor research laboratories in Kearny, New
   Jersey.  During 1993, beverage flavor laboratories in Indianapolis were
   enlarged, new modern laboratories for research on color products at W-J's
   production site in St. Louis, Missouri were completed, and a new facility
   for quality assurance and technical customer services was added to the
   Turlock, California complex.   All of these facilities are designed to
   meet the specialized, strategic needs of the Company's operating units.

     The Company continued its comprehensive training program designed to
   introduce all personnel to team problem solving using statistical process
   control, teamwork and communication procedures under a program named "The
   Universal Way."  This program promotes the Company's commitment to
   continuous quality improvement of its products and services as a primary
   Company objective.

     As part of its commitment to quality as a competitive advantage, the
   Company has undertaken efforts to achieve certification to quality
   standards established by the International Organization for
   Standardization in Geneva, Switzerland, through its ISO 9000 series.  Red
   Star BioProducts believes it was the first North American ingredients
   supplier to receive ISO 9002 certification.  To date, Universal Flavor
   facilities in Indiana and New Jersey in the United States and facilities
   in The Netherlands and United Kingdom have also been certified. 
   Dehydrated Product facilities in California, in the United States, and in
   Ireland, France and the Netherlands have also been certified.


   Competition

     All Company products are sold in highly competitive markets.  Since the
   Company and its competitors utilize similar methods of production,
   marketing and delivery, the Company competes primarily on process and
   applications expertise, quality and service.  Universal Foods competes
   with only a few companies across multiple ingredient lines and is more
   likely to encounter competition specific to individual businesses.

     With the evolution of food processing as a global business, competition
   to supply the industry has taken on an increasingly global nature.  In the
   worldwide flavor market, the Company's principal competition comes from
   other U.S. and European producers.  Building an international presence is
   a key goal for Universal Flavor as witnessed by acquisitions and the
   completion of a plant in Belgium in order to meet increasing international
   flavor demands.

     W-J is the leading producer of certified colors in North America and
   Western Europe.  State of the art equipment, the latest process
   technology, a Color Service Laboratory unequaled in the industry, and the
   most complete range of synthetic and natural colors constitute the basis
   for its market leadership position.  Acquisitions have resulted in product
   and process technology synergies, particularly in the cosmetic color
   market, as well as a growing international presence.

     For Dehydrated Products, acquisitions in Europe provide international
   expansion and strengthen export opportunities for U.S. based operations. 
   The Company believes it is now the leading dehydrator of specialty
   vegetables in Europe and the third largest producer of onion and garlic in
   North America.  Competition in Red Star BioProducts comes primarily from
   domestic and European producers.  Red Star BioProducts is the leading
   producer of flavor enhancers in North America; competition in the European
   market is fragmented.  Red Star yeast and Products competes primarily in
   the North American market and has two major competitors.


   Products and Application Activities 

     With the Company's strategic focus on high-performance ingredients and
   ingredient systems, the Company's emphasis has shifted from the
   development of major new products to application activities and processing
   improvements in the support of its customers' numerous new and
   reformulated products.  The Company maintains many of its proprietary
   processes and formulae as trade secrets and under secrecy agreements with
   customers.

     Development activities include a line of stable aqueous dispersion of
   colors for foods and pharmaceutical products.  Patents have been granted
   on the products marketed under the SPECTRASPRAY label and applied for on
   the SPECTRABLEND label.  The development of natural food colors continues
   to expand and is a growth opportunity for W-J.

     A variety of activities at Universal Flavor focus on the development of
   natural flavors and flavor solutions for low-fat and no-fat applications. 
   The group has developed a reaction flavor for imparting animal fat flavor
   to nutritionally preferred vegetable oils.  Using new reaction and
   extraction processes, a line of natural roasted onion, garlic and pepper
   flavors has been created.  A new technology was installed for production
   of aseptically processed fruits.  Emphasis has been placed on the
   development of low-fat dairy and bakery flavor and ingredients systems. 
   New flavored fruit and spice pieces have also been developed to provide
   new textures, flavors and unique performance properties in bakery items.

     In 1993 Red Star BioProducts introduced the Flavor Mate 950 series, the
   most potent flavor enhancer on the market, and the Savory Mate series,
   which are flavor enhancers designed for specific areas such as beef,
   poultry, pork, etc.  Acquisitions in 1994 expanded the divisions product
   line particularly in hydrolyzed vegetable proteins.  The transfer of
   technology to European acquisitions begun in 1995 will allow the
   production of food and pharmaceutical grade extracts from brewing yeast.

     European acquisitions in 1994 and 1995 expanded the Dehydrated Products
   product line to include peas, carrots, beans, celery root and other
   specialty vegetables.

     In addition, the discussion of operational activities on Page 16 of the
   1995 Annual Report to Shareholders is incorporated by reference.

   Raw Materials 

     The principal raw material used in the production of yeast products is
   molasses, which is purchased through brokers and producers under yearly
   fixed-price contracts.  Processes have been developed to permit partial
   replacement of molasses with alternate, readily available substrates for
   use if molasses supplies should become limited.  In 1994, the Company
   entered a supply agreement with Minn-Dak Yeast Company, Inc., a major
   North American molasses supplier, to provide additional assurances of
   adequate supplies.

     Chili peppers, onion, garlic and other vegetables are acquired under
   annual contracts with numerous growers in the western United States and
   Europe.  Chemicals and petrochemicals used to produce certified colors are
   obtained from several domestic and foreign suppliers.  Raw materials for
   natural colors, such as carmine, beta carotene, annatto and tumeric, are
   purchased from overseas and U.S. sources.  In the production of flavors,
   the principal raw materials include essential oils, aroma chemicals,
   botanicals, fruits and juices and are obtained from local vendors.  Flavor
   enhancers and secondary flavors are produced from brewer's yeast, baker's
   yeast from the Company's own operations, and vegetable materials such as
   corn and soybeans.  The acquisition of the Biolux Group in 1994 provides
   long-term contracts on supplies of brewer's yeast for European production
   needs.

     The Company believes that its required raw materials are generally in
   adequate supply and available from numerous competitively priced sources.


   Patents, Formulae and Trademarks 

     The Company owns or controls many patents, formulae and trademarks
   related to its businesses.  The businesses are not materially dependent
   upon patent or trademark protection; however, trademarks, patents and
   formulae are important for the continued consistent growth of the Company.

   Employees

     As of September 30, 1995, the Company employed about 4,100 persons
   worldwide (which includes approximately 200 seasonal employees).
   Approximately 430 employees are represented by one of 12 union contracts
   with whom the Company has collective bargaining relationships.  The
   Company considers its employee relations to be good.

   Regulation 

     Compliance with government provisions regulating the discharge of
   material into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of
   the environment, did not have a material adverse effect on the Company's
   operations for the year covered by this report nor is such compliance
   expected to have a material effect in the succeeding two years.  As is
   true with the food industry in general, the production, packaging,
   labeling and distribution of the Company's products are subject to the
   regulations of various federal, state and local governmental agencies, in
   particular the Food & Drug Administration.

   ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES

     Domestically, the Company operates eighteen manufacturing and processing
   plants in ten states as of September 30, 1995.  Four plants produced
   bakers yeast, four facilities provided flavor enhancers and bioproducts,
   three produced dehydrated products, two plants produced colors and four
   plants produced flavors.  None of these properties are held subject to any
   material encumbrances. The Company also has investments in fifteen
   companies operating yeast and allied product facilities located in twelve
   offshore locations.  The Company operates five color plants, eleven flavor
   plants, five bioproducts facilities and three dehydrated vegetable plants
   in thirteen foreign countries.

   ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company is a party to various legal proceedings of a character
   regarded as normal to its business and in which, the Company believes,
   adverse decisions, in the aggregate, would not subject the Company to
   damages of a material amount.

   ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the
   last quarter of fiscal 1995.

   ITEM 4(a).  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The executive officers of the registrant and their ages as of December
   1, 1995 are as follows:

                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

            Name              Age               Position

    Guy A. Osborn             59     Chairman, Chief Executive
                                     Officer and Director

    Kenneth P. Manning        53     President, Chief Operating
                                     Officer and Director

    Richard Carney            45     Vice President - Human
                                     Resources

    Steven O. Cordier         39     Treasurer

    Thomas J. Degnan          47     President, Red Star
                                     BioProducts Division

    Michael Fung              45     Vice President - Chief
                                     Financial Officer

    Michael L. Hennen         42     Controller

    Richard F. Hobbs          48     Vice President -
                                     Administration

    R. Steven Martin          39     President, Red Star Yeast &
                                     Products Division

    Terrence M. O'Reilly      50     Vice President, Secretary and
                                     General Counsel

    James F. Palo             55     President, Dehydrated
                                     Products
                                     Division

    Dr. Gary W. Sanderson     60     Vice President, Technologies

    Kenneth G. Scheffel       59     Vice President, Chemical
                                     Technologies

    Charles G. Tuchel         40     President, Flavor Division

    Michael A. Wick           52     President, Color Division

        All of these individuals have been employed by the Company in an
   executive capacity for more than five years, except Richard Carney, Steven
   O. Cordier, Michael L. Hennen, R. Steven Martin, Charles G. Tuchel and
   Michael Fung.

        Mr. Carney was elected Vice President - Human Resources in April
   1993.  He joined the Company in 1981 as Treasury Manager and held various
   positions in the Treasurer's Department until 1986 when he assumed the
   Director of Benefits responsibilities which he performed until being
   elected a Vice President.

        Mr. Tuchel joined the Company in May 1992 as the Managing Director -
   Europe for the Color Division.  In October 1994, he was promoted to Vice
   President and General Manager of Universal Flavors International, and in
   June 1995 elected President - Flavors Division.  Prior to joining the
   Company, Mr. Tuchel was Business Manager at ICI Petrochemicals from 1990
   through 1992.

        Mr. Martin joined the Company as Vice President - Marketing of its
   Red Star Yeast & Products Division in 1993.  In June 1995, Mr. Martin was
   elected President - Red Star Yeast & Products Division.  Prior to joining
   the Company, Mr. Martin was with the Monsanto Company since 1978 in
   various general management positions.

        Mr. Hennen joined the Company in January 1995 as Controller.  From
   1985 until joining the Company he was a Senior Manager at Deloitte &
   Touche LLP, a public accounting firm providing audit and tax services to
   the Company as its outside auditor.

        Mr. Cordier joined the Company in October 1995 as Treasurer.  From
   1990 until joining the Company he was Director of Financial Planning at
   International Flavors and Fragrances, a $1.3 billion New York Stock
   Exchange company.

        Mr. Fung joined the Company in June 1995 as Vice President - Chief
   Financial Officer.  From 1992 to 1995 he served as Senior Vice President
   and Chief Financial Officer for Vanstar Corporation, the world's largest
   manufacturer and integrator of multi-vendor personal computer systems and
   services.  From 1988 to 1992, Mr. Fung was Vice President and Chief
   Financial Officer of Bass Pro Shops & Tracker Marine, privately-held
   companies operated under common ownership involved in the manufacture and
   marketing of outdoor sporting goods.

                                     PART II

   ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
             MATTERS

        The principal market in which the common stock of the Company is
   traded is the New York Stock Exchange.  The range of the high and low
   sales prices as quoted in the New York Stock Exchange - Composite
   Transaction tape for the common stock of the Company and the amount of
   dividends declared for fiscal 1995 appearing under "Quarterly Financial
   Data" on Page 22 of the 1995 Annual Report of the Company are incorporated
   by reference.  Common stock dividends were paid on a quarterly basis, and
   it is expected that quarterly dividends will continue to be paid in the
   future.  In addition to the restrictions contained in its Restated
   Articles of Incorporation, the Company is subject to restrictions on the
   amount of dividends which may be paid on its common stock under the
   provisions of various credit agreements.  On the basis of the consolidated
   financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 1995, $29,737,000
   is available for the payment of dividends on the common stock of the
   Company under the most restrictive loan covenants.

        The Company had a stock repurchase program, initially announced June
   7, 1984, under which the authorization terminated in fiscal 1994. 
   Consequently, on January 27, 1994 the Board of Directors established a new
   share repurchase program which authorizes the Company to repurchase up to
   2.5 million shares.  As of September 30, 1995, 65,000 had been repurchased
   under the new authorization.

        On September 8, 1988 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a
   common stock shareholder rights plan which is described at Note F of Notes
   to Consolidated Financial Statements - Shareholders' Equity on Pages 29,
   30 and 31 of the 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders and which is
   incorporated by reference.

        The number of shareholders of record on December 1, 1995 was 6,065.

   ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

        The selected financial data required by this item is incorporated by
   reference from the "Five-Year Review" and the notes thereto of the 1995
   Annual Report to Shareholders on Page 34.

   ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
             RESULTS OF OPERATION 

        Management's Analysis of Operations and Financial Condition is
   incorporated by reference from Pages 18 through 21 of the 1995 Annual
   Report to Shareholders.

   ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

        The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item
   are set forth on Pages 22 through 33 of the 1995 Annual Report to
   Shareholders and are incorporated by reference.

   ITEM 9.   DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

             None.


                                    PART III

   ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

        Information regarding directors and officers appearing under
   "Election of Directors" (ending before "Committees of the Board of
   Directors") and "Other Matters" on Pages 2 through Page 6 and Page 15,
   respectively, of the Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement of the
   Company dated December 15, 1995, is incorporated by reference.

   ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

        Information relating to compensation of directors and officers is
   incorporated by reference from "Director Compensation and Benefits," and
   "Compensation and Development Committee Report" and "Executive
   Compensation" on Pages 7 through 14 of the Notice of Annual Meeting and
   Proxy Statement of the Company dated December 15, 1995.

   ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

        The discussion of securities ownership of certain beneficial owners
   and management appearing under "Principal Shareholders" on Pages 8 through
   9 of the Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement of the Company dated
   December 15, 1995, is incorporated by reference.

   ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

        There are no family relationships between any of the directors,
   nominees for director and officers of the Company nor any arrangement or
   understanding between any director or officer or any other person pursuant
   to which any of the nominees has been nominated.  No director, nominee for
   director or officer had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any
   business transaction of the Company or any subsidiary during the period
   October 1, 1994 through September 30, 1995, or in any such proposed
   transaction.  In the ordinary course of business, the Company engages in
   business transactions with companies whose officers or directors are also
   directors of the Company. These transactions are routine in nature and are
   conducted on an arm's-length basis.  The terms of any such transactions
   are comparable at all times to those obtainable in business transactions
   with unrelated persons.

                                     PART IV

   ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

             (a)  Documents filed:

             1. and 2.  Financial Statements and Financial Statement
        Schedule.  (See following "List of Financial Statements and
        Financial Statement Schedules.")

             3.   Exhibits.  (See Exhibit Index on the last page of this
        report.)  (No instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term
        debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are filed
        herewith because no long-term debt instrument authorizes securities
        exceeding 10% of the total consolidated assets of the Company.  The
        Company agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the
        Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.)

             (b)  Reports on Form 8-K:     None

         List Of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules


                                                              Page Reference
                                                              in 1995 Annual
                                                                Report to
      1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                 Shareholders

          The following consolidated financial
          statements of Universal Foods Corporation and
          Subsidiaries are incorporated by reference
          from the Annual Report to Shareholders for the
          year ended September 30, 1995.
          Independent Auditors' Report                              33
          Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 1995
            and 1994                                                24
          Consolidated Earnings - Years ended September 30,
            1995, 1994 and 1993                                     23
          Consolidated Shareholders' Equity - Years ended 
            September 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993                       25
          Consolidated Cash Flows - Years ended
            September 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993                       26
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             27 - 32

                                                              Page Reference
      2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                        in Form 10-K 

          Independent Auditors' Report                              15
          Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
            and Reserves                                            16

        All other schedules are omitted because they are inapplicable, not
   required by the instructions or the information is included in the
   consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

   <PAGE>
   Deloitte & Touche                                411 East Wisconsin Avenue
   LLP                                              Milwaukee, WI  53202-4496

   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


   To the Shareholders and Directors
      of Universal Foods Corporation


   We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Universal Foods
   Corporation as of September 30, 1995 and 1994 and for each of the three
   years in the period ended September 30, 1995, and have issued our report
   thereon dated November 9, 1995, which report expresses an unqualified
   opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the change in
   methods of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions and
   postemployment benefits to conform with Statements of Financial Accounting
   Standards No. 106 and No. 112, respectively; such consolidated financial
   statements and report are included in your 1995 Annual Report to
   Shareholders and are incorporated herein by reference.  Our audits also
   included the consolidated financial statement schedule of Universal Foods
   Corporation, listed in Item 14.  This consolidated financial statement
   schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
   responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.  In our
   opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered
   in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a
   whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
   therein.


   DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

   November 9, 1995

   <PAGE>
                                                                  SCHEDULE II


   <TABLE>
              UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING

                          ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES

                             (In Thousands)

             Years ended September 30, 1995, 1994, and 1993
   <CAPTION>

   Valuation accounts
     deducted in the                                          Additions    
   balance sheet from         Balance at    Charged to                            Balance at
   the assets to which        beginning     costs and      Net                       end of
      they apply              of period      expenses   acquired   Deductions       period    
   <S>                          <C>           <C>       <C>         <C>              <C>

     1993
   Allowance for losses:
     Trade accounts 
       receivable               $3,357        $  988    $   ---     $1,039  (A)      $3,306

     1994
   Allowance for losses:
     Trade accounts
       receivable               $3,306        $  971    $   637     $1,387  (A)      $3,527


     1995
   Allowance for losses:
     Trade accounts
       receivable               $3,527        $1,356    $   ---     $1,115  (A)      $3,768


   (A) Divestiture and accounts written off, less recoveries.
   </TABLE>

   <PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

   PURSUANT to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
   Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
   signed on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized.

                                   UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION



                                   /s/  T. M. O'Reilly                       
                                   T. M. O'Reilly, Vice President
                                   Secretary & General Counsel



   Dated: December 22, 1995

   PURSUANT to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
   report has been signed below on December 22, 1995, by the following
   persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.



   /s/ Guy A. Osborn                  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
                                      Director



   /s/ Kenneth P. Manning             President, Chief Operating Officer and
                                      Director


   /s/ Michael Fung                   Vice President - Chief Financial
                                      Officer



   /s/ Michael L. Hennen              Corporate Controller



   /s/ Michael E. Batten              Director



   /s/ John F. Bergstrom              Director



   /s/ James L. Forbes                Director



   /s/ Dr. Olan D. Forker             Director



   /s/ Dr. Carol I. Waslien Ghazaii   Director



   /s/ Leon T. Kendall                Director



   /s/ James H. Keyes                 Director



   /s/ Charles S. McNeer              Director



   /s/ John L. Murray                 Director



   /s/ William U. Parfet              Director



   /s/ Essie Whitelaw                 Director

   <PAGE>
                           UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
                         1994 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                                           Incorporated
   Exhibit                                  Herein by              Filed
   Number      Description                   Reference            Herewith

     3.1       Restated Articles of        (Previously filed at
               Incorporation               Exhibit 3.1 to the
                                           1993 Annual Report on
                                           Form 10-K)

     3.2       Restated Bylaws                                        X

     4         Shareholders Rights Plan    (Previously filed on   
                                           Form 8-A dated
                                           September 15, 1988 as
                                           amended by Exhibit 3
                                           to Form 8 dated
                                           December 22, 1988 and
                                           by Exhibits 4 and 5
                                           to Form 8 dated
                                           September 14, 1990)

    10         Material Contracts          

              *(a)   Executive             (Previously filed at
                     Employment            Exhibit 10(a) to the
                     Contract              1985 Annual Report on
                                           Form 10-K)

              *(b)   1981 Incentive        (Previously filed
                     Stock Option Plan     with the Notice of
                                           Annual Meeting &
                                           Proxy Statement dated
                                           December 5, 1981)

              *(c)   1985 Stock Plan       (Previously filed
                     for Executive         with the Notice of
                     Employees             Annual Meeting &
                                           Proxy Statement dated
                                           December 12, 1985)

              *(d)   1990 Employee         (Previously filed
                     Stock Plan            with the Notice of
                                           Annual Meeting &
                                           Proxy Statement dated
                                           December 18, 1989)

              *(e)   Director Stock        (Previously filed as
                     Grant Plan, as        Exhibit 10(e) to the
                     amended               1991 Annual Report on
                                           Form 10-K)

              *(f)   Management Income     (Previously filed as
                     Deferral Plan         Exhibit 10(f) to the
                                           1991 Annual Report on
                                           Form 10-K)

              *(g)   Executive Income      (Previously filed as
                     Deferral Plan         Exhibit 10(g) to the
                                           1991 Annual Report on
                                           Form 10-K)

              *(h)   Change of Control                                X
                     Employment and
                     Severance
                     Agreement

               (i)   Trust Agreement       (Previously filed as
                     dated January 18,     Exhibit 18 to
                     1988 between the      Amendment No. 1 of
                     Company and           the Company's
                     Marshall & Ilsley     Schedule 14D-9 filed
                     Trust Company         December 9, 1988)

               (j)   Trust Agreement       (Previously filed as
                     dated January 18,     Exhibit 19 to
                     1988 between the      Amendment No. 1 of
                     Company and           the Company's
                     Marshall & Ilsley     Schedule 14D-9 filed
                     Trust Company         December 9, 1988)

               (k)   Trust Agreement       (Previously filed as
                     dated September       Exhibit 20 to
                     18, 1988 between      Amendment No. 1 of
                     the Company and       the Company's
                     Marshall & Ilsley     Schedule 14D-9 filed
                     Trust Company         December 9, 1988)

              *(l)   Management            (Previously filed as
                     Incentive Plan for    Exhibit 10(i) to the
                     Major Corporate       1991 Annual Report on
                     Executives            Form 10-K)

              *(m)   1994 Employees        (Previously filed on
                     Stock Option Plan     Form S-8 dated
                                           September 12, 1994)


    13         Portions of Annual Report   
               to Shareholders for the
               year ended September 30,                              X
               1995 that are
               incorporated by reference

    21         Significant Subsidiaries    
               of Universal Foods
               Corporation                                           X

    23         Consent of Deloitte &       
               Touche LLP                                            X

    27         Financial Data Schedule                               X


    99         Notice of Annual Meeting    (Previously filed via
               and Proxy Statement,        the EDGAR System on
               dated December 15, 1995     December 14, 1995 as
                                           the Company's
                                           Schedule 14A)

                                           Except to the extent
                                           incorporated by
                                           reference, the Proxy
                                           Statement shall not
                                           be deemed to be filed
                                           with the Securities
                                           and Exchange
                                           Commission as part of
                                           this annual Report on
                                           Form 10-K.


   * Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2 - RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 3.2

                           UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION

                                     BYLAWS

                      (As Amended Through November 9, 1995)

                                   1.  OFFICES

             1.1  Business Offices.  The principal office of the corporation
   in the State of Wisconsin shall be located in the City of Milwaukee,
   County of Milwaukee.  The corporation may have such other offices, either
   within or without the State of Wisconsin, as the Board of Directors may
   designate or as the business of the corporation may require from time to
   time.

             1.2  Registered Office.  The registered office of the
   corporation required by the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law to be
   maintained in the State of Wisconsin may be, but need not be, identical
   with the principal office in the State of Wisconsin, and the address of
   the registered office may be changed from time to time by the Board of
   Directors.

   2.  SHAREHOLDERS

             2.1  Annual Meeting.  The date of the annual meeting of
   shareholders shall be set by the Board of Directors each year for the
   third Thursday after the first Friday of January, or on such other day as
   may be designated by the Board of Directors, for the purpose of electing
   directors and transacting such other business as may come before the
   meeting; provided, however, that any such other date shall be not later
   than March 1.  In fixing a meeting date for any annual meeting of
   shareholders, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems
   relevant within the good faith exercise of its business judgment.  If the
   election of directors shall not be held at the annual meeting of
   shareholders, or at any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors shall
   cause the election to be held at a special meeting of shareholders as soon
   thereafter as convenient.

             2.1A Purposes of Annual Meeting.  At an annual meeting of
   shareholders (an "Annual Meeting"), only business properly brought before
   the meeting as provided in this Section may be transacted.  To be properly
   brought before an Annual Meeting, business must be (i) specified in the
   notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the
   direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) brought before the meeting by or
   at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) otherwise properly
   brought before the meeting by a shareholder of record where the
   shareholder has complied with the requirements of this Section.  To bring
   business before an Annual Meeting, a shareholder must have given written
   notice thereof, either by personal delivery or by United States certified
   mail, postage prepaid, to the Secretary of the corporation, that is
   received by the Secretary not more than ninety (90) days and not less than
   fifty (50) days in advance of the third Thursday after the first Friday in
   the month of January next following the last Annual Meeting held; provided
   that if the Annual Meeting of shareholders is held earlier than the third
   Thursday after the first Friday in the month of January, such notice must
   be given on or before the later of (x) the date fifty (50) days prior to
   the earlier date of the Annual Meeting and (y) the date ten (10) business
   days after the first public disclosure, which may include any public
   filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a press release to
   Dow Jones & Company or any similar service, of the earlier date of the
   Annual Meeting.  Any such notice shall set forth the following as to each
   matter the shareholder proposes to bring before the Annual Meeting:  (A) a
   brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting
   and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and, if such
   business includes a proposal to amend the By-laws of the corporation, the
   language of the proposed amendment; (B) the name and address, as they
   appear on the corporation's books, of the shareholder proposing such
   business and the beneficial owner or owners, if any, on whose behalf the
   business is proposed; (C) the class and number of shares of the
   corporation which are beneficially owned by such shareholder and
   beneficial owner or owners; (D) a representation that the shareholder is a
   holder of record of stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such
   meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to
   propose such business; and (E) any material interest of the shareholder
   and beneficial owner or owners in such business and such persons' reasons
   for conducting such business at the meeting.  Notwithstanding anything in
   the By-laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an Annual
   Meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
   Section.  If the chairman of the shareholders meeting shall determine that
   business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance
   with the provisions of the By-laws, he shall so declare to the meeting and
   any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be
   transacted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, a
   shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
   Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
   thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section.

             2.2  Special Meetings.  (a)  A special meeting of the
   shareholders of the corporation (a "Special Meeting") may be called only
   by (i) the Chairman of the Board, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer or
   (iii) the Board of Directors and shall be called by the Chairman of the
   Board or the Chief Executive Officer upon the demand, in accordance with
   this Section 2.2, of the holders of record of shares representing at least
   10% of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be
   considered at the Special Meeting.  Only such business shall be conducted
   at a Special Meeting as shall have been described in the notice of meeting
   sent to shareholders pursuant to Section 2.4 of these Bylaws.

             (b)  To enable the corporation to determine the shareholders
   entitled to demand a Special Meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a
   record date to determine the shareholders entitled to make such a demand
   (the "Demand Record Date").  The Demand Record Date shall not precede the
   date upon which the resolution fixing the Demand Record Date is adopted by
   the Board of Directors and shall not be more than 10 days after the date
   upon which the resolution fixing the Demand Record Date is adopted by the
   Board of Directors.  Any shareholder of record seeking to have
   shareholders demand a Special Meeting shall, by sending written notice to
   the Secretary of the corporation by hand or by certified or registered
   mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a
   Demand Record Date.  The Board of Directors shall promptly, but in all
   events within 10 days after the date on which a valid request to fix a
   Demand Record Date is received, adopt a resolution fixing the Demand
   Record Date and shall make a public announcement of such Demand Record
   Date.  If no Demand Record Date has been fixed by the Board of Directors
   within 10 days after the date on which such request is received by the
   Secretary, the Demand Record Date shall be the 10th day after the first
   date on which a valid written request to set a Demand Record Date is
   received by the Secretary.  To be valid, such written request shall set
   forth the purpose or purposes for which the Special Meeting is to be held,
   shall be signed by one or more shareholders of record (or their duly
   authorized proxies or other representatives), shall bear the date of
   signature of each such shareholder (or proxy or other representative) and
   shall set forth all information about each such shareholder and about the
   beneficial owner or owners, if any, on whose behalf the request is made
   that would be required to be set forth in a shareholder's notice described
   in Sections 2.1A and 3.8A of these Bylaws.

             (c)  For a shareholder or shareholders to demand a Special
   Meeting, a written demand or demands for a Special Meeting by the holders
   of record as of the Demand Record Date of shares representing at least 10%
   of all the votes entitled to be cast on each issue proposed to be
   considered at the Special Meeting must be delivered to the corporation. 
   To be valid, each written demand by a shareholder for a Special Meeting
   shall set forth the specific purpose or purposes for which the Special
   Meeting is to be held (which purpose or purposes shall be limited to the
   purpose or purposes set forth in the written request to set a Demand
   Record Date received by the corporation pursuant to paragraph (b) of this
   Section 2.2), shall be signed by one or more persons who as of the Demand
   Record Date are shareholders of record (or their duly authorized proxies
   or other representatives), shall bear the date of signature of each such
   shareholder (or proxy or other representative), and shall set forth the
   name and address, as they appear in the corporation's books, of each
   shareholder signing such demand and the class and number of shares of the
   corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by each such
   shareholder, shall be sent to the Secretary by hand or by certified or
   registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be received by the
   Secretary within 70 days after the Demand Record Date.

             (d)  The corporation shall not be required to call a Special
   Meeting upon shareholder demand unless, in addition to the documents
   required by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.2, the Secretary receives a
   written agreement signed by each Soliciting Shareholder, pursuant to which
   each Soliciting Shareholder, jointly and severally, agrees to pay the
   corporation's costs of holding the Special Meeting, including the costs of
   preparing and mailing proxy materials for the corporation's own
   solicitation, provided that if each of the resolutions introduced by any
   Soliciting Shareholder at such meeting is adopted, and each of the
   individuals nominated by or on behalf of any Soliciting Shareholder for
   election as director at such meeting is elected, then the Soliciting
   Shareholders shall not be required to pay such costs.  For purposes of
   this paragraph (d), the following terms shall have the meanings set forth
   below:

             (i)  "Affiliate" of any Person shall mean any Person
   controlling, controlled by or under common control with such first Person.

             (ii) "Participant" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
   in Rule 14a-11 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
   amended (the "Exchange Act").

             (iii) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation,
   partnership, joint venture association, trust, unincorporated organization
   or other entity.

             (iv) "Proxy" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in
   Rule 14a-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

             (v)  "Solicitation" shall have the meaning assigned to such term
   in Rule 14a-11 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

             (vi) "Soliciting Shareholder" shall mean, with respect to any
   Special Meeting demanded by a shareholder or shareholders, any of the
   following Persons:

                  (A)  if the number of shareholders signing the demand or
   demands of meeting delivered to the corporation pursuant to paragraph (c)
   of this Section 2.2 is ten or fewer, each shareholder signing any such
   demand;

                  (B)  if the number of shareholders signing the demand or
   demands of meeting delivered to the corporation pursuant to paragraph (c)
   of this Section 2.2 is more than ten, each Person who either (I) was a
   Participant in any Solicitation of such demand or demands or (II) at the
   time of the delivery to the corporation of the documents described in
   paragraph (c) of this Section 2.2, had engaged or intended to engage in
   any Solicitation of Proxies for use at such Special Meeting (other than a
   Solicitation of Proxies on behalf of the corporation); or

                  (C)  any Affiliate of a Soliciting Shareholder, if a
   majority of the directors of the corporation then in office determine,
   reasonably and in good faith, that such Affiliate should be required to
   sign the written notice described in paragraph (c) of this Section 2.2
   and/or the written agreement described in this paragraph (d) in order to
   prevent the purposes of this Section 2.2 from being evaded.

             (e)  Except as provided in the following sentence, any Special
   Meeting shall be held at such hour and day as may be designated by
   whichever of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the
   Board of Directors shall have called such meeting.  In the case of any
   Special Meeting called by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive
   Officer upon the demand of shareholders (a "Demand Special Meeting"), such
   meeting shall be held at such hour and day as may be designated by the
   Board of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any Demand Special
   Meeting shall be not more than 70 days after the Meeting Record Date (as
   defined in Section 2.5); and provided further that in the event that the
   directors then in office fail to designate an hour and date for a Demand
   Special Meeting within 10 days after the date that valid written demands
   for such meeting by the holders of record as of the Demand Record Date of
   shares representing at least 10% of all the votes entitled to be cast on
   each issue proposed to be considered at the special meeting are delivered
   to the corporation (the "Delivery Date"), then such meeting shall be held
   at 2:00 P.M. local time on the 100th day after the Delivery Date or, if
   such 100th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first
   preceding Business Day.  In fixing a meeting date for any Special Meeting,
   the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of
   Directors may consider such factors as he or it deems relevant within the
   good faith exercise of his or its business judgment, including, without
   limitation, the nature of the action proposed to be taken, the facts and
   circumstances surrounding any demand for such meeting, and any plan of the
   Board of Directors to call an Annual Meeting or a Special Meeting for the
   conduct of related business.

             (f)  The corporation may engage nationally recognized
   independent inspectors of elections to act as an agent of the corporation
   for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the
   validity of any purported written demand or demands for a Special Meeting
   received by the Secretary.  For the purpose of permitting the inspectors
   to perform such review, no purported demand shall be deemed to have been
   delivered to the corporation until the earlier of (i) five Business Days
   following receipt by the Secretary of such purported demand and (ii) such
   date as the independent inspectors certify to the corporation that the
   valid demands received by the Secretary represent at least 10% of all the
   votes entitled to be cast on each issue proposed to be considered at the
   Special Meeting.  Nothing contained in this paragraph shall in any way be
   construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any
   shareholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any demand,
   whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any
   other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution
   or defense of any litigation with respect thereto).

             (g)  For purposes of these Bylaws, "Business Day" shall mean any
   day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions
   in the State of Wisconsin are authorized or obligated by law or executive
   order to close.

             2.3  Place of Meeting.  The Board of Directors, the Chairman of
   the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may designate any place, either
   within or without the State of Wisconsin, as the place of meeting for the
   Annual Meeting, any Special Meeting or any postponement thereof.  If the
   Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive
   Officer shall fail or neglect to make such designation, the Secretary
   shall designate the place of such meeting.  If no designation is made, the
   place of meeting shall be the registered office of the corporation in the
   State of Wisconsin.  Any adjourned meeting may be reconvened at any place
   designated by vote of the Board of Directors or by the Chairman of the
   Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

             2.4  Notice of Meeting.  The corporation shall send written or
   printed notice stating the place, day and hour of any Annual Meeting or
   Special Meeting not less than 10 days nor more than 70 days before the
   date of such meeting either personally or by mail to each shareholder of
   record entitled to vote at such meeting and to other shareholders as may
   be required by law or by the Restated Articles of Incorporation.  In the
   event of any Demand Special Meeting, such notice of meeting shall be sent
   not more than 30 days after the Delivery Date.  If mailed, such notice of
   meeting shall be addressed to the shareholder at the shareholder's address
   as it appears on the corporation's record of shareholders.  Unless
   otherwise required by law or the Restated Articles of Incorporation, a
   notice of an Annual Meeting need not include a description of the purpose
   for which the meeting is called.  In the case of any Special Meeting, (a)
   the notice of meeting shall describe any business that the Board of
   Directors shall have theretofore determined to bring before the meeting
   and (b) in the case of a Demand Special Meeting, the notice of meeting (i)
   shall describe any business set forth in the statement of purpose of the
   demands received by the corporation in accordance with Section 2.2 of
   these Bylaws and (ii) shall contain all of the information required in the
   notice received by the corporation in accordance with Section 2.2(b) of
   these Bylaws. A shareholder's attendance at a meeting, in person or by
   proxy, waives objection to the following:  (A) lack of notice or defective
   notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning of the
   meeting or promptly upon arrival objects to holding the meeting or
   transacting business at the meeting; and (B) consideration of a particular
   matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose described in the
   meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter
   when it is presented.

             2.5  Fixing of Certain Record Dates.  (a)  The Board of
   Directors may fix a future date not less than 10 days and not more than 70
   days prior to the date of any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting as the
   record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of,
   or to vote at, such meeting (the "Meeting Record Date").  In the case of
   any Demand Special Meeting, (i) the Meeting Record Date shall be not later
   than the 30th day after the Deliver Date and (ii) if the Board of
   Directors fails to fix the Meeting Record Date within 30 days after the
   Delivery Date, then the close of business on such 30th day shall be the
   Meeting Record Date.  The shareholders of record on the Meeting Record
   Date shall be the shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the
   meeting.  Except as may be otherwise provided by law, a determination of
   shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders
   is effective for any adjournment of such meeting unless the Board of
   Directors fixes a new Meeting Record Date, which it shall do if the
   meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the
   date fixed for the original meeting.

             (b)  The Board of Directors may fix a future date as the record
   date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of
   any share dividend or distribution.  If no record date is so fixed by the
   board, the record date for determining shareholders entitled to a
   distribution (other than a distribution involving a purchase, redemption
   or other acquisition of the corporation's shares) or a share dividend is
   the date on which the Board of Directors authorized the distribution or
   share dividend, as the case may be.

             2.6  Voting Lists.  After a record date for a Special Meeting or
   Annual Meeting has been fixed, the corporation shall prepare a list of the
   names of all of the shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting.  The
   list shall be arranged by class or series of shares, if any, and show the
   address of and number of shares held by each shareholder.  Such list shall
   be available for inspection by any shareholder, beginning two business
   days after notice of the meeting is given for which the list was prepared
   and continuing to the date of the meeting, at the corporation's principal
   office or at a place identified in the meeting notice in the city where
   the meeting will be held.  The corporation shall make the shareholders'
   list available at the meeting, and any shareholder or his or her agent or
   attorney may inspect the list at any time during the meeting or any
   adjournment thereof.  Refusal or failure to prepare or make available the
   shareholders' list shall not affect the validity of any action taken at a
   meeting of shareholders.

             2.7  Quorum:  Votes.  Shares entitled to vote as a separate
   voting group may take action on a matter at a meeting only if a quorum of
   those shares exists with respect to that matter.  If the corporation has
   only one class of stock outstanding, such class shall constitute a
   separate voting group for purposes of this Section 2.7.  Except as
   otherwise provided in the Restated Articles of Incorporation or the
   Wisconsin Business Corporation Law, a majority of the votes entitled to be
   cast on the matter shall constitute a quorum of the voting group for
   action on that matter.  Once a share is represented for any purpose at a
   meeting, other than for the purpose of objecting to holding the meeting or
   transacting business at the meeting, it is considered present for purposes
   of determining whether a quorum exists for the remainder of the meeting
   and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or
   must be set for the adjourned meeting.  If a quorum exists, except in the
   case of the election of directors, action on a matter shall be approved if
   the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the
   votes cast opposing the action, unless the articles of incorporation or
   the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law requires a greater number of
   affirmative votes.  Unless otherwise provided in the Restated Articles of
   Incorporation, each director shall be elected by a plurality of the votes
   cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors at a
   meeting at which a quorum is present.

             2.8  Proxies.  At all meetings of shareholders, a shareholder
   entitled to vote may vote his or her shares in person or by proxy.  A
   shareholder may appoint a proxy to vote or otherwise act for the
   shareholder by signing an appointment form, either personally or by his or
   her attorney-in-fact.  An appointment of a proxy is effective when
   received by the Secretary or other officer or agent of the corporation
   authorized to tabulate votes.  An appointment is valid for eleven months
   from the date of its signing unless a different period is expressly
   provided in the appointment form.

             2.9  Voting of Shares.  Each outstanding share, regardless of
   class, shall be entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted to a vote
   at a meeting of shareholders, except to the extent that the voting rights
   of the shares of any class or classes are enlarged, limited, or denied by
   the Restated Articles of Incorporation of the corporation or by the
   Wisconsin Business Corporation Law.

             2.10 Subsidiary Shares.  Shares held by another corporation, if
   a sufficient number of shares entitled to elect a majority of the
   directors of such other corporation is held directly or indirectly by the
   corporation, shall not be entitled to vote at any meeting, but shares held
   in a fiduciary capacity may be voted.

             2.11 Acceptance of Instruments Showing Shareholder Action.  If
   the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment
   corresponds to the name of a shareholder, the corporation, if acting in
   good faith, may accept the vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment and
   give it effect as the act of a shareholder.  If the name signed on a vote,
   consent, waiver or proxy appointment does not correspond to the name of a
   shareholder, the corporation, if acting in good faith, may accept the
   vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment and give it effect as the act
   of the shareholder if any of the following apply:

             (a)  The shareholder is an entity and the name signed purports
   to be that of an officer or agent of the entity.

             (b)  The name purports to be that of a personal representative,
   administrator, executor, guardian or conservator representing the
   shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status
   acceptable to the corporation is presented with respect to the vote,
   consent, waiver or proxy appointment.

             (c)  The name signed purports to be that of a receiver or
   trustee in bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests,
   evidence of this status acceptable to the corporation is presented with
   respect to the vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment.

             (d)  The name signed purports to be that of a pledgee,
   beneficial owner, or attorney-in-fact of the shareholder and, if the
   corporation requests, evidence acceptable to the corporation of the
   signatory's authority to sign for the shareholder is presented with
   respect to the vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment.

             (e)  Two or more persons are the shareholders as co-tenants or
   fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be the name of at least one of
   the co-owners and the person signing appears to be acting on behalf of all
   co-owners.

   The corporation may reject a vote, consent, waiver or proxy appointment if
   the Secretary or other officer or agent of the corporation who is
   authorized to tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis
   for doubt about the validity of the signature on it or about the
   signatory's authority to sign for the shareholder.

             2.12 Conduct of Meeting.  The Chairman of the Board, and in his
   or her absence, any officer or director designated by the Chairman of the
   Board, and in his or her absence, the Chief Executive Officer, and in his
   or her absence, the President, and in his or her absence, a Corporate Vice
   President in the order provided under Section 4.7 of these Bylaws, and in
   their absence, any person chosen by the shareholders present shall call
   any Annual Meeting or Special Meeting to order and shall act as Chairman
   of the Meeting, and the Secretary of the corporation shall act as
   secretary of all meetings of the shareholders, but in the absence of the
   Secretary, the chairman may appoint any other person to act as secretary
   of the meeting.

             2.13 Postponement; Adjournment.

             (a)  Any Annual Meeting or any Special Meeting called by the
   Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (other than a meeting
   called pursuant to the demand of shareholders entitled to demand such a
   meeting) or the Board of Directors may be postponed at any time or from
   time to time after written notice of the meeting has been delivered to
   shareholders as follows:  (i) in the case of the Annual Meeting or a
   Special Meeting called by the Board of Directors, by action of the Board
   of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof and (ii) in the case
   of a Special Meeting called by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief
   Executive Officer, at the request of the person calling the meeting and
   with the consent of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee
   thereof.  Any such postponement or postponements shall be disclosed in any
   public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or by means of a
   press release to Dow Jones & Company or any similar service promptly
   following such postponement, and promptly thereafter written notice of
   such postponement stating the place, day and hour to which the meeting was
   postponed shall be delivered to each shareholder of record entitled to
   vote at such meeting.

             (b)  A meeting of shareholders may be adjourned to a different
   date, time or place from time to time, whether or not there is a quorum,
   (i) at any time, upon a resolution of shareholders if the number of votes
   cast in favor of such resolution exceed the number of votes cast against
   such resolution or (ii) by order of the chairman of the meeting, but only
   where such order is delivered before any business is transacted at such
   meeting and such adjournment is for a period of thirty (30) days or less. 
   At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or
   represented, any business may be transacted which might have been
   transacted at the meeting originally noticed.  Any such adjournment or
   adjournments pursuant to clause (i), if the new date, time and place of
   the meeting is not announced at the meeting prior to adjournment or if a
   new record date is or must be fixed for the meeting, or pursuant to clause
   (ii) shall be disclosed in any public filing with the Securities and
   Exchange Commission or by means of a press release to Dow Jones & Company
   or any similar service promptly following such adjournment, and promptly
   thereafter written notice of such adjournment stating the date, time and
   place to which the meeting was adjourned shall be delivered to each
   shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting, except that
   (except as may be otherwise required by law) no such disclosure in
   filings, press releases or notices to shareholders shall be required if an
   adjournment is for a period of forty-eight (48) hours or less.

                         3.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS

             3.1  General Powers.  All corporate powers of the corporation
   shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and
   affairs of the corporation managed under the direction of, its Board of
   Directors.

             3.2  Number, Tenure and Qualifications.

             (a) The number of directors of the corporation shall be eleven
   (11).  No more than two (2) officers or employees of the corporation or any
   of its subsidiaries shall simultaneously serve as directors of the corpora-
   tion. The directors shall be divided into three (3) classes with the first
   class to consist of three (3) directors and the second and third classes to
   consist of four (4) directors each.  The term of office of those of the
   first class shall expire at the annual meeting to be held in January,
   1984, and of the second class one year thereafter and of the third class,
   two years thereafter, and in all cases, until their respective successors
   shall have been elected and qualified.  At the annual meetings following
   the initial election of directors by classes, the successors to the class
   of directors whose term expires in that year shall be elected for a term
   of three (3) years to succeed those whose terms expire, so that the term
   of office of one class of directors shall expire in each year, but,
   subject to the provisions of the Bylaws of the corporation, each director
   shall hold office for the term for which he/she is elected and until
   his/her successor is elected and, if necessary, qualified or until there
   is a decrease in the number of directors that takes effect upon or after
   the expiration of the term for which he/she is elected.

             (b)  Directors need not be residents of the State of Wisconsin
   or shareholders of the corporation.  A director having attained age
   Seventy (70) shall automatically cease to be a director of the corporation
   effective as of the Annual Meeting immediately following such director's
   Seventieth (70th) birthday.  All directors who are also officers of the
   corporation shall automatically cease to be directors of the corporation,
   effective as of his/her date of termination of employment from the
   corporation, with the exception of any corporate officer holding, or who
   has held the position of Chief Executive Officer.

             (c)  A Chairman of the Board shall be elected by the Board of
   Directors from among its members to preside at all meetings of the
   shareholders and the Board of Directors.  The Director, who need not be an
   employee of the corporation, elected Chairman of the Board shall serve in
   such position for the term of office as elected by the shareholders or the
   Board of Directors and until his/her successor shall have been duly
   elected or until his/her death or until resignation or removal in the
   manner hereinafter provided.  The Chairman of the Board, if an employee of
   the Corporation, may be elected Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation
   by the Board of Directors.  The Chairman of the Board shall perform all
   duties incident to the office and such other duties as may be prescribed
   by the Board of Directors from time to time.

             (d)  All directors of the corporation, who are not
   simultaneously employed as officers by the corporation, shall be properly
   compensated and reimbursed for their services as a director on the basis
   of an annual retainer, Board of Director and Committees of the Board
   meeting attendance fees and reasonable expenses incurred as a director as
   established, reviewed and approved annually by the Nominating Committee of
   the Board of Directors.  Any employee of the corporation, who is elected a
   director of the corporation, shall not receive any compensation, expense
   reimbursement or participation in director benefit programs for his/her
   services as a director of the corporation.  A Chief Executive Officer, who
   retires from the corporation prior to attaining age 70 while serving as a
   director, immediately becomes eligible for compensation, expense
   reimbursement and director benefit program participation as a non-employee
   director effective as of the individual's retirement date from the
   corporation.

             3.3  Regular Meetings.  A regular meeting of the Board of
   Directors shall be held without other notice than this Bylaw immediately
   after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of shareholders, and
   each adjourned session thereof.  The Board of Directors may provide, by
   resolution, the time and place, either within or without the State of
   Wisconsin, for the holding of additional regular meetings without other
   notice than such resolution.

             3.4  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board of
   Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board,
   Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the number of directors fixed by
   Section 3.2.  The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of
   the Board of Directors may fix any place, either within or without the
   State of Wisconsin, as the place for holding any special meeting of the
   Board of Directors called by them.

             3.5  Notice.  Notice of any special meeting shall be given at
   least five (5) days previously thereto by written notice mailed to each
   director at his or her business address, or by written or oral notice
   given by other means at least 48 hours previously thereto.  Whenever any
   notice whatever is required to be given to any director of the corporation
   under the provisions of these Bylaws or under the provisions of the
   Restated Articles of Incorporation or under the provisions of any statute,
   a waiver thereof in writing, signed at any time, whether before or after
   the time of meeting, by the director entitled to such notice and retained
   by the corporation, shall be deemed equivalent to timely notice.  The
   attendance of a director at or participation in a meeting shall constitute
   a waiver of notice of such meeting, unless the director at the beginning
   of the meeting or promptly upon his or her arrival objects to holding the
   meeting or transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter
   vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting.  Neither the business
   to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of
   the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice
   of such meeting.

             3.6  Quorum:  Votes.  One-third of the number of directors fixed
   by Section 3.2 shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business
   at any meeting of the Board of Directors, but though less than such quorum
   is present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn
   the meeting from time to time without further notice.  If a quorum is
   present when a vote is taken, the affirmative vote of a majority of
   directors present shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the
   act of a greater number is required by law, by the Restated Articles of
   Incorporation or these Bylaws.

             3.7  Removal and Resignation.  A director may be removed from
   office by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the
   outstanding shares entitled to vote taken at a meeting called for that
   purpose.  A director may resign at any time by delivering his written
   resignation to the Secretary of the corporation or to the Chairman of the
   Board.  A resignation is effective when the notice is received unless the
   notice specifies a later effective date.

             3.8  Vacancies.  Any vacancy occurring in the Board of
   Directors, including a vacancy created by an increase in the number of
   directors, may be filled by any of the following:  (i) the shareholders,
   (ii) the Board of Directors or (iii) if the directors remaining in office
   constitute fewer than a quorum of the Board, the directors, by the
   affirmative vote of a majority of all directors remaining in office;
   provided, however, that if the vacant office was held by a director
   elected by a voting group of shareholders, only the holders of shares of
   that voting group may vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the
   shareholders, and only the remaining directors elected by that voting
   group may vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the directors.  The
   Directors so elected shall hold office until the next succeeding election
   of the class for which such director shall have been elected.

             3.8A Nominations.  Nominations for the election of directors may
   only be made by the Board of Directors, by the Nominating Committee of the
   Board of Directors (or, if none, any other committee serving a similar
   function) or by any shareholder entitled to vote generally in elections of
   directors where the shareholder complies with the requirements of this
   Section.  Any shareholder of record entitled to vote generally in
   elections of directors may nominate one or more persons for election as
   directors at a meeting of shareholders only if written notice of such
   shareholder's intent to make such nomination or nominations has been
   given, either by personal delivery or by United States certified mail,
   postage prepaid, to the Secretary of the corporation that is received by
   the Secretary (i) with respect to an election to be held at an Annual
   Meeting, not more than ninety (90) days nor less than fifty (50) days in
   advance of the third Thursday after the first Friday of the month of
   January next following the last Annual Meeting held; provided, that if the
   Annual Meeting is held earlier than the third Thursday after the first
   Friday of the month of January, such notice must be given on or before the
   later of (x) the date fifty (50) days prior to the earlier date of the
   Annual Meeting and (y) the date ten (10) business days after the first
   public disclosure, which may include any public filing with the Securities
   and Exchange Commission or a press release to Dow Jones & Company or any
   similar service, of the earlier date of the Annual Meeting, and (ii) with
   respect to an election to be held at a Special Meeting as to which notice
   of such meeting states that it is to be held for the election of
   directors, not earlier than ninety (90) days prior to such Special Meeting
   and not later than the close of business on the later of (x) the tenth
   (10th) business day following the date on which notice of such meeting is
   first given to shareholders and (y) the 50th day prior to such Special
   Meeting.  Each such notice of a shareholder's intent to nominate a
   director or directors at an Annual Meeting or Special Meeting shall set
   forth the following:  (A) the name and address, as they appear on the
   corporation's books, of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination
   and of the beneficial owner or owners, if any, on whose behalf the
   nomination is to be made and the name and residence address of the person
   or persons to be nominated; (B) the class and number of shares of the
   corporation which are beneficially owned by the shareholder and beneficial
   owner or owners; (C) a representation that the shareholder is a holder of
   record of stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and
   intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the
   person or persons specified in the notice; (D) a description of all
   arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and/or beneficial
   owner or owners and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming
   such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations
   are to be made by the shareholders; (E) such other information regarding
   each nominee proposed by such shareholder as would be required to be
   disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or would
   be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the
   Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including any information
   that would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant
   to Regulation 14A had the nominee been nominated by the Board of
   Directors; and (F) the written consent of each nominee to be named in a
   proxy statement and to serve as a director of the corporation if so
   elected.  No person shall be eligible to serve as a director of the
   corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth
   in this By-law.  If the chairman of the shareholders meeting shall
   determine that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures
   prescribed by the By-laws, he shall so declare to the meeting and the
   defective nomination shall be disregarded.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
   provisions of this Section 3.8A, a shareholder shall also comply with all
   applicable requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
   amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the
   matters set forth in this Section.

             3.9  Compensation.  The Board of Directors, irrespective of any
   personal interest of any of its members, may establish compensation of all
   directors for services to the corporation as directors, officers or
   otherwise, or may delegate such authority to an appropriate committee.

             3.10 Presumption of Assent.  A director of the corporation who
   is present and is announced as present at a meeting of the Board of
   Directors or a committee thereof of which he/she is a member at which
   action on any corporate matter is taken assents to the action taken,
   unless any of the following occurs:  (i) the director objects at the
   beginning of the meeting or promptly upon his or her arrival to the
   holding of the meeting or transacting business at the meeting; (ii) the
   director's dissent or abstention from the action taken is entered in the
   minutes of the meeting; or (iii) the director delivers written notice of
   his or her dissent or abstention to the presiding officer of the meeting
   before its adjournment or to the corporation immediately after adjournment
   of the meeting.  Such right to dissent or abstain shall not apply to a
   director who voted in favor of such action.

             3.11 Committees.  The Board of Directors by resolution approved
   by a majority of all directors then in office may designate one or more
   committees, each committee to consist of two or more directors appointed
   by the Board of Directors, which to the extent provided in said
   resolution, as initially adopted, and as thereafter supplemented or
   amended by further resolution adopted by a like vote, shall have and may
   exercise, when the Board of Directors is not in session, the authority of
   the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of
   the corporation, except that a committee may not do any of the following: 
   (a) authorize distributions; (b) approve or propose to shareholders action
   that the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law requires shareholders to
   approve; (c) fill vacancies on the Board of Directors or, unless the Board
   of Directors provides by resolution that any vacancies on a committee
   shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
   committee members, on any of its committees; (d) amend the corporation's
   Restated Articles of Incorporation; (e) adopt, amend or repeal bylaws; (f)
   approve a plan of merger not requiring shareholder approval; (g) authorize
   or approve reacquisition of shares, except according to a formula or
   method prescribed by the Board of Directors; and (h) authorize or approve
   the issuance or sale or contract for sale of shares, or determine the
   designation and relative rights, preferences and limitations of a class or
   series of shares, except that the Board of Directors may authorize a
   committee to do so within limits prescribed by the Board of Directors. 
   All members of the Board of Directors not appointed to serve as members of
   a committee designated by the Board of Directors shall be deemed
   designated to serve as alternates for such committee, any one of whom may
   take the place of any absent member or members at any meeting of such
   committee, upon request of the Chairman of the Board.  Subject to any
   provision of law and these Bylaws, each such committee shall fix its own
   rules governing the conduct of its activities and shall make such reports
   to the Board of Directors of its activities as the Board of Directors may
   request.  Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in creating
   the committee, a committee may employ counsel, accountants and other
   consultants to assist it in the exercise of its authority.

             3.12 Informal Action Without Meeting.  Any action required or
   permitted by the Restated Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or any
   provision of law to be taken by the Board of Directors or a committee at a
   meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by all
   members of the Board or of the committee.  The action shall be evidenced
   by one or more written consents describing the action taken, signed by
   each director or committee member and retained by the corporation.  Such
   action shall be effective when the last director or committee member signs
   the consent, unless the consent specifies a different effective date.

             3.13 Telephonic Meetings.  Notwithstanding any place set forth
   in the notice of the meeting or these Bylaws, members of the Board of
   Directors may participate in regular or special meetings of the Board of
   Directors and all Committees of the Board of Directors by or through the
   use of any means of communication by which all directors participating may
   simultaneously hear each other, such as by conference telephone; provided,
   however, that the Chairman of the Board or the chairman of the respective
   Committee of the Board or other person or persons calling a meeting may
   determine that the directors cannot participate by such means, in which
   case the notice of the meeting, or other notice to directors given prior
   to the meeting, shall state that each director's physical presence shall
   be required.  If a meeting is conducted through the use of such means,
   then at the commencement of such meeting all participating directors shall
   be informed that a meeting is taking place at which official business may
   be transacted. A director participating in a meeting by such means shall
   be deemed present in person at such meeting.  If action is to be taken at
   any such Board of Directors or Committee meeting on any of the following
   matters, then the identity of each director participating in such a
   meeting must be verified by the disclosure of each director's social
   security number to the secretary of the meeting or in such other manner as
   the chairman of the meeting deems reasonable under the circumstances
   before a vote may be taken on any of such matters:  (i) a plan of merger
   or share exchange; (ii) a sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of
   substantial property or assets of the corporation; (iii) a voluntary
   dissolution or the revocation of voluntary dissolution proceedings; or
   (iv) a filing for bankruptcy.  For purposes of the preceding clause (ii),
   the phrase "sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of substantial
   property or assets" shall mean any sale, lease, exchange or other
   disposition of property or assets of the corporation having a net book
   value equal to 10% or more of the net book value of the total assets of
   the corporation as of the close of the fiscal year last ended prior to the
   date of such meeting and as to which financial statements of the
   corporation have been prepared.

   4.  OFFICERS

             4.1  Number.

             (a)  The principal executive officers of the corporation shall
   be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more Corporate Vice
   Presidents, one or more of whom may be designated Executive Vice President
   and/or Senior Vice President, a Secretary, a Treasurer, a Controller and
   divisional presidents, each of whom shall be elected by the Board of
   Directors or, to the extent authorized by the Board of Directors, by the
   Chief Executive Officer.  All other officers, other designated divisional
   or staff officers, and all assistant officers (including one or more
   Assistant Secretaries and/or Assistant Treasurers) shall be appointed by
   the Chief Executive Officer as he or she deems necessary.  Any two or more
   offices may be held by the same person.

             (b)  The duties of the executive officers shall be those
   enumerated herein and any further duties designated by the Board of
   Directors.  The duties herein specified for particular officers may be
   transferred to and vested in such other officers as the Board of Directors
   shall elect from time to time and for such periods or without limitation
   as to time as the Board shall order.

             (c)  The duties and powers of all appointed officers shall be
   those specifically prescribed for the position(s) by the Chief Executive
   Officer at the time of appointment.

             4.2  Election and Term of Office. 

             (a)  The officers of the corporation to be elected by the Board
   of Directors shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the
   first meeting of the Board of Directors held after each annual meeting of
   the shareholders.  If the election of officers shall not be held at such
   meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as convenient. 
   Each officer shall hold office until his/her successor shall have been
   duly elected or until his/her death or until he/she shall resign or shall
   have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided.

             (b)  A vacancy in any elected office because of death,
   resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise may be filled by the
   Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term.

             (c)  The Chief Executive Officer shall have authority to appoint
   and to terminate the appointment of all divisional staff and assistant
   officers from time to time and for such periods of time as serve the best
   interests of the corporation.

             4.3  Removal.  The Board of Directors may remove any officer or
   agent at any time, with or without cause and notwithstanding the contract
   rights, if any, of the officer or agent removed.  Election or appointment
   shall not of itself create contract rights.

             4.4  Resignation.  An officer may resign at any time by
   delivering written notice to the Secretary of the corporation.  The
   resignation is effective when the notice is delivered, unless the notice
   specifies a later effective date and the corporation accepts the later
   effective date.

             4.5  The Chief Executive Officer.  The Chief Executive Officer,
   subject to the control of the Board of Directors, shall supervise and
   control all of the business and affairs of the corporation.  He or she
   shall, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, preside at all
   meetings of the stockholders and directors.  He or she shall have
   authority, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Board of
   Directors, to appoint certain officers and such agents and employees of
   the corporation as he or she shall deem necessary, to prescribe their
   powers, duties and compensation, and to delegate authority to them.  Such
   appointed officers, agents and employees shall hold office at the
   discretion of the Chief Executive Officer.  He or she shall have authority
   to sign, execute and acknowledge, on behalf of the corporation, all deeds,
   mortgages, bonds contracts, leases, reports and all other documents or
   instruments necessary or proper to be executed in the course of the
   corporation's regular business, or which shall be authorized by the Board
   of Directors; and except as otherwise provided by law or the Board of
   Directors, he or she may authorize any other officer or agent of the
   corporation to sign, execute and acknowledge such documents or instruments
   in his or her place and stead.  In general, he or she shall perform all
   duties incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer and such other
   duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time.

             4.6  The President.  The President shall be the chief operating
   officer of the corporation.  He or she shall have the authority to sign
   all stock certificates, contracts, and other instruments of the
   corporation necessary or proper to be executed in the course of the
   corporation's regular business, or which shall be authorized by the Board
   of Directors, and shall perform all duties as are incident to his or her
   office or are properly required of him or her by the Board of Directors,
   the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.  He or she shall
   have the authority, subject to such rules, directions, or orders as may be
   prescribed by the Chairman of the Board, the Board of Directors or the
   Chief Executive Officer, to appoint and terminate the appointment of such
   agents and employees of the corporation as he or she shall deem necessary,
   to prescribe their power, duties and compensation and to delegate
   authority to them.

             4.7  Corporate Vice Presidents.  At the time of election, one or
   more of the Corporate Vice Presidents may be designated Executive Vice
   President and/or Senior Vice President.  In the absence of the President
   or in the event of his or her death, inability or refusal to act, or in
   the event for any reason it shall be impracticable for the President to
   act personally, the Executive Vice President, or in the event of his or
   her inability to act, the Senior Vice Presidents in the order designated
   at the time of their election, or in the absence of any such designation,
   then in the order of their election, or in the event of their inability to
   act, then the other Corporate Vice Presidents in the order designated at
   the time of their election, or in the absence of any such designation,
   then in the order of their election, shall perform the duties of the
   President and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject
   to all the restrictions upon the President.  Any Corporate Vice President
   may sign, with the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certificates for
   shares of the corporation and shall perform such other duties as from time
   to time may be assigned to him or her by the Chairman of the Board, the
   Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors.

             4.8  The Secretary.  The Secretary shall:  (a) keep as permanent
   records any of the following that has been prepared: the minutes of the
   shareholders' and of the Board of Directors' meetings; records of actions
   taken by the Board of Directors without a meeting; and records of actions
   taken by a Committee of the Board of Directors in place of the Board of
   Directors and on behalf of the corporation; (b) see that all notices are
   duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as
   required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal
   of the corporation and see that the seal of the corporation is affixed to
   all documents the execution of which on behalf of the corporation under
   its seal is duly authorized; (d) maintain or cause an authorized agent to
   maintain a record of the corporation's shareholders, in a form that
   permits preparation of a list of the names and addresses of all
   shareholders, by class or series of shares and showing the number and
   class or series of shares held by each shareholder; (e) in general perform
   all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as
   from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Chief Executive
   Officer or by the Board of Directors.

             4.9  The Treasurer.  If required by the Board of Directors, the
   Treasurer shall give a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her
   duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Board of
   Directors shall determine.  He or she shall:  (a) have charge and custody
   of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation,
   receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the corporation
   from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in the name of the
   corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as shall
   be selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 of these
   Bylaws; and (b) in general perform all of the duties incident to the
   office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be
   assigned to him or her by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Board of
   Directors.

             4.10 The Controller.  The Controller shall be the chief
   accounting officer of the corporation.  He or she shall:  (a) maintain
   appropriate accounting records for the corporation; (b) cause regular
   audits of these accounting records to be made; and (c) in general perform
   all of the duties incident to the office of Controller and such other
   duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Chief
   Executive Officer or by the Board of Directors.

             4.11 Salaries.

             (a)  The salaries of the elected officers shall be fixed from
   time to time by the Board of Directors or by an appropriate committee of
   the Board of Directors and no such officer shall be prevented from
   receiving such salary by reason of the fact that he or she is also a
   Director of the corporation.

             (b)  The salaries of all divisional staff and assistant
   officers, appointed by the Chief Executive Officer, shall be set by the
   Chief Executive Officer from time to time, in the best interests of the
   corporation.

   5.  CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS

             5.1  Contracts.  The Board of Directors may authorize any
   officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or
   execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the
   corporation, and such authorization may be general or confined to specific
   instances.

             5.2  Loans.  No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the
   corporation and no evidences of indebtedness shall be issued in its name
   unless authorized by or under the authority of a resolution of the Board
   of Directors.  Such authorization may be general or confined to specific
   instances.

             5.3  Checks, Drafts, etc.  All checks, drafts or other orders
   for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued
   in the name of the corporation, shall be signed by such officer or
   officers, agent or agents of the corporation and in such manner as shall
   from time to time be determined by or under the authority of resolution of
   the Board of Directors.

             5.4  Deposits.  All funds of the corporation not otherwise
   employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the
   corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as may be
   selected by or under the authority of the Board of Directors.

   6.  CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER

             6.1  Certificates for Shares. Certificates representing shares
   of the corporation shall be in such form as shall be determined by the
   Board of Directors.  Such certificates shall be signed by the Chairman,
   Chief Executive Officer, President or Vice President-Finance and by the
   Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.  All certificates for shares shall be
   consecutively numbered or otherwise identified.  The name and address of
   the person to whom the shares represented thereby are issued, with the
   number of shares and the date of issue, shall be entered on the stock
   transfer books of the corporation.  All certificates surrendered to the
   corporation for transfer shall be entered on the stock transfer books of
   the corporation.  All certificates surrendered to the corporation for
   transfer shall be cancelled and no new certificates shall be issued until
   the former certificate for a like number of shares shall have been
   surrendered and cancelled, except that in case of a lost, destroyed or
   mutilated certificate a new one may be issued therefor upon such terms and
   indemnity to the corporation as the Board of Directors may prescribe.

             6.2  Uncertificated Shares.  The Board of Directors may
   authorize the issuance of any shares of any of the corporation's classes
   or series without certificates.  The authorization does not affect shares
   already represented by certificates until the certificates are surrendered
   to the corporation.

             6.3  Transfer of Shares.  Transfer of shares of the corporation
   shall be made only on the stock transfer books of the corporation by the
   holder of record thereof or by his or her legal representative, who shall
   furnish proper evidence of authority to transfer, or by his or her
   attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed
   with the Secretary of the corporation, and on surrender for cancellation
   of the certificate for such shares.  The person in whose name shares stand
   on the books of the corporation shall be deemed by the corporation to be
   the owner thereof for all purposes.

             6.4  Stock Regulations.  The Board of Directors shall have the
   power and authority to make all such rules and regulations not
   inconsistent with the statutes of the State of Wisconsin as they may deem
   expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates
   representing shares of the corporation, including the appointment or
   designation of one or more stock transfer agents and one or more stock
   registrars.

   7.  GENERAL

             7.1  Limited Liability of Directors to Corporation and
   Shareholders.  A director is not liable to the corporation, its
   shareholders, or any person asserting rights on behalf of the corporation
   or its shareholders, for damages, settlements, fees, fines, penalties or
   other monetary liabilities arising from a breach of, or failure to
   perform, any duty resulting solely from his or her status as a director,
   unless the person asserting liability proves that the breach or failure to
   perform constitutes any of the following:

             (a)  A willful failure to deal fairly with the corporation or
   its shareholders in connection with a matter in which the director has a
   material conflict of interest.

             (b)  A violation of criminal law, unless the director had
   reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was lawful, or no
   reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.

             (c)  A transaction from which the director derived an improper
   personal profit.

             (d)  Willful misconduct.

             7.2  Indemnification. 

             (a)  A corporation shall indemnify a director or officer, to the
   extent he or she has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the
   defense of a proceeding, for all reasonable expenses incurred in the
   proceeding if the director or officer was a party because he or she is a
   director or officer of the corporation.

             (b)  In cases not included under the foregoing paragraph, a
   corporation shall indemnify a director or officer against liability
   incurred by the director or officer in a proceeding to which the director
   or officer was a party because he or she is a director or officer of the
   corporation, unless liability was incurred because the director or officer
   breached or failed to perform a duty he or she owes to the corporation and
   the breach or failure to perform constitutes any of the following:

             1.   A willful failure to deal fairly with the corporation or
   its shareholders in connection with a matter in which the director or
   officer has a material conflict of interest.

             2.   A violation of criminal law, unless the director or officer
   had reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was lawful or no
   reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.

             3.   A transaction from which the director or officer derived an
   improper personal profit.

             4.   Willful misconduct.

             (b)  Determination of whether indemnification is required under
   this subsection shall be made under Wis. Stats. 180.0855.

             (c)  The termination of a proceeding by judgment, order,
   settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of no contest or an equivalent
   plea, does not, by itself, create a presumption that indemnification of
   the director or officer is not required under this subsection.

             (d)  A director or officer who seeks indemnification under this
   section shall make a written request to the corporation.

             (e)  Indemnification under this section is not required if the
   director or officer has previously received indemnification or allowance
   of expenses from any person, including the corporation, in connection with
   the same proceeding.

             7.3  Reliance by Directors and Officers.

             (a) Unless a director or officer has knowledge that makes
   reliance unwarranted, a director or officer, in discharging his or her
   duties to the corporation, may rely on information, opinions, reports or
   statements, any of which may be written or oral, formal or informal,
   including financial statements and other financial data, if prepared or
   presented by any of the following:

             1.   An officer or employee of the corporation whom the director
   or officer believes in good faith to be reliable and competent in the
   matters presented.

             2.   Legal counsel, public accountants or other persons as to
   matters the director or officer believes in good faith are within the
   person's professional or expert competence.

             3.   In the case of reliance by a director, a committee of the
   board of directors of which the director is not a member if the director
   believes in good faith that the committee merits confidence.

             7.4  Consideration of Interests in Addition to Shareholders'
   Interests.  In discharging his or her duties to the corporation and in
   determining what he or she believes to be in the best interests of the
   corporation, a director or officer may, in addition to considering the
   effects of any action on shareholders, consider the following:

             (a) The effects of the action on employees, suppliers and
   customers of the corporation.

             (b) The effects on the action on communities in which the
   corporation operates.

             (c) Any other factors the director or officer considers
   pertinent.

             7.5  Insurance.  The corporation may purchase and maintain
   insurance on behalf of an individual who is an employee, agent, director
   or officer of the corporation against liability asserted against or
   incurred by the individual in his or her capacity as an employee, agent,
   director or officer or arising from his or her status as an employee,
   agent, director or officer, regardless of whether the corporation is
   required or authorized to indemnify or allow expenses to the individual
   against the same liability under Wis. Stats. 180.0851, 180.0853, 180.0856
   and 180.0858.

             7.6  General. 

             (a)  Except as limited by law, the indemnification and allowance
   of expenses provided by Sections 7.1 through 7.5 of this Article do not
   preclude any additional right to indemnification or allowance of expenses
   that a director, officer or employee may have under any written agreement
   between such person and the corporation, resolution of the Board or
   resolution adopted by the corporation's shareholders.

             (b)  For purposes of this article, the definitions contained in
   Wis. Stat. 180.0850 are incorporated herein by this reference.  The term
   "employee" shall mean a natural person who is or was an employee of the
   corporation or who, while an employee of the corporation, is or was
   serving at the corporation's request as a director, officer, partner,
   committee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
   venture, trust, or other enterprise, and, unless the context requires
   otherwise, the estate or personal representative of the employee.

             (c)  The corporation, by its Board of Directors, may indemnify
   under Section 7.2, or with any limitations, any employee or former
   employee of the corporation with respect to any action taken or not taken
   in his/her capacity as or while an employee.  Notwithstanding the
   foregoing, the corporation shall indemnify an employee who is not a
   director or officer of the corporation, to the extent that he or she has
   been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of a proceeding, for
   all expenses incurred in the proceeding if the employee was a party
   because he or she was an employee of the corporation.

             7.7  Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the corporation shall end
   on September 30 of each year, commencing September 30, 1961.

             7.8  Seal.  The Board of Directors shall provide a corporate
   seal which shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed thereon the
   name of the corporation and the words "Corporate Seal, Wisconsin".

             7.9  Notices.  Except as otherwise required by law or these
   Bylaws, any notice required to be given by these Bylaws may be given
   orally or in writing and notice may be communicated in person, by
   telephone, telegraph, teletype, facsimile or other form of wire or
   wireless communication, or by mail or private carrier.  Except where these
   Bylaws require a notice to be delivered to or received by the recipient of
   the notice, written notice required to be given by these Bylaws is
   effective, if communicated (a) by mail, when deposited in the United
   States mail, if mailed postpaid and correctly addressed, (b) by private
   carrier, when delivered to the carrier and (c) by telegram, when the
   telegram is delivered to the telegraph company.

             7.10 No Nominee Procedures.  The corporation has not
   established, and nothing contained in these Bylaws shall be deemed to
   establish, any procedure by which a beneficial owner of the corporation's
   shares that are registered in the name of a nominee is recognized by the
   corporation as the shareholder under Section 180.0723 of the Wisconsin
   Statutes.

   8.  AMENDMENTS

             8.1  Power to Amend and Repeal.  Except as may be limited
   pursuant to Section 8.2, these Bylaws may be amended or repealed, and new
   Bylaws may be adopted, either by the shareholders at any meeting, or by
   vote of a majority of the shares present or represented thereat, or by the
   Board of Directors by a vote of a majority of the Board; except that
   Sections 2.2, 2.7, 3.2, 3.7, 3.8, 8.1, and 8.2 of the Bylaws may be
   amended only by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the
   outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon or by the affirmative vote of
   a majority of the directors.  Except as may be limited pursuant to Section
   8.2, the Board of Directors shall have the power to amend or repeal any
   Bylaw adopted by the shareholders, and any Bylaw adopted by the Board of
   Directors shall be subject to amendment or repeal by the shareholders as
   well as by the directors.

             8.2  Restrictions on Amendment and Repeal.

             (a)  The Board of Directors shall have no power to amend or
   repeal any Bylaw or amendment adopted by the shareholders which contains a
   specific provision to the effect that such Bylaw or amendment shall not be
   subject to amendment or repeal by the Board of Directors.

             (b)  No amendment or repeal of these Bylaws by the shareholders
   at any meeting shall be effective unless the notice of such meeting shall
   have set forth the general nature of the proposed amendment or repeal.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(H) CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                                                                Exhibit 10(h)

                               CHANGE OF CONTROL 
                       EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


           AGREEMENT by and between Universal Foods Corporation, a Wisconsin
   corporation (the "Company"), and ____________________________
   ____________________ (the "Executive"), dated as of the first day of
   October 1995.

           The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), has
   determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its
   shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication
   of the Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of
   a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company.  The Board believes
   it is imperative to diminish the inevitable distraction of the Executive
   by virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by a pending or
   threatened Change of Control and to encourage the Executive's full
   attention and dedication to the Company currently and in the event of any
   threatened or pending Change of Control, and to provide the Executive with
   compensation and benefits arrangements upon a Change of Control which
   ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of the Executive
   will be satisfied and which are competitive with those of other
   corporations.  Therefore, in order to accomplish these objectives, the
   Board has caused the Company to enter into this Agreement.

           NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

           1.   Certain Definitions.  (a)  The "Effective Date" shall mean
   the first date during the Change of Control Period (as defined in Section
   1(b)) on which a Change of Control (as defined in Section 2) occurs. 
   Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Change of
   Control occurs and if the Executive's employment with the Company is
   terminated prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if
   it is reasonably demonstrated by the Executive that such termination of
   employment (i) was at the request of a third party who has taken steps
   reasonably calculated to effect a Change of Control or (ii) otherwise
   arose in connection with or anticipation of a Change of Control, then for
   all purposes of this Agreement the "Effective Date" shall mean the date
   immediately prior to the date of such termination of employment.

           (b)  The "Change of Control Period" shall mean the period
   commencing on the date hereof and ending on the third anniversary of the
   date hereof; provided, however, that commencing on the date one year after
   the date hereof, and on each annual anniversary of such date (such date
   and each annual anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as
   the "Renewal Date"), unless previously terminated, the Change of Control
   Period shall be automatically extended so as to terminate three years from
   such Renewal Date, unless at least 60 days prior to the Renewal Date the
   Company shall give notice to the Executive that the Change of Control
   Period shall not be so extended.  

           2.   Change of Control.  For the purpose of this Agreement, a
   "Change of Control" shall mean:

           (a)  The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within
   the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act
   of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) (a "Person") of beneficial
   ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange
   Act) of 20% or more of either (i) the then-outstanding shares of common
   stock of the Company (the "Outstanding Company Common Stock") or (ii) the
   combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the
   Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the
   "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that for
   purposes of this subsection (a), the following acquisitions shall not
   constitute a Change of Control:  (1) any acquisition by any employee
   benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or
   any corporation controlled by the Company, or (2) any acquisition by any
   corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i),
   (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 2; or

           (b)  Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board
   (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
   majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a
   director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for
   election by the Company's shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least
   a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be
   considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board,
   but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial
   assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened
   election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or
   other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on
   behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

           (c)  Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or
   sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
   Company (a "Business Combination"), in each case unless, following such
   Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and
   entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding
   Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately
   prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or
   indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of
   common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting
   securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the
   case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination
   (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such
   transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's
   assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in
   substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior
   to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and
   Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person
   (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any
   employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such
   corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns,
   directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding
   shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business
   Combination, or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting
   securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership
   existed prior to the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of
   the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from
   such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time
   of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board,
   providing for such Business Combination, or

           (d)  Approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete
   liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

           3.   Employment Period.  The Company hereby agrees to continue the
   Executive in its employ, and the Executive hereby agrees to remain in the
   employ of the Company subject to its terms and conditions of this
   Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on
   the third anniversary of such date (the "Employment Period").

           4.   Terms of Employment.  (a)  Position and Duties.  (i) During
   the Employment Period, (A) the Executive's position (including status,
   offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties and
   responsibilities shall be at least commensurate in all material respects
   with the most significant of those held, exercised and assigned at any
   time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date
   and (B) the Executive's services shall be performed at the location where
   the Executive was employed immediately preceding the Effective Date or any
   or office location less than 35 miles from such location.

           (ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of
   vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive
   agrees to devote reasonable attention and time during normal business
   hours to the business and affairs of the Company and, to the extent
   necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to the Executive
   hereunder, to use the Executive's reasonable best efforts to perform
   faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities.  During the Employment
   Period it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to
   (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (B)
   deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational
   institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long as such
   activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the
   Executive's responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance
   with this Agreement.  It is expressly understood and agreed that to the
   extent that any such activities have been conducted by the Executive prior
   to the Effective Date, the continued conduct of such activities (or the
   conduct of activities similar in nature and scope thereto) subsequent to
   the Effective Date shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the
   performance of the Executive's responsibilities to the Company.

           (b)  Compensation.  (i)  Base Salary.  During the Employment
   Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary ("Annual Base
   Salary"), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, at least equal to twelve
   times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base
   salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company
   and its affiliated companies in respect of the twelve-month period
   immediately preceding the month in which the Effective Date occurs. 
   During the Employment Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed and
   increased a minimum of 3% no more than 12 months after the last salary
   increase awarded to the Executive prior to the Effective Date and
   thereafter at least annually.  Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall
   not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under
   this Agreement and shall be commensurate with increases given to peer
   executives.  Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after any such
   increase and the term "Annual Base Salary" as utilized in this Agreement
   shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased.  As used in this
   Agreement, the term "affiliated companies" shall include any company
   controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company..

           (ii) Annual Bonus.  In addition to Annual Base Salary, the
   Executive shall be awarded, for each fiscal year ending during the
   Employment Period, an annual bonus (the "Annual Bonus") in cash at least
   equal to the Executive's highest bonus under the Company's [Management
   Incentive Plan], or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or
   successor plan, for the last three full fiscal years prior to the
   Effective Date (annualized in the event that the Executive was not
   employed by the Company for the whole of such fiscal year) (the "Recent
   Annual Bonus").  Each such Annual Bonus shall be paid no later than the
   end of the third month of the fiscal year next following the fiscal year
   for which the Annual Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive shall elect to
   defer the receipt of such Annual Bonus.

           (iii)     Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans.  During the
   Employment Period, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all
   qualified and non-qualified incentive (cash and stock related), savings
   and retirement plans, and/or comparable practices, policies and programs
   applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its
   affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices,
   policies and programs provide the Executive with incentive opportunities
   (measured with respect to both regular and special incentive
   opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is
   applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities,
   in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of
   those provided by the Company and its affiliated companies for the
   Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect
   at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective
   Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at
   any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company
   and its affiliated companies.

           (iv) Welfare Benefit Plans.  During the Employment Period, the
   Executive and/or the Executive's family, as the case may be, shall be
   eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under welfare
   benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company
   and its affiliated companies (including, without limitation, medical,
   prescription, dental, disability, employee life, group life, accidental
   death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent
   applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its
   affiliated companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices,
   policies and programs provide the Executive with benefits which are less
   favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans,
   practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any time
   during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if
   more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time
   after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its
   affiliated companies.

           (v)  Expenses.  During the Employment Period, the Executive shall
   be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses
   incurred by the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies,
   practices and procedures of the Company and its affiliated companies in
   effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately
   preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in
   effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer
   executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

           (vi) Fringe Benefits.  During the Employment Period, the Executive
   shall be entitled to fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax
   and financial planning services, use of an automobile and payment of
   related expenses, in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices,
   programs and policies of the Company and its affiliated companies in
   effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately
   preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in
   effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer
   executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

           (vii)     Office and Support Staff.  During the Employment Period,
   the Executive shall be entitled to an office or offices of a size and with
   furnishings and other appointments, and to exclusive personal secretarial
   and other assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the
   foregoing provided to the Executive by the Company and its affiliated
   companies at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the
   Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as provided
   generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of
   the Company and its affiliated companies.

           (viii)    Vacation.  During the Employment Period, the Executive
   shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable
   plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its affiliated
   companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day
   period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to
   the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect
   to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

           5.   Termination of Employment.  (a)  Death or Disability.  The
   Executive's employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive's
   death during the Employment Period.  If the Company determines in good
   faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the
   Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth
   below), it may give to the Executive written notice in accordance with
   Section 12(b) of this Agreement of its intention to terminate the
   Executive's employment.  In such event, the Executive's employment with
   the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of
   such notice by the Executive (the "Disability Effective Date"), provided
   that, within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have
   returned to full-time performance of the Executive's duties.  For purposes
   of this Agreement, "Disability" shall mean the absence of the Executive
   from the Executive's duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180
   consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or
   physical illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a
   physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the
   Executive or the Executive's legal representative.

           (b)  Cause.  The Company may terminate the Executive's employment
   during the Employment Period for Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,
   "Cause" shall mean:

             (i)  the willful and continued failure of the Executive to
   perform substantially the Executive's duties with the Company or one of
   its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due
   to physical or mental illness), after a written demand for performance is
   delivered to the Executive by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
   which specifically identifies the manner in which the Chief Executive
   Officer believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the
   Executive's duties, or

             (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or
   gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the
   Company.  

   For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of
   the Executive, shall be considered "willful" unless it is done, or omitted
   to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief
   that the Executive's action or omission was in the best interests of the
   Company.  Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant
   to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the instructions of the
   Chief Executive Officer or a senior officer of the Company or based upon
   the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be
   done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the
   best interests of the Company.  The cessation of employment of the
   Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall
   have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted
   by the affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire
   membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such
   purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the
   Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard
   before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board,
   the Executive is guilty of the conduct described in subparagraph (i) or
   (ii) above, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.  Any
   termination of the Executive's employment by the Company during the
   Employment Period (other than a termination under Section 5(a)) shall be
   deemed to be a termination other than for Cause unless it meets all
   requirements of this Section 5(b).  

             (c)  Good Reason.  The Executive's employment may be terminated
   by the Executive for Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Good
   Reason" shall mean:

                  (i)  the assignment to the Executive of any duties
   inconsistent in any respect with the Executive's position (including
   status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or
   responsibilities as contemplated by Section 4(a) of this Agreement, or any
   other action by the Company which results in a diminution in such
   position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this
   purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad
   faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of
   notice thereof given by the Executive;

                  (ii) any failure by the Company to comply with any of the
   provisions of Section 4(b) of this Agreement, other than an isolated,
   insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which
   is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given
   by the Executive;

                  (iii)     the Company's requiring the Executive to be based
   at any office or location other than as provided in Section 4(a)(i)(B)
   hereof or the Company's requiring the Executive to travel on Company
   business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior
   to the Effective Date;

                  (iv) any purported termination by the Company of the
   Executive's employment otherwise than as expressly permitted by this
   Agreement; or

                  (v)  any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy
   Section 11(c) of this Agreement.

   For purposes of this Section 5(c), any good faith determination of "Good
   Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.  Anything in this
   Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, a termination by the Executive
   for any reason where the Date of Termination (as defined below) is during
   the 30-day period immediately following the first anniversary of the
   Effective Date shall be deemed to be a termination for Good Reason for all
   purposes of this Agreement.

             (d)  Notice of Termination.  Any termination by the Company for
   Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by
   Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with
   Section 12(b) of this Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, a
   "Notice of Termination" means a written notice which (i) indicates the
   specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the
   extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and
   circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the
   Executive's employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the
   Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt
   of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not
   more than thirty days after the giving of such notice).  The failure by
   the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any
   fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or
   Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company,
   respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company,
   respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the
   Executive's or the Company's rights hereunder.

             (e)  Date of Termination.  "Date of Termination" means (i) if
   the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by
   the Executive for Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of
   Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii)
   if the Executive's employment is terminated by the Company other than for
   Cause or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date on which
   the Company notifies the Executive of such termination and (iii) if the
   Executive's employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the
   Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive or the
   Disability Effective Date, as the case may be.

             6.   Obligations of the Company upon Termination.  (a)  Good
   Reason, Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability.  If, during the
   Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive's employment
   other than for Cause or Disability or the Executive shall terminate
   employment for Good Reason:

             (i)  the Company shall pay to the Executive in a lump sum in
   cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the
   following amounts:

                  A.  the sum of (1) the Executive's Annual Base Salary
   through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, (2)
   the product of (x) the higher of (I) the Recent Annual Bonus and (II) the
   Annual Bonus paid or payable, including any bonus or portion thereof which
   has been earned but deferred (and annualized for any fiscal year
   consisting of less than twelve full months or during which the Executive
   was employed for less than twelve full months), for the most recently
   completed fiscal year during the Employment Period, if any (such higher
   amount being referred to as the "Highest Annual Bonus") and (y) a
   fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current
   fiscal year of the Company through the Date of Termination, and the
   denominator of which is 365 and (3) any compensation previously deferred
   by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or earnings thereon)
   and any accrued vacation pay, in each case to the extent not theretofore
   paid (the sum of the amounts described in clauses (1), (2), and (3) shall
   be hereinafter referred to as the "Accrued Obligations"); and

                  B.  the amount equal to the product of (1) three and (2)
   the sum of (x) the Executive's Annual Base Salary and (y) the Highest
   Annual Bonus; and 

                  C.  an amount equal to all vested and nonforfitable
   amounts, as defined under the Company's savings and retirement plans and
   programs (qualified and non-qualified) described in Section 4(b)(iii) and

             (ii) for three years after the Executive's Date of Termination,
   the Company shall continue benefits to the Executive and/or the
   Executive's family at least equal to those which would have been provided
   to them in accordance with the plans, programs, practices and policies
   described in Section 4(b)(iv) of this Agreement if the Executive's
   employment had not been terminated or, if more favorable to the Executive,
   as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer
   executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families,
   provided, however, that if the Executive becomes reemployed with another
   employer and is eligible to receive medical or other welfare benefits
   under another employer-provided plan, the medical and other welfare
   benefits described herein shall be secondary to those provided under such
   other plan during such applicable period of eligibility.  For purposes of
   determining eligibility (but not the time of commencement of benefits) of
   the Executive for retiree benefits pursuant to such plans, practices,
   programs and policies, the Executive shall be considered to have remained
   employed until three years after the Date of Termination and to have
   retired on the last day of such period;

             (iii)     the Company shall, at its sole expense as incurred,
   provide the Executive with outplacement services the scope and provider of
   which shall be selected by the Executive in his sole discretion; and

             (iv) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company
   shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits
   required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to
   receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or
   agreement of the Company and its affiliated companies (such other amounts
   and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Other Benefits").

             (b)  Death.  If the Executive's employment is terminated by
   reason of the Executive's death during the Employment Period, this
   Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive's
   legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of
   Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. 
   Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive's estate or
   beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the
   Date of Termination.  With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the
   term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 6(b) shall include,
   without limitation, and the Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries shall
   be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable
   benefits provided by the Company and affiliated companies to the estates
   and beneficiaries of peer executives of the Company and such affiliated
   companies under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to
   death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives
   and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately
   preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive's
   death with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its
   affiliated companies and their beneficiaries.

             (c)  Disability.  If the Executive's employment is terminated by
   reason of the Executive's Disability during the Employment Period, this
   Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive,
   other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or
   provision of Other Benefits.  Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the
   Executive in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination. 
   With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term "Other Benefits"
   as utilized in this Section 6(c) shall include, and the Executive shall be
   entitled after the Disability Effective Date to receive, disability and
   other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those generally
   provided by the Company and its affiliated companies to disabled
   executives and/or their families in accordance with such plans, programs,
   practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect
   generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any
   time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date
   or, if more favorable to the Executive and/or the Executive's family, as
   in effect at any time thereafter generally with respect to other peer
   executives of the Company and its affiliated companies and their families.

             (d)  Cause; Other than for Good Reason.  If the Executive's
   employment shall be terminated for Cause during the Employment Period,
   this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the
   Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive (x) his Annual
   Base Salary through the Date of Termination, (y) the amount of any
   compensation previously deferred by the Executive, and (z) Other Benefits,
   in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid.  If the Executive
   voluntarily terminates employment during the Employment Period, excluding
   a termination for Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without
   further obligations to the Executive, other than for Accrued Obligations
   and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits.  In such case, all
   Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum in cash
   within 30 days of the Date of Termination.  

             7.   Nonexclusivity of Rights.  Nothing in this Agreement shall
   prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any
   plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its
   affiliated companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject
   to Section 12(f), shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such
   rights as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the
   Company or any of its affiliated companies.  Amounts which are vested
   benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any
   plan, policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the
   Company or any of its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of
   Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy,
   practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified
   by this Agreement.

             8.   Full Settlement.  The Company's obligations to make the
   payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its
   obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim,
   recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may
   have against the Executive or others.  In no event shall the Executive be
   obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of
   mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the
   provisions of this Agreement.  Each and every payment made hereunder by
   the Company shall be final, and the Company will not seek to recover all
   or any part of such payment from the Executive for any reason.  The
   Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the full extent permitted by law,
   all legal fees and expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a
   result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Company,
   the Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability
   under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance
   thereof (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the
   amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case
   interest on any delayed payment at the applicable Federal rate provided
   for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
   amended (the "Code").

             9.   Certain Additional Payments by the Company.  (a)  Anything
   in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth
   below, in the event it shall be determined that any payment or
   distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive
   (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the
   terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but determined without regard to any
   additional payments required under this Section 9) (a "Payment") would be
   subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or any
   interest or penalties are incurred by the Executive with respect to such
   excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and
   penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Excise Tax"),
   then the Executive shall be entitled to receive an additional payment (a
   "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that after payment by the Executive
   of all taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed with respect to
   such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any
   interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax
   imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an amount of the
   Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments.

             (b)  Subject to the provisions of Section 9(c), all
   determinations required to be made under this Section 9, including whether
   and when a Gross-Up Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up
   Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such
   determination, shall be made by Deloitte & Touche LLP or such certified
   public accounting firm as may be designated by the Executive (the
   "Accounting Firm") which shall provide detailed supporting calculations
   both to the Company and the Executive within 15 business days of the
   receipt of notice from the Executive and that there has been a Payment, or
   such earlier time as is requested by the Company.  In the event that the
   Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual,
   entity or group effecting the Change of Control, the Executive shall
   appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make the
   determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be
   referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder).  All fees and expenses of
   the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company.  Any Gross-Up
   Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section 9, shall be paid by the
   Company to the Executive within ten days of the receipt of the Accounting
   Firm's determination.  Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be
   binding upon the Company and the Executive.  As a result of the
   uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of
   the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible
   that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made by the Company should
   have been made ("Underpayment"), consistent with the calculations required
   to be made hereunder.  In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies
   pursuant to Section 9(c) and the Executive thereafter is required to make
   a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the
   amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment
   shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the
   Executive.

             (c)  The Executive shall notify the Company in writing of any
   claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require
   the payment by the Company of the Gross-Up Payment.  Such notification
   shall be given as soon as practicable but no later than ten business days
   after the Executive is informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise
   the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which said claim
   is requested to be paid.  The Executive shall not pay such claim prior to
   the expiration of the 30-day period following the date on which it gives 
   such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date that
   any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due).  If the Company
   notifies the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such period
   that it desires to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

             (i)  give the Company any information reasonably requested by
   the Company relating to such claim,

             (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim
   as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time,
   including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect
   to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

             (iii)     cooperate with the Company in good faith in order
   effectively to contest such claim, and

             (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings
   relating to such claim;

   provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs
   and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in
   connection with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive
   harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or Income Tax
   (including interest and penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a
   result of such representation and payment of costs and expenses.  Without
   limitation on the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(c), the Company
   shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest and,
   at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all administrative
   appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing authority
   in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct the
   Executive to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or to contest the
   claim in any permissible manner, and the Executive agrees to prosecute
   such contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a
   court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the
   Company shall determine; provided, however, that if the Company directs
   the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall
   advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an interest-free
   basis and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an after-tax
   basis, from any Excise Tax or Income Tax (including interest or penalties
   with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with respect
   to any imputed income with respect to such advance; and further provided
   that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of
   taxes for the taxable year of the Executive with respect to which such
   contested amount is claimed to be due solely to such contested amount. 
   Furthermore, the Company's control of the contest shall be limited to
   issues with respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder
   and the Executive shall be entitled to settle or  contest, as the case may
   be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other
   taxing authority.

                  (d)  If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount
   advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 9(c), the Executive becomes
   entitled to receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive
   shall (subject to the Company's complying with the requirements of Section
   9(c) promptly pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with
   any interest paid or credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). 
   If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced by the
   Company pursuant to Section 9(c), a determination is made that the
   Executive shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such claim
   and the Company does not notify the Executive in writing of its intent to
   contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration of 30 days after
   such determination, then such advance shall be forgiven and shall not be
   required to be repaid and the amount of such advance shall offset, to the
   extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.

             10.  Confidential Information.  The Executive shall hold in a
   fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or
   confidential information, knowledge or data relating to the Company or any
   of its affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall
   have been obtained by the Executive during the Executive's employment by
   the Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or
   become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Executive or
   representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement).  After
   termination of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive
   shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company or as may
   otherwise be required by law or legal process, communicate or divulge any
   such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than the Company and
   those designated by it.  In no event shall an asserted violation of the
   provisions of this Section 10 constitute a basis for deferring or
   withholding any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under this
   Agreement.

             11.  Successors.  (a)  This Agreement is personal to the
   Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not
   be assignable by the Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of
   descent and distribution.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
   and be enforceable by the Executive's legal representatives.

             (b)  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
   upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

             (c)  The Company will require any successor (whether direct or
   indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
   substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume
   expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to
   the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no
   such succession had taken place.  As used in this agreement, "Company"
   shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its
   business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform
   this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

             12.  Miscellaneous.  (a)  The captions of this Agreement are not
   part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.  This
   Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written
   agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors
   and legal representatives.

             (b)  Notices given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in
   writing and shall be deemed given when actually received by the Executive
   or actually received by the Company's secretary.  If mailed, such notices
   shall be mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return
   receipt requested, addressee only, postage prepaid, if to the Company, to
   Attention: Secretary (or President, if the Executive is then Secretary),
   or if to the Executive, at the address set forth below the Executive's
   signature to this Agreement, or to such other address as the party to be
   notified shall have theretofore given to the other party in writing.  

             (c)  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this
   Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
   provision of this Agreement.

             (d)  The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under
   this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be
   required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

             (e)  The Executive's or the Company's failure to insist upon
   strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to
   assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder,
   including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to terminate
   employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(c)(i)-(v) of this
   Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right
   or any other provision or right of this Agreement.

             (f)  The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as
   may otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the
   Executive and the Company, the employment of the Executive by the Company
   is "at will" and, subject to Section 1(a) hereof, prior to the Effective
   Date, the Executive's employment and/or this Agreement may be terminated
   by either the Executive or the Company at any time prior to the Effective
   Date, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights under this
   Agreement.  From and after the Effective Date this Agreement shall
   supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the
   subject matter hereof.  

             13.  Governing Law; Resolution of Disputes.  This Agreement and
   the rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed by and construed in
   accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin.  Any dispute arising
   out of this Agreement shall, at the Executive's election, be determined by
   arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association then
   in effect (in which case both parties shall be bound by the arbitration
   award) or by litigation.  Whether the dispute is to be settled by
   arbitration or litigation, the venue for the arbitration or litigation
   shall be in the judicial district encompassing the city in which the
   Executive resides; provided, that, if the Executive is not then residing
   in the United States, the election of the Executive with respect to such
   venue shall be Wisconsin.  The parties consent to personal jurisdiction in
   each trial court in the selected venue having subject matter jurisdiction,
   and each party irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner
   provided hereunder for the giving of notices.

             IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the
   Executive's hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of
   Directors, the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its
   name and on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written.


                            UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION


                            By________________________________
                               Guy A. Osborn
                               Chairman and CEO

      CORPORATE SEAL

                            Attest_____________________________
                                 Secretary


                               ________________________________
                                 Signature

                               ________________________________
                                 Name (please print)

                            Address___________________________
                                   ___________________________
                                   ___________________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13 ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>



                                                                   Exhibit 13

   [Start Page 16]
   Operations Review

   Flavor

   Continued strong performance internationally and growth in our U.S. food
   and beverage flavors offset softness in the U.S. dairy flavors market.
   Operating margins increased while revenue for the year was up 4%.

   U.S. food flavor and ingredients revenue was up as a result of increasing
   penetration of the segment. Formulations for juices, teas, and sports
   beverages boosted beverage flavor revenues in the U.S. Dairy flavor
   revenue declined due to weaknesses with major customer brands and further
   industry consolidation.

   U.S. operations were reorganized in the fourth quarter by food, beverage
   and dairy industries to capitalize on technical expertise in those markets
   and to improve responsiveness to target customers. European operations
   were restructured geographically and product lines consolidated.

   Strong results in the Pacific Rim and Canada offset a decline in Mexico
   due to economic conditions in that country. Development of new fragrance
   components for household and personal care items boosted results from our
   European aroma chemical business.

   We significantly strengthened our research, development and applications
   expertise and enhanced processing technology for natural flavors. An
   integrated information system was launched which will improve
   responsiveness.


   Color

   Continued improvement in product mix and good international demand drove
   profit growth for the year. Revenue was up 5% despite the impact of
   economic conditions in Mexico which represents 11% of division sales.

   Domestic food and beverage color revenue was up. Sales of value-added
   color dispersions rose as we created specialized solutions to meet
   customer needs. Fruit and other new-age beverages propelled a significant
   increase in revenue from natural colors.

   Presence in the U.S. cosmetic and pharmaceutical markets was strengthened
   through a restructuring of sales and marketing efforts and the addition of
   other ingredients to the product line. Semi-permanent hair dyes boosted
   cosmetic color sales in Europe.

   The ongoing transformation of the St. Louis, Missouri, manufacturing
   complex into the most modern color production facility in the world
   continued. A state-of-the-art facility to produce water-insoluble pigments
   went into full production and construction of a new warehouse began.

   Process technology improvements resulted in more efficient manufacturing,
   production of additional raw and intermediate materials as well as fine
   chemicals, and more sophisticated extraction of natural colors.


   Dehydrated Products

   Revenue was up 38% bolstered by European acquisitions; operating profit
   improved. Revenue from the existing business was up 11% reflecting strong
   U.S. onion and garlic volumes.

   Acquisitions in France and The Netherlands, combined with a 1994 purchase
   in Ireland, gave us market leadership in the European dehydrated vegetable
   business with a broad line of specialty products and opportunities to
   enhance exports.

   Our product line now includes carrots, peas, beans, celeriac and a variety
   of other vegetables in addition to our onion, garlic and chili products.
   We also expanded our dehydration technology to include freeze and vacuum
   drying to produce premium products with short reconstitution times.

   Integration of the European acquisitions began. Sales and marketing have
   been centralized. U.S. processing technology and agricultural growing
   expertise is being transferred to the region. Vegetables will be grown and
   dehydrated in those locations best suited for each product.

   Certification to international quality standards (ISO 9002) was achieved
   by the U.S. production facility in Turlock, California; laboratories in
   Livingston and Greenfield, California; and by our acquired facility in
   France. Other European facilities were certified previously.


   Red Star Bioproducts

   Acquisitions made in the fourth quarter of 1994 significantly boosted 1995
   revenue and operating profit in the division. Over half of revenue was
   derived from outside of the United States.

   The acquisition of Champlain Industries and the Biolux Group significantly
   expanded our product lines and international reach. We integrated and
   strengthened sales and marketing efforts of the combined group.

   With a broadened product line for food processors that includes flavor
   enhancers derived from yeast and vegetable proteins, we strengthened our
   market position in North America and built upon our new presence in
   Europe.

   To produce food- and pharmaceutical-grade extracts from spent brewer's
   yeast in Europe, we undertook the transfer of proprietary U.S. technology
   to our acquired operations. Investment in additional equipment and
   capacity is slated to begin in 1996 to meet anticipated demand.

   Marketing of yeast extracts as bionutrients was strengthened.
   High-performance extracts serve as a source of nutrition for the
   production of enzymes, natural flavors and pharmaceuticals, as well as in
   biotechnology and environmental clean-up.


   Red Star yeast & Products

   With solid improvements in operating profit, we widened our advantage as
   the leading, low-cost yeast supplier in North America. The boost in
   operating margin was the result of recovering prices and successful cost
   reduction efforts.

   We captured the benefits of restructuring our sales and marketing group
   and developed partnerships with distributors to provide reliable service
   at lower costs. Capital investments continued to improve the efficiency of
   operations.

   Significant changes also occurred in the infrastructure of the industry in
   1995, with the exit of two yeast producers from the North American market
   and a subsequent reduction in capacity.

   We are capitalizing on the trend towards automated handling of ingredients
   in the wholesale baking industry by taking a leadership position in the
   conversion of key customers to bulk yeast delivery systems.

   Retail yeast sales continued to get a boost from the bread machine boom.
   Promotional activities included joint marketing and couponing with bread
   machine and packaged bread mix makers, and the introduction of a line of
   Red Star bread machines.

   [End Page 16]

   [Start Text of Pages 18-21]

   Management's Analysis of Operations and Financial Condition
   Years ended September 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993


   Results of Operations

   During 1995, Universal Foods Corporation focused on strengthening its
   existing businesses to position the Company for future growth. The
   businesses were strengthened through acquisitions, international expansion
   and a continued emphasis on its strategy to use process and applications
   expertise to move into more advanced and sophisticated product categories.
   With the sale of the Frozen Foods business in the 1994 fourth quarter,
   1995 was the Company's first full year of operations as a developer and
   marketer of high-performance ingredients for foods and other uses. Revenue
   from the Company's continuing businesses was $793 million in 1995 compared
   to $691 million in 1994.

   Net earnings in 1995 were $66.1 million or $2.54 per share compared with
   $50.9 million or $1.95 per share in 1994. The 1995 earnings include a net
   pretax gain from unusual items of $26.8 million or $.36 per share. The
   1994 results include a pretax restructuring charge of $12.1 million or
   $.29 per share.

   Unusual items in 1995 include a pretax gain from the sale of the Frozen
   Foods business of $49.6 million offset by the cost of discontinuing a
   product line of $14.1 million and other items totaling $8.7 million.
   Approximately 70% of the unusual charges relate to the write-down of
   assets to net realizable value.

   In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company recorded a pretax restructuring
   charge of $12.1 million. The restructuring includes product line
   consolidation in the Company's Flavor Division and the reorganization of
   sales, marketing and distribution functions in the Red Star Yeast &
   Products Division. The charge included $6 million of severance and
   termination benefits and $6.1 million of asset write-offs and other items.
   Approximately 50% of the charge was non-cash. Operating cash flows were
   used to fund severance and other cash items. The restructuring program was
   substantially completed in 1995 and will reduce operating costs in 1996.

   Revenue in 1995 was $793 million compared with $930 million in 1994 and
   $892 million in 1993. The decrease in revenue in 1995 was caused by the
   sale of the Frozen Foods business. In 1995 the Company's ongoing
   operations increased revenue by $102 million compared with an increase of
   $67 million in 1994. Of the 1995 revenue growth from ongoing operations,
   60% was generated by the BioProducts Division due to volume gains from
   acquisitions and growth from their existing business. The Dehydrated
   Products Division contributed 32% of the gains through growth in the onion
   and garlic business bolstered by the European acquisitions. The Flavor and
   Color Divisions showed modest revenue increases while Red Star Yeast &
   Products was down slightly.

   In 1994, the Company was able to continue growth in revenue through
   acquisitions, volume increases and market share growth, both domestically
   and internationally. Of the 1994 sales growth from ongoing operations, 33%
   was generated from the Flavor Division by volume gains through
   acquisitions, growth in U.S. food and beverage flavors and strong sales in
   the Pacific Rim. The Color Division generated 29% of the revenue growth
   through volume gains and a concentration of sales in higher dollar-value
   products. The BioProducts Division contributed 22% of the gains through
   growth in higher-value products and the benefit of two acquisitions in the
   fourth quarter. Modest revenue gains were also achieved by the Dehydrated
   Products and Red Star Yeast & Products Divisions.

   Sales generated outside the United States is a significant portion of the
   Company's revenue. In 1995 foreign sales revenue was $313 million, or
   approximately 40% of total revenue. This compares with $232 million or 25%
   of total revenue in 1994. In 1993 revenue generated outside the United
   States was $184 million, or 21% of total Company revenue. Approximately
   58% of the 1995 international sales were in Europe. The Company also
   generates revenue in Canada, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. Historically,
   changes in foreign currency rates have not been material to revenue and
   expenses and management currently expects no significant impact from
   foreign currency rate changes in 1996.

   The cost of products sold represented 65.3% of revenue in 1995, 66.3% in
   1994 and 66.1% in 1993. The 1% decrease in 1995 resulted from improved
   product mix and operating efficiencies. In 1994, the cost of products sold
   as a percentage of revenue did not change significantly from 1993 as
   higher raw material costs in the Frozen Foods Division were offset by
   volume efficiencies in the Flavor and BioProducts Divisions.

   Despite a decrease in 1995 revenue, selling and administrative expenses
   decreased to 21.7% of revenue as compared to 22.0% in 1994 and 1993. The
   Company's continued focus on cost reduction resulted in a decrease in
   total expenses in 1995.

   Operating income, excluding unusual items, decreased $6.3 million in 1995
   compared with an increase of $3.4 million in 1994. The 1995 decrease is
   primarily attributable to the sale of the Frozen Foods business reduced by
   increases in operating income for all other divisions.

   The 1994 increase in operating income is attributable to increases in the
   Flavor, Color and BioProducts Divisions which offset weak operating
   earnings in the Frozen Foods Division due to increased selling costs and
   production costs associated with raw material quality. 

   The effective income tax rate was 42.3% in 1995 compared with 37.3% in
   1994 and 37.5% in 1993. The effective tax rate in 1995 was increased by a
   higher than normal tax rate on the gain on the sale of the Frozen Foods
   business offset by increased tax credits. 

   The Company uses financial instruments in its management of foreign
   currency and interest rate exposures. The Company has procedures in place
   to monitor and control financial instruments, and they are not held or
   issued for trading purposes. The Company's credit risk related to
   financial instruments is considered low.

   During 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
   Standards (SFAS) No. 106 "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
   Benefits Other Than Pensions," SFAS No. 112 "Employer's Accounting for
   Postemployment Benefits," and SFAS No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes."
   Standards 106 and 112 require the accrual of certain benefit costs during
   the years an employee provides service rather than when they are paid. The
   combined impact of these accounting changes resulted in a cumulative,
   non-cash charge to net earnings in 1993 of $23.6 million or $0.90 per
   share.

   Liquidity and Financial Position

   Cash provided by operating activities was $23.1 million in 1995 and $61.6
   million in 1994. The decrease in 1995 versus 1994 was primarily the result
   of higher taxes paid resulting from the sale of the Frozen Foods business.
   The decrease in cash provided by operating activities of $21.1 million in
   1994 versus 1993 was the result of higher working capital requirements
   principally related to increased international sales levels.

   Cash used for investing activities was $16.3 million in 1995 versus $36
   million provided by investing activities in 1994. The 1995 and 1994
   amounts include $39 million and $163 million, respectively, of cash
   received from the sale of the Frozen Foods business. 

   Acquisitions of $12.4 million in 1995 included two European dehydrated
   vegetable businesses. During 1994, the Company used $65.9 of cash to
   acquire four businesses. The acquisitions included Destillaciones Garcia
   de la Fuente, S.A., a Spanish flavor and fragrance business; Mallow Foods,
   a dehydrator of vegetable products based in Ireland; Champlain Industries
   Limited, a Canadian producer of flavor enhancers and savory flavorings;
   and the Biolux Group, a European producer of ingredients from brewer's
   yeast. In 1994, the Company also entered an agreement with Minn-Dak Yeast
   Company, Inc. for contract manufacturing under the Red Star label and to
   supply molasses, a major raw material in yeast production. In keeping with
   the Company's overall business strategy, these acquisitions are expected
   to enhance current manufacturing and distribution capabilities, as well as
   expand its abilities in new product development.

   Capital expenditures totaled $42.6 million in 1995, compared to $55.1
   million in 1994. Both years reflect expenditures for productivity
   improvements and plant expansions, principally in the Flavor and Color
   Divisions. In 1996, capital expenditures are estimated to be between $50
   and $60 million; depreciation should approximate $32 million.

   Financing activities used $41.6 million in 1995 compared to $65.6 million
   in 1994. In 1995 and 1994, the Company used proceeds from the sale of the
   Frozen Foods business to pay down debt and fund acquisitions. In 1995, the
   Company refinanced its $55 million revolving loan agreement with a $70
   million multicurrency revolving loan agreement. The revolving loan
   agreement supports the Company's commercial paper program. The Company has
   an agreement in place to issue $40 million of 6.99% senior notes on
   December 28, 1995. Proceeds will be used to refinance $20 million of
   senior notes coming due in December 1995 and for general corporate
   purposes.

   The Company has paid uninterrupted quarterly dividends since commencing
   public trading in its stock over twenty years ago. In 1995, dividends paid
   per share were $0.96 up 4% over $.92 in 1994, which was an increase of 5%
   over 1993. As evidence of the Company's continued effort to provide
   shareholders with immediate and tangible participation in current
   earnings, the dividends paid in 1995 represented 44% of net earnings
   before unusual items, exceeding the Company's goal of paying annual cash
   dividends between 35% and 40% of earnings. Subsequent to year-end, the
   dividend on common shares was increased to an annualized rate of $1.00 per
   share, a 4% increase.

   The impact of inflation on both the Company's financial position and
   results of operations has been minimal and is not expected to adversely
   affect 1996 results.

   The Company's financial position continues to remain strong, enabling it
   to meet cash requirements for operations, capital expansion programs and
   dividends to shareholders.

   Outlook

   Universal Foods Corporation's primary market is the food industry. Despite
   a slow-growth environment in the industry, the Company expects to increase
   revenue and profits by targeting faster growing niches and successful
   customers within each of its businesses, leveraging its process and
   applications expertise to move into more advanced and sophisticated
   product categories, and capitalizing on geographic expansion.

   The Company views consolidations within the food industry as an
   opportunity to be among the select number of companies participating in
   long-term supplier relationships with its customers. The Company also
   expects to continue to increase total revenue provided by exports and
   manufacturing operations outside the United States to enhance its position
   as a supplier to international customers.

   Certain of the Company's businesses and products provide slower, stable
   growth while others can be expected to achieve higher levels of
   performance. As a supplier of value-added ingredients, the Company can
   benefit from new trends in the food and beverage industry. It has the
   technology and flexibility to meet changing customer needs as well as to
   supply both brand name and private label manufacturers.

   Additional opportunities exist in leveraging its expertise into non-food
   areas. Currently, about 10% of revenue comes from non-food applications.
   These include such diverse, but technically related applications as
   cosmetics, personal care, pharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals.

   Universal Foods expects to achieve further synergies from its recent
   acquisitions in the Red Star BioProducts and Dehydrated Products Divisions
   as manufacturing operations and sourcing of materials are rationalized and
   enhanced. The transfer of U.S. technology to acquired European operations
   will provide for improved processing efficiencies and upgraded product
   quality, both of which should improve operating margins in those
   operations. In addition, the Company expects to continue to benefit from
   the integration of acquired Flavor and Color operations which have been
   restructured over the past few years.

   To further penetrate the growing market for flavors, flavor enhancers and
   colors in Asia/Pacific Rim, the Company will strengthen its regional
   presence. Resources and personnel will be devoted to building an
   infrastructure for expanded technical and marketing support from a central
   location. These activities are considered an investment in long-term
   growth and should significantly boost the company's share of revenue from
   the region, now 4%.

   Other Issues

   Environmental Issues: Universal Foods has a proactive environmental
   program, taking the initiative rather than waiting for legal mandates to
   prod action. The Company provides employee training and encourages active
   employee involvement with respect to environmental concerns.

   The Company has strengthened its environmental policy, placing emphasis on
   process changes to reduce or eliminate environmental discharges, rather
   than relying on costly emission control investments to treat waste after
   it is produced. For example, the Red Star Yeast & Product Division has
   re-engineered its manufacturing process to be more efficient and control
   emissions through the same state-of-the-art system. The system, installed
   in two facilities, is the culmination of six years of cooperative efforts
   with federal and state regulatory agencies.

   Equal Opportunity Policy: Universal Foods is an Equal Opportunity
   Employer. The Company strives to create a working environment free of
   discrimination and harassment with respect to race, sex, color, national
   origin, religion, age, disability or being a veteran of the Vietnam era,
   as well as to make reasonable accommodations in the employment of
   qualified individuals with disabilities.

   Corporate Governance: Universal Foods believes it is managed in a way that
   is fair to all its shareholders and which allows its shareholders to
   maximize the value of their investment by participating in the present and
   future growth of the Company. 

   Independent Board of Directors: The Company's Board of Directors is
   composed primarily of independent members. Nominees for board members are
   selected to provide a diversity of expertise, experience and achievements
   in general business and food-related fields which allow the Board to most
   effectively represent the interests of all the Company's shareholders. 

   Independent Committees: The audit, nominating and compensation and
   development committees of the Board are composed of directors who are not
   employees of the Company. These committees, as well as the entire Board,
   consult with and are advised by outside consultants and experts in
   connection with their deliberations as needed. 

   Executive Compensation: A significant portion of executive compensation is
   tied to the Company's success in meeting specific performance goals. The
   overall objectives of this policy are to attract and retain the best
   possible executive talent, to motivate these executives to achieve the
   Company's business strategy goals, to link executive and shareholder
   interests through equity-based plans and to provide a program that
   recognizes individual contributions. 

   Scientific Advisory Committee: As an advisory committee to the Board, this
   group reviews research and development programs with respect to the
   quality and scope of work undertaken, advises the Company on maintaining
   product leadership through technological innovation, reports on new
   technological trends and suggests new emphasis for research. 

   Confidential Voting: The Company provides for confidential shareholder
   voting by employing an independent tabulation service. Proxy cards which
   identify the particular vote of a shareholder are not seen by the Company
   unless it is necessary to meet legal requirements or in the event a
   shareholder has made a written comment on the card.

   Corporate Responsibility: The Company is committed to the health and
   well-being of the communities in which it does business. Universal Foods
   supports an initiative to return 2% of pretax domestic earnings to its
   communities through contributions and in-kind donations of products and
   services. The Universal Foods Foundation is a not-for-profit organization
   formed by the Company to manage its charitable contributions. Areas that
   receive support are education, health and human services, culture and the
   arts, and civic and community projects. 

   [End Pages 18-21]

   [Start Page 22]

   Consolidated Financial Data


   (Dollars in thousands
    except per share amounts)

                                                        Earnings
                      Revenue  Gross Profit   Earnings  Per Share
    1995
    First Quarter     $187,724    $65,353     $35,582    $1.37
    Second Quarter     191,824     67,171      13,648      .52
    Third Quarter      207,542     68,546      14,557      .56
    Fourth Quarter     205,881     73,707       2,316      .09

    1994
    First Quarter     $220,791    $76,632     $14,460    $ .55
    Second Quarter     237,082     79,437      14,574      .56
    Third Quarter      249,467     81,199      15,310      .59
    Fourth Quarter     222,523     75,843       6,567      .25

   Fourth quarter of 1995 includes unusual charges of $22,713,000.
   First quarter of 1995 includes a gain on the sale of the Frozen Foods
   business of $49,560,000.
   Fourth quarter of 1994 includes a restructuring charge of $12,125,000.


   Common Stock Prices and Dividends

                            Market Price        Dividends
                            High    Low         Per Share
    1995
    First Quarter          $31.13  $26.13        $.24
    Second Quarter          34.25   27.25         .24
    Third Quarter           34.00   31.38         .24
    Fourth Quarter          34.88   31.00         .24

    1994
    First Quarter          $35.00  $30.38        $.23
    Second Quarter          34.38   30.00         .23
    Third Quarter           34.25   29.50         .23
    Fourth Quarter          33.38   28.88         .23

  [End Page 22]

  [Start Pages 23-33]

   Consolidated Earnings

    (In thousands except
    per share amounts)

    Years ended September 30,           1995       1994      1993
    Earnings
    Revenue                            $792,971  $929,863   $891,566
    Operating costs and expenses:
     Cost of products sold              518,194   616,752    589,735
     Selling and administrative
        expenses                        171,914   203,965    196,102
     Unusual items                      (26,847)   12,125       -
                                        -------  --------   --------
                                        663,261   832,842    785,837
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Operating income                    129,710    97,021    105,729
    Interest expense                     15,107    15,888     15,172
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Earnings before income taxes and
      cumulative effect of accounting
      changes                           114,603    81,133     90,557
    Income taxes                         48,500    30,222     33,959
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Earnings before cumulative
      effect of accounting changes       66,103    50,911     56,598
    Cumulative effect of accounting
      changes (net of income taxes
      of $14,137)                          -         -        23,563
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Net earnings                       $ 66,103  $ 50,911   $ 33,035
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Earnings per Common Share
    Earnings before cumulative effect
      of accounting changes               $2.54    $1.95       $2.15
    Accounting changes                     -        -           (.90)
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Net earnings                          $2.54    $1.95       $1.25
                                        -------  --------   --------
    Weighted average shares              26,061   26,131      26,350
                                        -------  --------   --------


   See notes to consolidated financial statements.
   <PAGE>

   Consolidated Balance Sheets

    (Dollars in thousands)
    September 30,                               1995        1994
    Assets
    Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                $  8,717    $ 43,430
     Trade accounts receivable less
       allowance for losses of $3,768
       and $3,527                              105,847      95,336
     Inventories                               179,020     156,121
     Prepaid expenses and other
       current assets                           15,230      19,145
     Prepaid income taxes                       17,550      13,796
                                              --------    --------
    Total current assets                       326,364     327,828
    Investments                                 18,081      13,944
    Other assets                                24,083      18,384
    Intangibles-at cost, less accumulated
     amortization of $27,165 and $26,042       148,654     147,789
    Property, Plant and Equipment:
     Cost:
      Land                                      15,438      14,396
      Buildings                                123,739     104,142
      Machinery and equipment                  308,204     309,847
                                              --------    --------
                                               447,381     428,385
     Less accumulated depreciation             187,693     172,666
                                              --------    --------
                                               259,688     255,719
    Total assets                              $776,870    $763,664
                                              --------    --------
    Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
    Current Liabilities:
     Short-term borrowings                    $  7,108    $  4,527
     Accounts payable and accrued
      expenses                                 121,922     127,823
     Salaries, wages and withholdings
      from employees                            11,715      10,330
     Income taxes                               20,755      28,697
     Current maturities on long-term
      debt                                      21,100      20,775
                                              --------    --------
    Total current liabilities                  182,600     192,152
    Deferred income taxes                       14,514      17,300
    Other deferred liabilities                  19,198      19,414
    Accrued employee and retiree
     benefits                                   38,100      35,173
    Long-term debt                             160,678     172,235
    Shareholders' Equity:
     Common stock par value $.10 a share
      authorized 100,000,000 shares; 
      issued 26,977,437 shares                   2,698       2,698
     Additional paid-in capital                 78,955      80,066
     Earnings reinvested in the business       314,883     273,800
                                              --------    --------
                                               396,536     356,564
     Less: Treasury stock, 877,961 and
      916,615 shares, respectively, at cost     24,770      25,521
        Other                                    9,986       3,653
                                              --------    --------
                                               361,780     327,390
                                              --------    --------
    Total liabilities and
     shareholders' equity                     $776,870    $763,664
                                              --------    --------

   See notes to consolidated financial statements.

   <PAGE>
   <TABLE>
   Consolidated Shareholders' Equity
   <CAPTION>

                                                                                              Other
                                                                              --------------------------------------
                                                 Earnings                                      Unearned    Foreign
                                  Additional    reinvested     Treasury Stock   Unallocated   portion of   currency
                          Common    paid-in       in the      ----------------      ESOP      restricted  translation
 (Dollars in thousands)   stock     capital      business    Shares      Amount     stock        stock    adjustments

   <S>                     <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>     
   Balances at
    September 30, 1992     $ 2,698   $ 80,511   $ 237,095   666,035   $ (16,228)  $(3,700)     $ (1,088)   $ 3,886
   Net earnings for the
    year                                           33,035
   Cash dividends paid-
    $.88 a share                                  (23,191)
   Stock options exercised,
    net of 11,029 shares
    exchanged                           (883)               (72,013)      1,761
   Other                                 (16)                21,916        (764)
   Restricted stock issued               214                (23,200)        569                    (783)
   Restricted stock
    cancelled                                                 1,162         (31)                     13
   Amortization of
    restricted stock                                                                                460
   Translation adjustment
    for year                                                                                                (9,992)
   Reduction of ESOP
    loan guarantee                                                                  1,500

   Balances at
    September 30, 1993       2,698    79,826      246,939   593,900     (14,693)   (2,200)       (1,398)    (6,106)
   Net earnings for
    the year                                       50,911
   Cash dividends paid-
    $.92 a share                                  (24,050)
   Stock options exercised,
    net of 8,940 shares
    exchanged                           (524)               (40,811)      1,157
   ESOP contribution                     690                (80,000)      1,980
   Other                                  16                  8,226        (263)
   Restricted stock issued                58                (19,400)        541                   (599)
   Restricted stock
    cancelled                                                 4,000        (125)                    56
   Amortization of
    restricted stock                                                                               452
   Translation adjustment
    for year                                                                                                 3,942
   Purchase of treasury
    stock                                                   450,700     (14,118)
   Reduction of ESOP
    loan guarantee                                                                  2,200

   Balances at
    September 30, 1994       2,698    80,066      273,800   916,615     (25,521)      -         (1,489)     (2,164)
   Net earnings for
    the year                                       66,103
   Cash dividends paid-
    $.96 a share                                  (25,020)
   Stock options exercised,
    net of 81,593 shares
    exchanged                         (1,180)              (107,661)      2,744
   Other                                   3                 11,607        (412)
   Restricted stock issued                66                (13,400)        376                   (442)
   Restricted stock
    cancelled                                                 5,800        (198)                    81
   Amortization of
    restricted stock                                                                               515
   Translation adjustment
    for year                                                                                                (6,487)
   Purchase of treasury
    stock                                                    65,000       (1,759)
   Balances at
    September 30, 1995      $2,698   $78,955     $314,883   877,961    $(24,770)      -        $(1,335)    $(8,651)
   </TABLE>


   See notes to consolidated financial statements.

   <PAGE>
   Consolidated Cash Flows

    (Dollars in thousands)
    Years ended September 30,              1995     1994       1993 
    Cash Flows from Operating
     Activities
    Net earnings                         $66,103  $50,911    $33,035
    Adjustments to reconcile net
     earnings to net cash provided
     by operating activities:
       Cumulative effect of
       accounting changes                      -         -    23,563
       Depreciation                       28,206    31,012    29,644
       Amortization                        6,435     5,366     5,409
       Provision for losses on
       accounts receivable                 1,356       971       988
       Gain on sale of property,
       plant and equipment and
       other productive assets           (41,423)     (185)     (167)
       Changes in operating assets
        and liabilities (net of
        effects from acquisition
        and disposition of businesses):
          Accounts receivable             (6,543)  (10,588)   (4,299)
          Inventories                    (11,109)   (5,082)    1,498
          Prepaid expenses, income
            taxes and other assets        (3,935)   (3,366)   (9,886)
          Accounts payable and accrued
            expenses                      (4,719)   (3,312)   (4,073)
          Salaries, wages and
            withholdings from employees      828    (3,158)      845
          Income taxes                    (8,194)   16,488     2,285
          Deferred income taxes           (5,881)   (4,889)    2,976
          Other liabilities                2,009   (12,526)      933
                                         -------  --------   -------
    Net cash provided by operating
     activities                           23,133    61,642    82,751
                                         -------  --------   -------

    Cash Flows from Investing
     Activities
    Acquisition of property,
     plant and equipment                 (42,562)  (55,071)  (36,363)
    Acquisition of new businesses-
     net of cash acquired                (12,431)  (65,909)   (9,614)
    Proceeds from disposition of
     business and sale of
     property, plant and equipment
     and other productive assets          43,317   163,807       589
    Increase in investments               (4,574)   (6,827)   (2,225)
                                         -------   -------   -------
    Net cash (used in) provided
     by investing activities             (16,250)   36,000   (47,613)
                                         -------   -------   -------
    Cash Flows from Financing
     Activities
    Proceeds from additional
     borrowings                           11,948    42,629    27,521
    Reduction in debt                    (27,920)  (70,415)  (39,240)
    Purchase of treasury stock            (1,759)  (14,118)        -
    Dividends                            (25,020)  (24,050)  (23,191)
    Proceeds from options exercised
     and other equity transactions         1,155       386        98
                                         -------   -------   -------
    Net cash used in financing
     activities                          (41,596)  (65,568)  (34,812)
                                         -------   -------   -------
    Net (decrease) increase in cash
     and cash equivalents                (34,713)   32,074       326
    Cash and cash equivalents at
     beginning of year                    43,430    11,356    11,030
                                         -------   -------   -------
    Cash and cash equivalents at end
      of year                            $ 8,717   $43,430   $11,356
                                         -------   -------   -------
     Cash paid during the year for:
       Interest                          $15,352   $14,829   $16,234
       Income taxes                       53,500    33,500    29,080


   See notes to consolidated financial statements.

   [Start page 27]
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

   (tabular dollars in thousands except per share amounts)

   note a
   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:

   Nature of Business The Company manufactures and distributes flavors,
   colors, flavor enhancers and other bioproducts, dehydrated products and
   yeast for foods and other applications. 

   Consolidated Subsidiaries and Investments in Other Companies Substantially
   all of the Company's subsidiaries are wholly-owned and their accounts are
   consolidated into the Company's financial statements. The Company also has
   minority interests in certain foreign companies for which it reports
   earnings when cash is received for technical assistance fees and
   dividends. 

   Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid
   investments with maturities of three months or less when acquired to be
   cash equivalents. The effect of the Company's foreign operations on cash
   flows is not material.

   Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
   determined using primarily the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.

   Depreciation Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of
   plant and equipment using the straight-line method for financial
   reporting. Accelerated methods are used for income tax purposes.

   Intangibles The excess cost over net assets of businesses acquired and
   other intangibles, principally formulae and supply contracts, are being
   amortized using the straight-line method over periods ranging up to 40
   years. The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances
   have occurred which would indicate the carrying value may not be
   recoverable or the useful life warrants revision. When factors indicate
   that goodwill and other intangible assets should be evaluated for possible
   impairment, the Company analyzes the future recoverability of the asset
   using an estimate of the related undiscounted future cash flows of the
   business, and recognizes any adjustment to its carrying value on a current
   basis.

   Financial Instruments The Company uses financial instruments in its
   management of foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Financial
   instruments are not held or issued for trading purposes. Non-U.S. dollar
   financing transactions may be used as hedges of long-term investments or
   intercompany loans in the corresponding currency. Foreign currency gains
   and losses on the hedges of long-term investments are recorded as foreign
   currency translation adjustments included in stockholders' equity. Gains
   and losses related to hedges of intercompany loans offset the gains and
   losses on intercompany loans and are recorded in net income. Interest rate
   exchange agreements are effective at modifying the Company's interest rate
   exposures. Net interest is accrued as either interest receivable or
   payable with the offset recorded in interest expense. The Company also
   uses short-term forward exchange contracts for hedging purposes. Realized
   and unrealized gains and losses on these instruments are deferred and
   recorded in the carrying amount of the related hedged asset, liability or
   firm commitment.

   Translation of Foreign Currencies Assets and liabilities of foreign
   operations are translated into United States dollars at current exchange
   rates. Income and expense accounts are translated into United States
   dollars at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year.
   Adjustments resulting from the translation of financial statements of
   international units are included as foreign currency translation
   adjustments in the equity section of the balance sheets. Net transaction
   (gains) losses of $140,000 in 1995, ($697,000) in 1994 and $162,000 in
   1993, are included in earnings before income taxes.


   note b
   Acquisitions, Divestiture and Unusual Items:

   In 1995, the Company recorded unusual items resulting in a net pretax gain
   of $26,847,000 ($9,247,000 after tax, or $.36 per share). Unusual items
   include the gain on the sale of the Frozen Foods business of $49,560,000,
   offset by the costs of discontinuing a product line of $14,047,000 and
   other items which include the cost of a patent infringement judgment and
   the write-down of intangible assets totaling $8,666,000.

   In 1995, the Company finalized the sale of its Frozen Foods business and
   amended the Stock Purchase Agreement ("Agreement") with ConAgra, Inc. The
   business was effectively transferred to ConAgra on August 1, 1994. Under
   the amended Agreement, ConAgra agreed to acquire 100% of the stock of
   Universal Frozen Foods Company for $202,000,000 cash. The sale of the
   Frozen Foods business resulted in a pretax gain of $49,560,000.

   In 1995, the Company reviewed its options relating to the BioVentures
   product line. Based on the Company's comprehensive review, during the
   fourth quarter of 1995, the Company decided to sell or discontinue this
   product line. Accordingly, the Company evaluated the ongoing value of the
   plant and equipment and other assets associated with this product line.
   Based on the evaluation, the Company recorded a charge of $14,047,000 to
   adjust the assets to estimated fair value less costs of disposal.

   In August 1995, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit Court
   affirmed a judgment against the Company for patent infringement. The
   Company has accrued $4,500,000 for the judgment. The Company is in the
   process of petitioning the Supreme Court to review the finding of the
   Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit Court.

   In 1995, the Company acquired the common stock of two foreign dehydrated
   vegetable processors for $12,798,000 cash. On an unaudited pro-forma
   basis, the effects of the acquisitions were not significant to the
   Company's 1995 results of operations.

   In July 1994, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of
   Champlain Industries Limited, a manufacturer of savory flavorings and
   flavor enhancers, for $61,744,000 of which $37,258,000 was paid in cash
   and the remaining purchase price is payable in equal installments of
   $12,243,000 on June 30, 1995 and June 30, 1996. Also during 1994, the
   Company purchased several other businesses for an aggregate purchase price
   of $33,302,000. The excess of the total aggregate cost of all the 1994
   acquisitions over the fair value of net assets acquired of approximately
   $61,413,000 is being amortized by the straight-line method over 40 years.
   On an unaudited pro forma basis, the effects of the acquisitions were not
   significant to the Company's 1994 results of operations.

   The above acquisitions have been accounted for as purchases and,
   accordingly, their results of operations have been included in the
   financial statements since their respective dates of acquisition.

   In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company recorded a pretax restructuring
   charge of $12,125,000 ($7,600,000 after tax, or $.29 per share). The
   restructuring includes product line consolidation in the Company's Flavor
   Division and the reorganization of sales, marketing and distribution
   functions in the Red Star Yeast & Products Division. 

   The charge included $6,000,000 of severance and termination benefits and
   $6,125,000 of asset write-offs and other items. Approximately 50% of the
   charge was non-cash. Operating cash flows were used to fund severance and
   other cash items. The restructuring program was substantially completed in
   1995.


   note c
   Inventories:

   Inventories include finished and in-process products totaling $119,885,000
   and $101,046,000 at September 30, 1995 and 1994, respectively, and raw
   materials and supplies of $59,135,000 and $55,075,000 at September 30,
   1995 and 1994, respectively.


   note d
   Debt:

   Long-term debt consists of the following obligations:

                                             1995         1994 
   Payable in U.S. Dollars:
     9.06% senior notes due
       through July 2004                   $ 46,000    $ 50,000
     8.60% senior notes due
       through November 2001                 12,600      14,800
     7.59% senior notes due
       through December 2008                 30,000      30,000
     6.70% senior notes due
       through December 2009                 20,000      20,000
     6.38% senior notes due 
       through December 2003                 20,000      20,000
     6.21% senior notes due 
       December 1995                         20,000      20,000
     Commercial paper supported by 
       long-term loan commitments             8,215       1,031
     Various mortgage notes, capital  
       lease obligations and other notes      6,536       2,311
   Notes and credit facilities payable in 
       foreign currencies                    18,427      34,868
                                            -------     -------
                                            181,778     193,010
     Current maturities                      21,100      20,775
                                            -------     -------
     Total long-term debt                  $160,678    $172,235
                                           ========    ========

   In June 1995, the Company refinanced the $55,000,000 revolving loan
   agreement, replacing the facility with a $70,000,000 multicurrency
   revolving loan agreement entered into with a group of five banks. Under
   the agreement, the Company has the option to elect to have interest rates
   determined based upon the LIBOR rate plus margin or the certificate of
   deposit rate plus margin. A commitment fee is payable on the unused amount
   of credit. The facility matures in June 2000. Uncommitted lines of credit
   totalling $144,000,000 are also available to the Company from several
   banks, some of which participate in the revolver.

   In June 1995,  the Company entered into an agreement to issue  on December
   28, 1995, 6.99% senior notes totalling $40,000,000. The notes fully mature
   in December 2007 with mandatory principal prepayments of $10,000,000 in
   December 2005, $10,000,000 in December 2006 and the remaining $20,000,000
   due in December 2007. Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes
   and to refinance the $20,000,000 of 6.21% senior notes due in December
   1995 which have been reclassified to long-term debt.

   The Company issues short-term commercial paper obligations supported by
   committed lines of credit included in the Revolving Loan Agreement. The
   Company intends to exercise its option to borrow under the commitment
   prior to its expiration date. Consequently, at September 30, 1995 and
   September 30, 1994, $8,215,000 and $1,031,000 have been reclassified to
   long-term debt, respectively.

   The aggregate amounts of maturities on long-term debt each year for the
   five years subsequent to September 30, 1995 are as follows: 1996,
   $21,100,000; 1997, $7,943,000; 1998, $7,521,000; 1999, $9,537,000 and
   2000, $18,173,000.

   Substantially all of the loan agreements contain restrictions concerning
   working capital, borrowings, investments and dividends. Earnings
   reinvested of $29,737,000 at September 30, 1995 were unrestricted.

   Short-term borrowings consist of loans to foreign subsidiaries denominated
   in local currencies which are borrowed under various foreign uncommitted
   lines of credit.


   note e
   Financial Instruments and Risk Management:

   Interest Rate Swaps To reduce interest rate risk and lower its cost of
   borrowing, the Company has entered into interest rate swaps. As of
   September 30, 1995 and 1994 the notional amount of interest rate swaps
   outstanding was $20,000,000 and $40,000,000, respectively. The interest
   rate swaps require the Company to pay variable and receive fixed interest
   rates and the swaps outstanding at September 30, 1995 mature in 1996.

   Currency Swaps To manage foreign exchange risk, the Company has entered
   into currency swaps. The currency swaps of $22,358,000 and $17,055,000 at
   September 30, 1995 and 1994, respectively, effectively hedge long-term
   Canadian dollar-denominated investments and mature in 1997 and 1998.

   Forward Exchange Contracts The Company uses forward exchange contracts to
   reduce the effect of fluctuating foreign currencies on short-term foreign
   currency-denominated intercompany transactions and other known foreign
   currency exposures. At September 30, 1995 and 1994, the Company had
   foreign exchange contracts, generally with maturities of one year or less,
   of $43,175,000 and $11,607,000, respectively.

   Concentrations of Credit Risk Counterparties to currency exchange and
   interest rate swaps consist of large major international financial
   institutions. The Company continually monitors its positions and the
   credit ratings of the counterparties involved and limits the amount of
   credit exposure to any one party. While the Company may be exposed to
   potential losses due to the credit risk of non-performance by these
   counterparties, losses are not anticipated. Concentrations of credit risk
   with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of
   customers, generally short payment terms, and their dispersion across
   geographic areas.

   Fair Values The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents, trade
   receivables, investments, accounts payable, and short-term borrowings
   approximated fair value as of September 30, 1995  and 1994.

   The fair value of the Company's long-term debt, including 
   current maturities, is estimated using discounted cash flows based on the
   Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of
   borrowing arrangements. The fair value at September 30, 1995 and 1994 was
   approximately $190,000,000.


   note f
   Shareholders' Equity:

   In 1988, the Board of Directors adopted a common stock shareholder rights
   plan ("Right") which entitles each shareholder of record to receive a
   dividend distribution of common stock upon the occurrence of certain
   events. The Right becomes exercisable and tradeable ten days after a
   person or group acquires 20% or more, or makes an offer to acquire 20% or
   more, of the Company's outstanding common stock. When exercisable, each
   Right entitles the holder to purchase $100 worth of Company common stock
   for $50. Further, upon the occurrence of a merger or transfer of more than
   50% of the Company's assets, the Right entitles the holder to purchase
   common stock of the Company or common stock of an "acquiring company"
   having a market value equivalent to two times the exercise price of the
   Right. At no time does the Right have any voting power. The Right is
   subject to redemption by the Company's Board of Directors for $.01 per
   Right at any time prior to the date which a person or group acquires
   beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the Company's common stock or
   subsequent thereto at the option of the Board of Directors. The Rights
   expire on September 8, 1998.

   In January 1994, the shareholders approved the 1994 Employee Stock Plan
   (the "1994 Plan") under which the Company may issue up to 1,200,000 shares
   of common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options or the grant of
   restricted stock. Of the total number, up to 250,000 shares may be awarded
   as restricted stock. The 1994 Plan also authorizes the grant of up to
   400,000 stock appreciation rights (SARs) in connection with stock options.
   The Company also has shares available under the previously approved 1991
   Stock Plan for Executive employees (the "1990 Plan"). 

   The Plans have awarded shares of restricted stock which become freely
   transferable at the end of the period of restriction-five years. During
   the period of restriction, the employee has voting rights and is entitled
   to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to the
   stock.

                                                      Shares
                                            
                                      -------------------------------------
                                                   Outstanding
                                        Reserved     Options      Available

   Balances at September 30, 1992
    ($10.591 to $36.125)                1,765,553   1,202,803       562,750
     Granted ($33.75 to $34.75)              -        311,600      (311,600)
     Restricted stock awarded             (23,200)       -          (23,200)
     Exercised ($10.591 to $34.125)       (83,042)    (83,042)         -
     Cancelled                               -        (16,950)       16,950

   Balances at September 30, 1993
    ($11.833 to $36.125)                1,659,311   1,414,411       244,900
     Authorized under the 1994 Plan     1,200,000        -        1,200,000
     Granted ($30.875 to $32.25)             -        339,900      (339,900)
     Restricted stock awarded             (19,400)       -          (19,400)
     Exercised ($11.833 to $29.625)       (49,751)    (49,751)         -
     Cancelled                               -       (104,250)      104,250

   Balances at September 30, 1994
    ($11.833 to $36.125)                2,790,160   1,600,310     1,189,850
     Granted ($28.25 to $33.00)              -        372,350      (372,350)
     Restricted stock awarded             (13,400)       -          (13,400)
     Exercised ($11.833 to $33.75)       (189,254)   (189,254)         -
     Cancelled                               -       (167,516)      167,516

   Balances at September 30, 1995
    ($11.833 to $36.125)                2,587,506   1,615,890       971,616

   At September 30, 1995, 964,865 shares were exercisable at prices ranging
   from $11.833 to $36.125.

   The Company is authorized to issue 250,000 shares of cumulative preferred
   stock.


   note g 
   Retirement Plans:

   The Company primarily provides benefits under defined contribution plans
   including a savings plan and ESOP. The savings plan covers substantially
   all domestic salaried and certain non-union hourly employees and provides
   for matching contributions up to 4% of each employee's salary. The ESOP
   covers substantially all domestic employees not covered by a defined
   benefit plan and provides for contributions of 6% to 10% of each
   employees' salary. Total expense for the Company's defined contribution
   plans was $5,205,000, $8,112,000 and $7,364,000 in 1995, 1994 and 1993,
   respectively.


   note h
   Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits:

   The Company provides certain health insurance benefits to eligible
   domestic retirees and their dependents. Effective October 1, 1992, the
   Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
   Standards No. 106 (SFAS No. 106) "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
   Benefits Other Than Pensions," whereby the cost of postretirement benefits
   is accrued during an employee's active service period. Prior to October 1,
   1992, benefits were charged to operations in the period the claims were
   paid. The Company elected to immediately recognize the transition
   obligation for future benefits to be paid relating to past employee
   services in fiscal 1993.

   The postretirement benefit expense includes the following components:

                                         1995         1994        1993

   Service cost                          $1,139       $1,586      $1,784
   Interest cost on accumulated 
     benefit obligation                   1,733        1,977       2,118
   Amortization of prior 
     service cost                          (278)        (352)       -
   Other                                    (15)        -            160
                                         ------       ------      ------
   Postretirement benefit expense        $2,579       $3,211      $4,062

   The Company continues to fund benefit costs on a pay-as-you-go basis, with
   retirees paying a portion of the costs. 

   The status of the Company's postretirement benefit obligation at September
   30, 1995 and 1994 was:

                                                1995       1994
   Actuarial present value of accumulated 
     benefit obligation:
       Retirees                                $ 7,935    $ 8,287
       Fully eligible active plan 
         participants                            2,343      2,253
       Other active plan participants           12,702     11,506
                                               -------    -------
   Accumulated benefit obligation               22,980     22,046
   Unrecognized prior service cost               4,999      5,277
   Unrecognized gain                             3,949      2,662
                                               -------    -------
   Postretirement benefits accrued             $31,928    $29,985

   The weighted average discount rates used in determining the accumulated
   postretirement benefit obligation at September 30, 1995 and 1994 were 7.0%
   and 8.0%, respectively. The assumed health care cost trend rate used in
   measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 13% in
   1995, 14% in 1994, gradually declining to 7% by the year 2001 and
   remaining at that level thereafter. A one percentage point increase in the
   assumed cost trend rate would increase the accumulated postretirement
   benefit obligation as of September 30, 1995 by approximately $4,697,000
   and the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of the 1995
   postretirement benefit expense by $591,000.

   During 1994, the Company had a curtailment of accumulated postretirement
   benefits relating to employees of the Frozen Foods business which was sold
   effective July 31, 1994. The gain resulting from the curtailment has been
   included with the gain on the sale of Frozen Foods (see Note b).

   In addition, effective October 1, 1992, the Company adopted Financial
   Accounting Standards No. 112 (SFAS No. 112), "Employers' Accounting For
   Postemployment Benefits." This standard requires employers to accrue the
   cost of benefits to former or inactive employees after employment but
   before retirement. The adoption of SFAS Nos. 106 and 112, resulted in a
   non-cash pretax charge of $37,700,000 as of October 1, 1992 and has been
   reflected as a cumulative effect of accounting changes. 


   note i
   Income Taxes:

   Effective October 1, 1992, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
   Accounting Standards No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes" (SFAS No. 109).
   The cumulative and fiscal 1993 effect of the accounting change was not
   material. SFAS No. 109 requires the Company to compute deferred income
   taxes based on the difference between the financial statement and tax
   bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the
   years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation
   allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to
   the amount expected to be realized.

   The provision for income taxes, including the income tax effect of
   accounting changes, is as follows:

                                   1995        1994       1993 
   Currently payable:
     Federal                       $33,181     $36,759    $23,394
     State                           5,636       6,684      4,082
     Foreign                         8,305       5,754      3,954
   Deferred (benefit):
     Federal                         1,021     (16,592)   (10,057)
     State                             210      (2,862)    (1,521)
     Foreign                           147         479        (30)
                                   -------     -------    -------
                                   $48,500     $30,222    $19,822

   The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
   portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:

                                           1995        1994 
   Deferred tax assets:
     Inventory valuation                   $ (5,728)   $ (5,690)
     Employee and retiree benefits          (18,345)    (16,432)
     Sale of assets, plant closings
       and asset write-downs                 (3,985)     (6,874)
     Other                                  (18,862)    (13,910)
                                           --------    --------
     Gross deferred tax assets              (46,920)    (42,906)
     Valuation allowance                      5,587       6,112
                                           --------    --------
       Total deferred tax assets           $(41,333)   $(36,794)
                                           ========    ========
   Deferred tax liabilities:
     Property, plant and equipment         $ 24,772    $ 21,234
     Other                                   13,525      19,064
                                           --------    --------
       Total deferred tax liabilities      $ 38,297    $ 40,298
                                           --------    --------
   Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities   $ (3,036)   $  3,504
                                           ========    ========

   The effective tax rate differs from the statutory Federal income tax rate
   of 35% as described below:
    
                                      1995       1994      1993

   Taxes at statutory rate          $40,114    $28,397   $18,500
   State income taxes, net of 
     Federal income tax benefit       3,800      2,484     1,665
   Tax credits                       (3,100)    (1,980)     (531)
   Sale of business                   5,900       -         -
   Other, net                         1,786      1,321       188
                                    -------    -------   -------
   Provision for income taxes       $48,500    $30,222   $19,822
                                    -------    -------   -------
   Effective tax rate                  42.3%      37.3%     37.5%

   Earnings before income taxes and cumulative effect of accounting changes
   are summarized as follows:

                                      1995       1994      1993
   United States                    $ 92,043   $63,079   $80,483
   Foreign                            22,560    18,054    10,074
                                    --------   -------   -------
                                    $114,603   $81,133   $90,557

   Domestic income taxes have not been provided on undistributed earnings of
   foreign subsidiaries which are considered to be permanently invested. If
   undistributed foreign earnings were to be remitted, foreign tax credits
   would substantially offset any resulting domestic tax liability.


   note j
   Contingencies:

   The Company is involved in various claims and litigation arising in the
   normal course of business. In the opinion of management and Company
   counsel, the ultimate resolution of these actions will not materially
   affect the consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash
   flows of the Company.


   note k
   Foreign Operations:

   Summarized information relating to the Company's domestic and foreign
   operations are as follows:

                               1995      1994       1993 
   Revenue:
     United States             $516,683  $745,487   $752,335
     Europe                     174,931   104,375     74,646
     Other foreign              101,357    80,001     64,585
                               --------  --------   --------
                               $792,971  $929,863   $891,566
                               ========  ========   ========
   Operating Income:
     United States             $ 98,816  $ 76,315   $ 91,477
     Europe                      14,912     8,060      4,315
     Other foreign               15,982    12,646      9,937
                               --------  --------   --------
                               $129,710  $ 97,021   $105,729
                               ========  ========   ========
   Identifiable Assets:
     United States             $439,634  $482,934   $569,840
     Europe                     238,497   175,539    102,603
     Other foreign               98,739   105,191     57,550
                               --------  --------   --------
                               $776,870  $763,664   $729,993
                               ========  ========   ========

   Transfers of product between geographic areas are not significant.
   Operating income is total revenue less operating expenses. Identifiable
   assets include all assets identified with the operations in each
   geographic area, and an allocable portion of intangible assets recorded by
   the parent.



   Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements

   The management of Universal Foods Corporation is responsible for
   preparation of the financial statements and other financial information
   included in this annual report. The financial statements have been
   prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

   It is management's policy to maintain a control-conscious environment
   through an effective system of internal accounting controls. These
   controls are supported by the careful selection of competent and
   knowledgeable personnel and by the communication of standard accounting
   and reporting policies and procedures throughout the Company. These
   controls are adequate to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
   safeguarded against material loss or unauthorized use and to produce the
   records necessary for the preparation of reliable financial information.
   There are limits inherent in all systems of internal control based on the
   recognition that the costs of such systems should be related to the
   benefits to be derived. Management believes that its systems provide this
   appropriate balance.

   The control environment is complemented by the Company's internal audit
   function, which evaluates the adequacy of the controls, policies and
   procedures in place, as well as adherence to them, and recommends
   improvements for implementation when applicable. In addition, the
   Company's independent auditors, Deloitte & Touche LLP, have developed an
   understanding of the Company's accounting and financial controls and have
   conducted such tests as they considered necessary to render an opinion on
   the Company's financial statements.

   The Board of Directors pursues its oversight role with respect to the
   Company's financial statements through the Audit Committee, which is
   composed solely of outside directors. The Audit Committee recommends
   selection of the Company's auditors and meets with them and the internal
   auditors to review the overall scope and specific plans for their
   respective audits and results from those audits. The Committee also meets
   with management to review overall accounting policies relating to the
   reporting of financial results. Both the independent auditors and internal
   auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit Committee.


   Guy A. Osborn
   Chairman and
   Chief Executive Officer 

   Michael Fung
   Vice President and
   Chief Financial Officer


   <PAGE>

   Independent Auditors' Report

   To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Universal Foods Corporation:

   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Universal
   Foods Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 30, 1995 and 1994, and
   the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders' equity and
   cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,
   1995. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
   management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
   statements based on our audits.

   We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
   standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
   obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
   free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
   basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
   statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
   used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
   the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
   provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

   In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
   all material respects, the financial position of the companies as of
   September 30, 1995 and 1994, and the results of their operations and their
   cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,
   1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

   As discussed in Note h to the consolidated financial statements, effective
   October 1, 1992, the companies changed their methods of accounting for
   postretirement benefits other than pensions and postemployment benefits to
   conform with Statements of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106 and 
   No. 112, respectively.


   Deloitte & Touche LLP

   Milwaukee, Wisconsin
   November 9, 1995
   [End Pages 23-33]

   <PAGE>
   [Start Page 34]

   <TABLE>
   Five Year Review

   <CAPTION>
   (Dollars in thousands
    except per share data)             1995               1994               1993              1992              1991

   <S>                        <C>         <C>     <C>       <C>    <C>         <C>   <C>         <C>      <C>      <C> 
   Summary of Operations
   Revenue                       $792,971 100.0%   $929,863 100.0%    $891,566 100.0%   $883,438 100.0%   $834,329 100.0%
   Operating costs and
    expenses:
     Cost of products sold        518,194   65.3    616,752   66.3     589,735   66.1    593,006   67.1    557,917   66.9
     Selling and administra-
       tive expenses              171,914   21.7    203,965   22.0     196,102   22.0    187,727   21.3    170,137   20.4
     Unusual items                (26,847)  (3.4)    12,125    1.3           -      -     19,300    2.2          -      -
                                  -------   ----    -------   ----     -------   ----    -------   ----    -------   ----
                                  663,261   83.6    832,842   89.6     785,837   88.1    800,033   90.6    728,054   87.3
                                  -------   ----    -------   ----     -------   ----    -------   ----    -------   ----
   Operating income               129,710   16.4     97,021   10.4     105,729   11.9     83,405    9.4    106,275   12.7
   Interest expense                15,107    1.9     15,888    1.7      15,172    1.7     16,423    1.9     13,975    1.7
                                  -------   ----    -------   ----     -------   ----    -------   ----    -------   ----
   Earnings before income taxes 
     and cumulative effect of 
     accounting changes           114,603   14.5     81,133    8.7      90,557   10.2     66,982    7.5     92,300   11.0
   Income taxes                    48,500    6.2     30,222    3.2      33,959    3.9     25,286    2.8     34,520    4.1
                                  -------   ----    -------   ----     -------   ----    -------   ----    -------   ----
   Earnings before cumulative  
     effect of accounting
     changes                       66,103    8.3     50,911    5.5      56,598    6.3     41,696    4.7     57,780    6.9
   Cumulative effect of
    accounting changes net
    of tax                              -      -          -      -      23,563    2.6          -      -          -      -
                                  -------   ----    -------   ----     -------   ----    -------   ----    -------   ----
   Net earnings                  $ 66,103   8.3%   $ 50,911   5.5%    $ 33,035   3.7%   $ 41,696   4.7%   $ 57,780   6.9%
                                  =======   ====    =======   ====     =======   ====    =======   ====    =======   ====
   Earnings per common share 
     before cumulative effect  
     of accounting changes           2.54              1.95               2.15              1.57              2.18
   Net earnings per common
     share                           2.54              1.95               1.25              1.57              2.18
                                     ----             -----               ----              ----              ----
   Other Related Data
   Earnings per common share 
     excluding unusual items  
     and cumulative effect of 
     accounting changes              2.18              2.24               2.15              2.02              2.18
   Dividend per common
    share                            0.96              0.92               0.88              0.84              0.76
   Average shares
    outstanding                26,061,269        26,130,783         26,350,346        26,608,350        26,537,996
   Book value per common
    share                           13.89             12.60              11.60             11.57             10.99
   Price range per common
    share                     26.13-34.88          28.88-35        30.25-37.25       26.75-39.88       28.63-40.38
   Share price at
    September 30                    34.88             29.63              33.88             31.38             38.25
   Research and development 
    expenditures                   28,558            32,217             28,460            26,597            25,211
   Capital expenditures            42,562            55,071             36,363            44,982            54,750
   Depreciation                    28,206            31,012             29,644            28,144            24,153
   Amortization                     6,435             5,366              5,409             4,894             5,252
   Total assets                   776,870           763,664            729,993           702,130           653,176
   Long-term debt                 160,678           172,235            171,907           167,746           152,213
   Shareholders' equity           361,780           327,390            305,066           303,174           292,002
   Return on average
    shareholders' equity
    before cumulative
    effect of accounting
    change                          18.5%             16.1%              18.7%             13.8%             21.2%
   Total debt to total capital      34.3%             37.6%              38.7%             40.4%             36.9%
   Employees                        4,104             4,063              5,450             5,400             5,924

   </TABLE>

   The 1995 results include a pretax gain of $49.6 million relating to the
   sale of the Frozen Foods business and the cost of discontinuing a product
   line and other unusual items totaling $22.8 million. The 1994 results
   include a pretax restructuring charge of $12.1 million. The 1992 results
   include a pretax restructuring charge of $19.3 million relating to the
   Frozen Foods business.

 [End Page 34]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARY LIST
<TEXT>



                                                                  EXHIBIT 21 




                           SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF
                          UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION 



             Warner-Jenkinson Company, a New York corporation formerly known
   as H. Kohnstamm & Co., Inc. through which the Company conducts its food
   color business, has 5 foreign subsidiaries.

             Rogers Foods Inc., a California corporation formerly the
   Company's Dehydrated Division.

             Universal Holdings Inc., a Nevada investment subsidiary which is
   the parent company of Rogers Foods Inc. and the Warner-Jenkinson Company.

             Universal Flavor Corporation, an Indiana corporation through
   which the Company conducts its food flavor business, has 6 domestic and 15
   foreign subsidiaries.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23 CONSENT
<TEXT>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 23


   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

   We consent to the incorporation by reference in Amendment No. 1 to
   Registration Statement No.'s 33-7235, 33-34555 and 33-55437, and
   Registration Statement No.'s 33-27356 and 33-35704 of Universal Foods
   Corporation on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 9, 1995, which
   reports express unqualified opinions and include an explanatory paragraph
   relating to the change in methods of accounting for postretirement
   benefits other than pensions and postemployment benefits to conform with
   Statements of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106 and No. 112,
   respectively, appearing in and incorporated by reference in the Annual
   Report on Form 10-K of Universal Foods Corporation for the year ended
   September 30, 1995.




   December 22, 1995
   Milwaukee, Wisconsin

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THE SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF UNIVERSAL FOODS CORPORATION AS OF AND FOR
THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1995 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE
TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          SEP-30-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               SEP-30-1995
<CASH>                                           8,717
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  109,615
<ALLOWANCES>                                     3,768
<INVENTORY>                                    179,020
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               326,364
<PP&E>                                         447,381
<DEPRECIATION>                                 187,693
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 776,870
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          182,600
<BONDS>                                        160,678
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                         2,698
<OTHER-SE>                                     359,082
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   776,870
<SALES>                                        792,971
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               792,971
<CGS>                                          518,194
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  518,194
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                              (26,847)<F1>
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 1,356
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              15,107
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                114,603
<INCOME-TAX>                                    48,500
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             66,103
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    66,103
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.54
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.54
<FN>
<F1>Unusual Item:  Includes the gain on the sale of the Frozen Foods busines offset
by the costs of discontinuing a product line and other items which include the
cost of a patent infringement judgment and the write-down of intangible assets.
</FN>
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
